UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
39785,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.yahoo.com/news/explainer-west-might-russias-frozen-112625465.html,Explainer-How the West might use Russia's frozen reserves to help Ukraine,The G7 group of nations are looking to use nearly $300 billion worth of Russian financial assets frozen by sanctions since 2022 to help support Ukraine  but ...,"LONDON (Reuters) -The G7 group of nations are looking to use nearly $300 billion worth of Russian financial assets frozen by sanctions since 2022 to help support Ukraine  but how it will be done remains highly complex given it would set a controversial precedent.Here are some of the ideas being looked at:CONFISCATIONWashington continues to back the idea of seizing the immobilised Russian reserves in their entirety and handing them to Ukraine.Some top lawyers argue it can be done under a doctrine of international law known as ""countermeasures"". The assets would then be sold or collateralised and the proceeds handed to Ukraine  or to a dedicated reconstruction fund.European officials raise concerns however that it could violate international law and open a Pandora's box given that Russia is likely to challenge the move in the courts.Previous examples of such seizures  such as of Iraqi assets after Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait  and of German assets after World War Two  happened after those wars had ended  not while they were still raging - as with Russia's invasion of Ukraine.Even in the United States  leading sovereign debt experts have highlighted that the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) does not authorise an outright confiscation of frozen Russian property in the absence of actual armed conflict between the U.S. and Russia.SIPHON OFF PROCEEDSThe lion's share of the Russian reserves - essentially bonds and other types of securities in which the Russian central bank had invested - are held in a Brussels-based depository called Euroclear.When those assets reach their final payout days - or ""mature""  in banker speak - they get converted into cash  a transaction that is taxed at a rate of 25% in Belgium.EU leaders have agreed in principle to ringfence the profits from the Russian assets for Ukraine  estimating it will add up to 15-20 billion euros by 2027. That includes around 3 billion euros this year which could be released to Kyiv by July  European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has said.Under a Commission proposal  90% of the proceeds would go into an EU-run fund for military aid for Ukraine  with the other 10% going to support Kyiv in other ways.Some in the bloc are still wary  though  including the European Central Bank that has warned that seizing the Russian assets should only be done in tandem with other G7 powers. They want to ensure it isn't just the euro that is affected if other countries such as China start repatriating their reserves as a precaution against them being swooped on down the line too.Euroclear keeps a ""convenience fee"" from the profits officials highlight  which trims the amounts that would be available for Ukraine.Some lawyers also point out that  legally  there is little difference between siphoning off the maturity revenues and grabbing the full $300 billion or so.There is the risk that Russia could  through court action  try and seize Euroclear cash in securities depositories in Hong Kong  Dubai and elsewhere. The worry is that this could drain Euroclear capital and require a huge bailout.There are plans therefore to set aside some of the siphoned-off money as a safety net.COLLATERALISED LOAN'Collateralizing' the Russian assets for loans instead of seizing them outright is seen as one of the favoured options for achieving consensus between Washington  Europe and elsewhere.Daleep Singh  the U.S. deputy national security adviser for international economics  has talked in recent weeks about bringing forward the ""present value of the future interest stream of the immobilised assets  either through a bond or a loan"" to ""supersize"" the value of these income flows over time.Instead of just transferring the yearly profits from the reserves   he said its was conceptually possible to transfer 10 years of profits or even 30 years of profits.Sources briefed on the plans say a loan is likely to be simpler than a bond while Singh has said the goal is to reach a decision on the frozen asset issue at the G7 leaders' annual summit in Italy in June.REPARATION BONDS""Reparation bonds"" have also been suggested as a way of circumventing some of the legal problems. Ukraine would sell securities that pay out if - and only if - it receives reparations from Russia for the damage done by the war.Interest payments could also roll up and only become payable if Kyiv gets compensation.The bondholders would not have a contractual claim on the Kremlin’s frozen reserves. But given that Russia is unlikely to pay up willingly  these assets would be the most likely source of cash to pay for damages.Since the reserves are accruing interest  they could be used to pay both the bonds’ principal and more regular coupon payments. This would be different from confiscation  because the assets would only be transferred if a legitimate compensation mechanism first ruled that damages were due to Ukraine.Ukraine would have a way to collect on any damages awarded up to the value of the reserves. It could therefore issue reparation bonds up to $300-350 billion. But it would only get anything like this sum if the United States  EU governments and other allies were willing to buy the securities.SYNDICATED LOANThe bond idea has been fleshed out further by Lee Buchheit  a veteran legal expert in sovereign debt  and Singh  who returned to the White House earlier this year.Their view is that Ukraine could pledge its claim for reparations against Russia to a syndicate of its allies in return for a loan. If Moscow refused to pay the damages  the allies could then use Russia’s frozen assets to pay off the loan. The justification for doing this is the widely recognised legal principle that  if a creditor controls a debtor’s assets  it can set off those assets against an unpaid debt.(Reporting by Marc Jones in London  Andrea Shalal in Washington and Andrew Gray in BrusselsEditing by Peter Graff)",neutral,0.41,0.57,0.02,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,True,English,"['frozen reserves', 'Explainer', 'West', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'U.S. deputy national security adviser', 'International Emergency Economic Powers Act', 'leading sovereign debt experts', ""G7 leaders' annual summit"", 'European Central Bank', 'other G7 powers', 'actual armed conflict', 'final payout days', 'frozen asset issue', 'dedicated reconstruction fund', 'regular coupon payments', 'Russian central bank', 'frozen Russian property', 'future interest stream', 'legitimate compensation mechanism', '15-20 billion euros', 'Russian financial assets', 'profits officials highlight', 'European officials', 'Commission proposal', 'G7 group', 'EU leaders', '3 billion euros', 'international law', 'international economics', 'EU-run fund', 'Interest payments', '$300 billion worth', 'other types', 'other ways', 'other countries', 'Russian assets', 'frozen reserves', 'controversial precedent', 'Previous examples', 'United States', 'SIPHON OFF', 'Brussels-based depository', 'military aid', 'convenience fee', 'little difference', 'maturity revenues', 'court action', 'Hong Kong', 'huge bailout', 'off money', 'safety net', 'recent weeks', 'income flows', 'legal problems', 'contractual claim', 'likely source', 'Russian reserves', 'REPARATION BONDS', 'bonds’ principal', 'Iraqi assets', 'German assets', 'immobilised assets', 'Euroclear capital', 'yearly profits', 'top lawyers', 'World War', 'Daleep Singh', 'outright confiscation', 'securities depositories', 'COLLATERALISED LOAN', 'present value', 'Euroclear cash', 'LONDON', 'Reuters', 'nations', 'sanctions', 'Ukraine', 'ideas', 'Washington', 'entirety', 'doctrine', 'countermeasures', 'proceeds', 'concerns', 'Pandora', 'box', 'move', 'courts', 'seizures', '1990 invasion', 'Kuwait', 'wars', 'IEEPA', 'absence', 'share', 'banker', 'transaction', 'rate', 'Belgium', 'principle', 'Kyiv', 'July', 'bloc', 'tandem', 'China', 'precaution', 'line', 'amounts', 'risk', 'Dubai', 'worry', 'plans', 'loans', 'options', 'consensus', 'time', '10 years', '30 years', 'Sources', 'goal', 'decision', 'Italy', 'June', 'reparations', 'damage', 'bondholders', 'Kremlin']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,yahoo.com
39786,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/us-and-eu-sanctions-against-russia-will-undermine-western-global-preeminence-by-brahma-chellaney-2024-04,The West Is Hastening Its Own Decline by Brahma Chellaney,The West’s strategic overreach vis-à-vis Russia is not only alienating much of the rest of the world  but also providing a windfall for its real rival  China. Unless it changes course  the West is likely to lose its global supremacy  including its hold on the…,The West’s strategic overreach vis-à-vis Russia is not only alienating much of the rest of the world  but also providing a windfall for its real rival  China. Unless it changes course  the West is likely to lose its global supremacy  including its hold on the international financial architecture.MUNICH – Since Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine more than two years ago  the West has desperately sought ways to punish Russia without harming itself in the process. It has mostly failed.So far  not even unprecedented sanctions have derailed Russia’s economy  let alone compelled the Kremlin to change its behavior. Instead  Russia has pivoted to a war economy: it now produces nearly three times as many munitions as NATO  including more missiles than it was producing before the war began.Much of the West  by contrast  is facing economic stagnation  owing not least to the switch away from cheap Russian energy to costlier supplies from elsewhere. The United Kingdom is officially in recession  and there has been no growth in the eurozone since the third quarter of 2022  when gas prices surged  leading the European Central Bank to start raising interest rates to stem runaway inflation. Higher fuel prices have helped turn former economic powerhouse Germany into the worst-performing developed economy.European growth is not the only casualty of Western sanctions against Russia. The US dollar – which was already facing “stealth erosion” before the Ukraine war – appears to have lost some of its global influence  even in oil markets  as countries pursue alternatives to the greenback in response to the West’s decision to weaponize finance. Meanwhile  rising gold purchases by central banks in China  Turkey  India  Kazakhstan  and Eastern Europe  coupled with greater geopolitical uncertainty  have helped drive prices to a record high.The European Commission’s move to seize the profits generated by frozen Russian central-bank assets would reinforce these trends. Given the centrality of central banks in the global financial system  their assets have historically been considered sacrosanct. But Russia’s assets – over two-thirds of which are held by the Brussels-based clearing house Euroclear – were frozen unilaterally by Western governments  without authorization from the International Court of Justice or the United Nations Security Council  as required by international law.Now  with “Ukraine fatigue” weakening Western support for continued military and financial aid  the European Commission wants to start tapping the €3.25 billion ($3.45 billion) in annual accrued interest on the frozen assets. Under its current proposal  most of the revenues would be channeled through the European Peace Facility  which refunds EU states for sending arms to Ukraine  with the rest going to the EU’s central budget  to be used to strengthen Ukraine’s weapons-manufacturing capacity.Subscribe to PS Digital Subscribe to PS Digital Access every new PS commentary  our entire On Point suite of subscriber-exclusive content – including Longer Reads  Insider Interviews  Big Picture/Big Question  and Say More – and the full PS archive. Subscribe NowBut such a move would be unlikely to help turn the tide in the Ukraine war. What Ukraine really needs more than weapons and funds are new recruits to replenish the ranks of its exhausted and depleted forces. Here  its options are limited: not even draconian conscription practices have been able to offset the growing troop shortfall.What seizing Russia’s earnings would do is set a dangerous precedent in international law and deal a blow to Europe’s credibility as a champion of a rules-based world order; the Commission’s proposed “legal pathway” amounts to lawfare  pure and simple. It would also signal to other countries that their money is not safe in the West  thereby strengthening further their incentive to seek alternatives to Western institutions and currencies. If this trend continues  the West’s financial-sanctions arsenal will be weakened considerably. Already  the West’s routine use of sanctions is reducing their impact.Not only do Western sanctions fail to change the behavior of the government being targeted  whether Russia  Iran  Myanmar  or Syria; they also almost invariably advance China’s commercial and strategic interests. In fact  no country is profiting more from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine – and the West’s response to it – than China.Beyond expanding the international use of the renminbi  Western sanctions against Russia created an opportunity for China to secure greater cheap supplies of Russian oil  gas  and grains. Transported along secure overland routes  these supplies would likely continue being delivered even in the event of a war with the West  easing a major source of anxiety for China over its designs on Taiwan.Moreover  China has more than doubled its nuclear-weapons arsenal since 2020  and it is expanding its conventional forces faster than any other country has since World War II. Yet the West is so fixated on punishing Russia that China has managed to avoid much scrutiny  let alone pushback. US President Joe Biden  for example  is now attempting to “manage competition” with China by laying greater stress on diplomacy than on deterrence  with his latest budget woefully underfunding key enabling capabilities for the Indo-Pacific and even slashing the production target for Virginia-class submarines from two per year to just one. Small wonder that China is quietly oiling the Kremlin’s war machine. For China  the longer the West stays distracted  the better.Make no mistake: China poses a far greater threat to Western interests and the rules-based world order than Russia. Whereas Russia’s designs are largely confined to its neighborhood  China has the ambition to supplant the US as the preeminent global power. It may well also have the means: China’s population and economy are about ten times larger than Russia’s  and China spends some four times as much as Russia on its military.The West  which accounts for just 12% of the global population  should not underestimate the potential consequences of simultaneously enabling China’s increasingly aggressive rise and alienating the rest of the world. Unless it abandons its strategic overreach vis-à-vis Russia and turns its attention to its real rival  China  the West is likely to lose its global supremacy  including its hold on the international financial architecture.,neutral,0.06,0.57,0.37,negative,0.04,0.26,0.7,True,English,"['The West', 'Own Decline', 'Brahma Chellaney', 'Brussels-based clearing house Euroclear', 'United Nations Security Council', 'former economic powerhouse Germany', 'The United Kingdom', 'rising gold purchases', 'greater geopolitical uncertainty', 'On Point suite', 'Big Picture/Big Question', 'draconian conscription practices', 'growing troop shortfall', 'secure overland routes', 'The US dollar', 'full PS archive', 'cheap Russian energy', 'European Peace Facility', 'annual accrued interest', 'rules-based world order', 'PS Digital Access', 'new PS commentary', 'Higher fuel prices', 'performing developed economy', 'global financial system', 'greater cheap supplies', 'international financial architecture', 'European Central Bank', 'The European Commission', 'World War II', 'Russian central-bank assets', 'economic stagnation', 'financial aid', 'Russian oil', 'interest rates', 'new recruits', 'global supremacy', 'global influence', 'central banks', 'central budget', 'International Court', 'international law', 'international use', 'European growth', 'strategic overreach', 'real rival', 'many munitions', 'costlier supplies', 'third quarter', 'runaway inflation', 'stealth erosion', 'oil markets', 'record high', 'Western governments', 'Western support', 'current proposal', 'weapons-manufacturing capacity', 'subscriber-exclusive content', 'Longer Reads', 'Insider Interviews', 'depleted forces', 'dangerous precedent', 'legal pathway', 'Western institutions', 'financial-sanctions arsenal', 'routine use', 'strategic interests', 'major source', 'nuclear-weapons arsenal', 'conventional forces', 'The West', 'war economy', 'unprecedented sanctions', 'Western sanctions', 'full-scale invasion', 'gas prices', 'Eastern Europe', 'EU states', 'other countries', 'other country', 'Ukraine fatigue', 'Ukraine war', 'windfall', 'China', 'course', 'hold', 'MUNICH', 'ways', 'process', 'Kremlin', 'behavior', 'times', 'NATO', 'missiles', 'contrast', 'switch', 'recession', 'eurozone', 'casualty', 'alternatives', 'greenback', 'response', 'decision', 'finance', 'Turkey', 'India', 'Kazakhstan', 'move', 'profits', 'trends', 'centrality', 'two-thirds', 'authorization', 'Justice', 'continued', 'military', 'revenues', 'arms', 'entire', 'Say', 'tide', 'funds', 'ranks', 'exhausted', 'options', 'earnings', 'blow', 'credibility', 'champion', 'lawfare', 'money', 'incentive', 'currencies', 'impact', 'Iran', 'Myanmar', 'Syria', 'commercial', 'renminbi', 'opportunity', 'grains', 'event', 'anxiety', 'designs', 'Taiwan']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,project-syndicate.org
39787,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/South-Korea-considers-easing-bond-market-reporting-rules-sources-say-46510267/,South Korea considers easing bond market reporting rules  sources say,(marketscreener.com) South Korea is consideringeasing real-time reporting requirements for investors in thenation's $1.8 trillion bond market as it seeks inclusion intoFTSE Russells global bond index  three people familiar with thematter said. The finan…,"SEOUL  April 24 (Reuters) - South Korea is considering easing real-time reporting requirements for investors in the nation's $1.8 trillion bond market as it seeks inclusion into FTSE Russell’s global bond index  three people familiar with the matter said.The finance ministry and the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) are in talks to change a requirement for banks to report any bond trading in the over-the-counter market to authorities within 15 minutes of each transaction.That rule has been a major pain point in the government's efforts to court global investors into the Korean bond market. It would also need to be addressed as Korean bonds move to the Euroclear settlement platform from July this year.No decisions have yet been made on the specific changes to the rules but could include reducing reporting requirements to once or twice a day  said the sources  which included a finance ministry official who declined to be named. A current 7pm local deadline for reporting would also need to be addressed.""Many foreign institutions have pointed out that the requirement to report transactions manually every 15 minutes is a restriction in carrying out transactions efficiently  and we're working to improve that "" a source directly involved in the government discussion said  who declined to be named due to sensitivity of the issue.""We're communicating with relevant authorities to ease them "" he said.The FSS  South Korea's market regulator  declined to comment.The changes would follow recent reforms Asia's fourth-largest economy has introduced as it looks to shake off its classification as an emerging market and gain acceptance to major global market benchmarks.Inclusion in FTSE Russell's World Government Bond Index (WGBI)  for example  could attract tens of billions of dollars in inflows  analysts say.Authorities are now looking to ease a series of rules for banks and brokerages created after financial crises of past decades and designed to monitor major capital flight risks.South Korean government bonds have been on FTSE Russell's watchlist for WGBI inclusion since September 2022 and easing the 15-minute reporting requirement could improve the prospects of index admission  the sources say.FTSE Russell is due to release an update on its WGBI constituents in September.South Korea needs to improve in areas such as ""sound regulatory environment"" and ""investment restrictions"" to meet the minimum standards for WGBI inclusion  a FTSE Russell report said in a 2022 report.FTSE Russell determines WGBI inclusion based on an investor survey on market accessibility.Foreign investors make up about 10% of the country's bond market.Currently details of all over-the-counter transactions including price  quantity  time and parties involved need to be reported in real-time to the Korea Financial Investment Association  an industry body.Global banks say the real-time reporting obligations currently create significant barriers for foreign investors wanting to buy large volumes of Korean bonds.Among the regulatory reforms South Korea adopted recently to boost foreign access to its financial markets was the scrapping of a 30-year-old rule that foreigners must register with authorities in order to trade listed stocks. The won's onshore market trading hours will also be extended.In 2022  the government scrapped taxes on foreigners' income from investments in treasury bonds and monetary stabilisation bonds.(Writing by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Sam Holmes)",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['bond market reporting rules', 'South Korea', 'sources', 'current 7pm local deadline', 'major capital flight risks', 'onshore market trading hours', 'major global market benchmarks', 'World Government Bond Index', 'Korea Financial Investment Association', 'South Korean government bonds', 'major pain point', 'Euroclear settlement platform', 'Financial Supervisory Service', 'monetary stabilisation bonds', 'global bond index', '$1.8 trillion bond market', 'sound regulatory environment', 'Korean bond market', 'Many foreign institutions', 'finance ministry official', 'real-time reporting obligations', 'real-time reporting requirements', '15-minute reporting requirement', 'FTSE Russell report', 'bond trading', 'Korean bonds', 'index admission', 'investment restrictions', 'financial crises', 'financial markets', 'counter market', 'market regulator', 'emerging market', 'market accessibility', 'treasury bonds', 'global investors', 'regulatory reforms', 'government discussion', 'foreign access', 'Global banks', 'three people', 'recent reforms', 'fourth-largest economy', 'past decades', 'minimum standards', 'investor survey', 'Foreign investors', 'industry body', 'significant barriers', 'large volumes', 'listed stocks', 'Cynthia Kim', 'Sam Holmes', 'WGBI constituents', 'specific changes', 'The FSS', '30-year-old rule', ""foreigners' income"", 'WGBI inclusion', 'counter transactions', 'relevant authorities', '2022 report', 'SEOUL', 'April', 'Reuters', 'nation', 'matter', 'talks', '15 minutes', 'efforts', 'July', 'decisions', 'rules', 'sources', 'sensitivity', 'issue', 'Asia', 'classification', 'acceptance', 'example', 'tens', 'billions', 'dollars', 'inflows', 'analysts', 'series', 'brokerages', 'watchlist', 'September', 'prospects', 'update', 'areas', 'country', 'details', 'price', 'quantity', 'parties', 'scrapping', 'order', 'taxes', 'investments', 'Editing']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39788,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRELLEBORG-AB-6491387/news/Trelleborg-Press-release-from-Trelleborg-AB-s-2024-Annual-General-Meeting-46519258/,Trelleborg : Press release from Trelleborg AB's 2024 Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)      English   Swedish                   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRELLEBORG-AB-6491387/news/Trelleborg-Press-release-from-Trelleborg-AB-s-2024-Annual-General-Meeting-46519258/?utm_medium=RSS…,"Trelleborg AB held its 2024 Annual General Meeting today  April 24  2024.Income statement and balance sheetThe Meeting adopted the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and balance sheet for 2023.The members of the Board and the CEO were discharged from personal liability for the 2023 financial year.DividendThe Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal to pay a dividend in the amount of SEK 6.75 per share. The record date for the dividend was set as Friday April 26  2024  which means the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday May 2  2024.Board of Directors and auditorIn accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  it was resolved that the Board of Directors should comprise seven members elected by the Meeting  with no deputies.In accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  Gunilla Fransson  Monica Gimre  Henrik Lange  Johan Malmquist  Peter Nilsson  Anne Mette Olesen and Jan Ståhlberg were re-elected as Board members. The Meeting elected Johan Malmquist as Chairman of the Board.The company's auditor  Deloitte AB  was re-elected for the period until the close of the 2025 Annual General Meeting.Remuneration of Board members and auditorThe Meeting resolved in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal that fees paid to the Board of Directors shall be SEK 5 775 000 (5 550 000) with SEK 2 150 000 (2 050 000) to be paid to the Chairman and SEK 725 000 (700 000) each to be paid to those Board members who are not employed within the Trelleborg Group.In addition  the Meeting resolved that fees paid to those assigned to the Audit Committee shall be SEK 305 000 (290 000) for the Chairman and SEK 180 000 (170 000) for each member not employed within the Trelleborg Group and that fees paid to those assigned to the Remuneration Committee shall be SEK 175 000 (170 000) for the Chairman and SEK 100 000 (95 000) for each member not employed within the Trelleborg Group. The Meeting also resolved that fees paid to those assigned to the Finance Committee shall be SEK 100 000 (95 000) each for the Chairman and to other members who are not employed within the Trelleborg Group.The auditor's fees are to be paid on a current account basis.Remuneration report 2023The Meeting approved the Board of Directors' remuneration report for the 2023 financial year.Resolution on principles of remuneration for senior executivesThe Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal on principles of remuneration for senior executives.Resolution on the Board of Director's proposal for the Performance Share Plan (PSP 2024/2027)The meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal to introduce a new share program for the CEO and Group management within the Trelleborg Group (""PSP 2024/2027"") and the rights for the Company to transfer its own shares in order to fulfill obligations related to participants in the share program.Resolution on authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own sharesThe Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal to authorize the Board of Directors during the period until the next Annual General Meeting to resolve on acquisition of own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm with the purpose to adapting the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value and to ensure delivery of shares and thereby associated costs for PSP 2024/2027.Resolution on reduction of the share capital by means of cancellation of repurchased shares and increase of the share capital through a bonus issueThe Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals to authorize the Board of Directors to take measures required to reduce the share capital with SEK 139 465 158 through cancellation of 13 578 733 own shares of series B that are held by the company  and at the same time restore the company's share capital with the same amount by increasing the share capital by way of a bonus issue  without issuing new shares. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue. Following completion of the reduction of the share capital and the bonus issue  the number of shares will be 241 547 186  of which 28 500 000 are shares of series A and 213 047 186 are shares of series B.The presentation by the CEO  Peter Nilsson  will be available on www.trelleborg.com.Minutes from the Annual General Meeting will be published on www.trelleborg.com.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Press release', 'Trelleborg AB', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Anne Mette Olesen', 'Jan Ståhlberg', 'current account basis', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'Performance Share Plan', 'consolidated income statement', 'new share program', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'Deloitte AB', 'share capital', 'Trelleborg AB', 'balance sheet', 'personal liability', '2023 financial year', 'record date', 'Nomination Committee', 'Gunilla Fransson', 'Monica Gimre', 'Henrik Lange', 'Johan Malmquist', 'Peter Nilsson', 'Audit Committee', 'Finance Committee', 'senior executives', 'Group management', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'capital structure', 'shareholder value', 'bonus issue', 'series B', 'same time', 'restricted equity', 'series A', 'seven members', 'other members', 'Trelleborg Group', 'The Meeting', 'Remuneration Committee', 'new shares', 'Friday April', 'same amount', 'Board members', ""Directors' proposal"", 'CEO', 'Dividend', 'accordance', 'SEK', 'Thursday', 'May', 'auditor', 'deputies', 'Chairman', 'company', 'period', 'close', 'fees', 'addition', 'Resolution', 'principles', 'PSP', 'rights', 'order', 'obligations', 'participants', 'authorization', 'repurchase', 'acquisition', 'purpose', 'delivery', 'costs', 'reduction', 'means', 'cancellation', 'increase', 'proposals', 'measures', 'way', 'implementation', 'completion', 'number', 'presentation', 'Minutes', '578,733']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39789,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.counterpunch.org/2024/04/24/are-the-brics-and-their-new-development-bank-offering-alternatives-to-the-world-bank-the-imf-and-the-policies-promoted-by-the-traditional-imperialist-powers/,Are the BRICS and Their New Development Bank Offering Alternatives to the World Bank  the IMF and the Policies Promoted by the Traditional Imperialist Powers?,In recent years  the rightful rejection of the policies promoted by the traditional imperialist powers (North America  Western Europe and Japan)  followed by the announcements made by the BRICS (Brazil  Russia  India  China and South Africa)  have aroused gre…,In recent years  the rightful rejection of the policies promoted by the traditional imperialist powers (North America  Western Europe and Japan)  followed by the announcements made by the BRICS (Brazil  Russia  India  China and South Africa)  have aroused great interest and expectations of major changes  including the creation of a common currency to challenge the US dollar as the dominant currency. But what has actually happened? What has been achieved by the New Development Bank and the BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement (CRA)?How big are the BRICS in a few figures?The five founding member countries of the BRICS  [1] created in 2011  are Brazil  Russia  India  China and South Africa. They account for 27% of global GDP  20% of global exports  20% of global oil production and 41% of the world’s population.Furthermore  at the summit in August 2023  it was announced that the BRICS group would be enlarged  and the acronym of the enlarged group changed to BRICS+. Six more countries were to join: Egypt  Saudi Arabia  the United Arab Emirates  Ethiopia  Iran and Argentina. Finally  following the election of Javier Milei in November 2023  Argentina withdrew. If we add the five new members to calculate the weight of the BRICS+  the big change compared with the previous situation concerns oil production. The BRICS+ accounts for 42% of world oil production and 51% of greenhouse gas emissions. A few more figures: the BRICS+ account for 29% of world GDP  25% of world exports and 45% of the world’s population.There has been talk for years about the possibility of the BRICS launching a new currency. What’s the latest?Despite hopes that such a measure will be on the agenda of the next BRICS summit  to be held in 2024 in Kazan (capital of the Republic of Tatarstan  part of the Russian Federation) under the Russian presidency of Vladimir Putin  the creation of a common BRICS currency was not included in the final declaration adopted at the BRICS summit held in August 2023 in South Africa. [2] It is true that in his closing speech at the summit  the Brazilian President announced that the BRICS had spoken in favour of a “working group to study a reference currency for BRICS.” [3] He also declared  “the creation of a currency for trade and investment transactions between BRICS members increases our payment options and reduces our vulnerabilities.” [4]The Brazilian economist Paulo Nogueira Batista  who represented Brazil at the IMF from 2007 to 2015 under President Lula  and who was then vice-president of the New Development Bank (created by the BRICS) from 2015 to 2017  is among those hoping that the creation of a BRICS currency will be on the agenda at the 16th BRICS summit. In a communication dated October 2023  Paulo Nogueira Batista said:5] “President Putin himself  as well as President Lula  have often spoken of de-dollarization and the possible creation of a common or reference currency for the BRICS. Since at least 2022  Russian experts have been working on the topic. The reason Russia is the originator of the idea is quite clear”.Of course  Nogueira alludes to the sanctions Russia has been under since the annexation of Crimea in 2014 and especially since the invasion of Ukraine in 2022.Paulo Nogueira Batista goes on to summarise some of the progress made and the many obstacles encountered and concludes :6] “It is our good luck to have Russia presiding over the BRICS in 2024 and Brazil  in 2025 – precisely the two countries that seem to be most interested in moving towards the creation of a common or reference currency. If everything runs smoothly  the BRICS may be able to decide to create a currency at the Summit in Russia next year. By the Summit in Brazil  in 2025  the BRICS will perhaps be able to announce the first steps towards its establishment.”But there are other voices. Neoliberal economist  Lesetja Kganyago  Governor of the South African Reserve Bank  is far less optimistic than Paulo Nogueira. Here is what William Gumede wrote in Business Day newspaper on 21 August 2023  at the time of the BRICS summit:“Kganyago has cautioned over the practicality of establishing a common currency in a trade bloc in which the members are spread over vastly different geographical locations. The success of the euro  the common currency of the EU  has been partially based on geographical proximity  similarity in economic and political institutions and regimes  and individual economies giving up their national currencies. 7] A BRICS currency will also require a BRICS central bank   commonality in monetary policy  alignment of fiscal policies  and synergy between political regimes across the trade bloc. Yet as things stand the BRICS currencies have mismatched central banking regimes and are not easily convertible — unlike the EU when the euro was established. China and Russia’s central banks are also state-controlled  whereas SA  India and Brazil have independent central banks. A big question is whether China or Russia would surrender sovereignty over their national currencies  which would be crucial to the success of a common currency. “We might add that it is hard to imagine India under Narendra Modi  who is likely to win the elections in May 2024  coming into conflict with the United States by endorsing the roll-out of a common currency  especially since Sino-Indian economic and military confrontations continue. Confronted with China  India is strengthening its relations with Israel  Washington  Australia and Japan  while supporting Russia in selling its oil and remaining a member of the BRICS. As Kganyago pointed out  India is keen to retain sovereignty over its currency. The same is true of Brazil  as monetary sovereignty enables both countries to maintain or strengthen their influence in their traditional areas of economic influence — Brazil with its neighbouring economies: Paraguay  Peru  Bolivia  Ecuador  Venezuela  etc. and India with Bangladesh  Nepal  Sri Lanka  etc.I feel it is more crucial to assess what is currently in place than to speculate on the likelihood of a common BRICS currency materialising someday. What is certain is that  beyond the rhetoric of the Russian and Brazilian representatives  in practice  there has been no progress to date in setting up a common currency.In a nutshell  what is the New Development Bank? What is the share of each BRICS country in the New Development Bank and how does it work?The NDB was officially created on 15 July 2014 on the occasion of the 6th BRICS Summit held in Fortaleza  Brazil. The NDB granted its first loans at the end of 2016. The five founding countries each have an equal share of the Bank’s capital  and none has veto rights. In addition to the five founding countries  Bangladesh  the United Arab Emirates and Egypt are also members of the NDB. [8] Uruguay is in the process of making its membership effective. The NDB has a capital of 50 billion dollars  which should be increased to 100 billion dollars in the future. The position of Chairman of the NDB is rotated. Each country has the right to hold the presidency in turn for a 5-year term. Dilma Rousseff  the current president  is Brazilian  and the next president will be Russian and will be appointed in 2025 by Vladimir Putin  who has just been re-elected president of the Russian Federation until 2030. The New Development Bank has announced that it will focus primarily on financing infrastructure projects  including water distribution systems and renewable energy production systems. It insists on the “green” nature of the projects it finances  although this is highly debatable.What does Paulo Nogueira say about the New Development Bank?The Shanghai-based New Development Bank  in which Moscow is a shareholder  is complying with the sanctions against Russia and has not granted any loans to the country since 2021In view of his responsibilities as Brazil’s representative at the IMF and subsequently as vice-president of the New Development Bank (NDB)  it is worth publishing a large extract from Paulo Nogueira Batista’s comments on the new bank created by the BRICS:“The Bank has yet to make a difference. One reason is  frankly  the type of people we have sent to Shanghai since 2015 as Presidents and Vice Presidents of the institution. Brazil  for instance  during the Bolsonaro administration  sent a weak person to become President from mid-2020 to early 2023 – technically weak  Western-oriented  with no leadership  and without a clue as to how to conduct a geopolitical initiative. Russia is also no exception  unfortunately – the Russian Vice President is remarkably unfit for the job. As the saying goes  rot begins at the top. Weak Management has often led to poor hiring of staff. These internal problems of the Bank were compounded by broader political hurdles  among which tense relations between China and India  the sanctions imposed on Russia since 2014 and  especially  since 2022  as well as the political crises in Brazil and South Africa. These macropolitical issues within and among the founding members have also hurt the NDB. 9] Brazil has now sent Dilma Rousseff  a former President of Brazil  to become President of the institution. She has  however  less than two years to turn around the Bank. Not enough time. Thus  the future of the NDB lies largely in the hands of Russia. This is because Russia will have the opportunity to appoint a new president for 5 years  starting July 2025. I hope Russia will this time be able to send a strong person for the job  someone of high political standing  technically sound  and with a clear view of the geopolitical purposes that led the BRICS to create the NDB.”Paulo Nogueira’s hopes that Russia will give the NDB much greater strength from 2025 onwards need to be qualified by two major factors. Firstly  developments in the war in Ukraine and the international sanctions imposed on Russia by North America  Western Europe and Japan. Secondly  the NDB’s decision on 4 March 2022 to stop granting loans to Russia. The NDB has chosen to respect the sanctions by Washington’s partners and has refrained from granting new loans to Russia due to fears of a credit rating downgrade  since nearly 7% of NDB liabilities are in Russia (the downgrade by New York rating agencies did indeed transpire in mid-2022). This can be verified on the NDB website under the section  All Projects and in particular under all projects in Russia where it can be seen that the last project financed by the NDB in Russia dates back to 2021.What other disappointments did Paulo Nogueira express about the New Development Bank?Getting back to Paulo Nogueira’s assessment of the NDB’s weakness:“Why can it be said that the NDB was disappointing so far? Here are some of the reasons why. Disbursements have been strikingly slow  projects are approved but are not transformed into contracts. When contracts are signed  actual project implementation is slow. Results on the ground are meager. Operations – funding and lending – are done mainly in US dollars  the currency which also serves as the Bank’s unit of account.”The New Development Bank lends mainly in dollarsHow can we  as BRICS  credibly talk about de-dollarization if our main financial initiative remains predominantly dollarized? Don’t tell me that operations in national currencies cannot be done in our countries. The Interamerican Development Bank  the IDB  for instance  has had for many years considerable experience in operating in Brazilian currency. Why the NDB has not tapped into that experience beats me. One can expect Dilma Rousseff to start solving these problems. 10] The NDB is also far from being the global bank we envisaged at the time of its creation. Only three new countries have joined the Bank after more than eight years of existence – Compared with the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank   the AIIB   led by China  was established more or less at the same time as the NDB  which has had more than 100 countries members for some time. Furthermore  governance in the NDB is poor  rules are not respected by the management. The Board is ineffective. Transparency is not observed  the Bank is opaque  and little information about loans and projects is made public. HR is weak. Many important positions in the Bank remain unfilled  discouragement among employees is rife leading to staff departures  and thus the total number of staff is falling.”This highly critical observation does not come from an enemy of the BRICS  but from a committed supporter of the vital need to bolster BRICS initiatives.It is worth noting that in April 2023  the NDB’s most recent borrowing on the financial markets took the form of US dollar bonds [11] rather than the renminbi as was the case at the very start of the bank’s activities. This is further proof that the NDB’s practices and the BRICS strategy are not in line with the stated aim of resolutely reducing the role of the dollar in international trade. For the years 2020-2021  75% of the NDB’s borrowings were in US dollars. The NDB management has announced that it will reduce its dollar borrowing and lending in the future  to 70% of assets and liabilities by 2030 (an unambitious target). This remains to be seen.What conclusion can be drawn from the fact that the NDB borrows on the financial markets and in dollars?That’s a very important question. The first conclusion is that there is a huge inconsistency between the BRICS leaders’ assertion that they want to reduce the role of the dollar and the fact that they are borrowing in dollars from the financial markets. If they wish to be consistent  they should develop a common currency or trade increasingly in a common basket of their currencies. And if they still have to use the US dollar  why should they borrow on the financial markets when China has a huge amount of dollars in its reserves  over 3 000 billion US dollars(US$3 307 000 000 000 on 31 December 2022 according to the World Bank). India and Brazil also have sizeable dollar reserves. According to the World Bank  Brazil’s foreign exchange reserves stood at US$325 billion at the end of 2022  India’s at US$563 billion and Russia’s at US$582 billion. We might also ask why Russia left almost 300 billion euros of reserves in Western Europe  mainly at Euroclear in Brussels  which were eventually blocked as part of the sanctions that followed the 2022 invasion of Ukraine. The conclusion that can be drawn is that  far from having built together powerful common tools to finance trade and investment  the BRICS remain anchored in relations based on the supremacy of the dollar and are reproducing the lending model adopted by the major international financial institutions such as the IMF and the World Bank. There is  of course  one major difference: the New Development Bank does not make its loans conditional on the application of structural adjustment policies (although the World Bank does not either  given that the loans are mostly project-based and micro-economic  so have to be justified as bankable independent of a country’s macro-economic policies). This difference  which has been emphasised many times by several authors  is addressed in my series of questions and answers devoted to China as a creditor power.New Development Bank mapWhat types of projects are financed by the New Development Bank?It is indeed important to look at the types of projects financed by the NDB. South African economist Patrick Bond’s rigorous analysis of the projects financed by the NDB in South Africa shows that these projects reinforce the neo-colonial extraction of raw materials and the combustion of fossil fuels  often to borrowers which are demonstrably corrupt and oppressive(Read BRICS New Development Bank Corruption in South Africa  published on 5 September 2022).In this article  Patrick Bond concludes:“The NDB does not yet appear as an alternative to a system of Washington-centric development finance that is rife with problems. Instead  it appears from the South African case that the ingredients exist for the NDB to amplify uneven development through financing some of the country’s most notoriously corrupt institutions  for projects which are themselves highly dubious.”The NDB does not appear to be an alternative to a development financing system centered on Washington and riddled with problems – Patrick BondIn a recent paper presented by Patrick Bond at the World Social Forum in Nepal in February 2024  entitled The BRICS New Development Bank & Sub-Imperialism: Working within  not against  global financial power  the author shows that the policies of the BRICS  and in particular those of the NDB  do not constitute an alternative to the imperialist model dominated by the United States. They do not break with the domination of the dollar and reproduce the same extractivist export model.We can reasonably share Samir Amin’s opinion  also taken up by Patrick Bond  on the BRICS  whose policies do not fundamentally break with neoliberal capitalist globalisation. Samir Amin wrote:12] “The ongoing offensive of the United States/Europe/Japan collective imperialism against all the peoples of the South walks on two legs: the economic leg—globalized neoliberalism forced as the exclusive possible economic policy; and the political leg —continuous interventions including preemptive wars against those who reject imperialist interventions. In response  some countries of the South  such as the BRICS  at best walk on only one leg: they reject the geopolitics of imperialism but accept economic neoliberalism”.As Samir Amin wrote  the BRICS reject the geopolitics of imperialism [13] but accept economic neoliberalism.What is the status of the BRICS Monetary Fund  known by its acronym CRA?The BRICS reject the geopolitics of imperialism but accept economic neoliberalism – Samir AminLet’s return to the opinion expressed by Paulo Nogueira Batista about the BRICS and their Common Monetary Fund:“The BRICS are undoubtedly a major force in the world and have been so since the beginning  in 2008. We can indeed be a crucial factor in the consolidation of a post- Western and multipolar planet. This is what is expected of our countries. One can ask  however  whether the BRICS have lived up to this kind of expectation. How have we fared since we first started working together in 2008  at the initiative of Russia? What can we achieve going forward? In trying to answer the first question I will be frank and sometimes even a bit harsh. Please do not see my words as arrogant or pretentious. They will be the expression of an expert opinion  fallible as all opinions. I hope my remarks will not be completely off the mark. Is it not true that self-criticism  although painful  may be beneficial in the end? I will speak not as an academic researcher but as a practitioner  having been involved in the BRICS process since the beginning in 2008  from Washington DC  and up to 2017  when I left the post of Vice President of the BRICS bank in Shanghai. Beyond speeches  declarations  and communiqués  we have achieved so far two practical and potentially very important things: 1) a monetary fund of the BRICS  named the Contingent Reserve Arrangement – the CRA; and  more significantly  2) a multilateral development bank  called the New Development Bank (NDB)  better known as the BRICS bank  headquartered in Shanghai.” “The two existing BRICS financing mechanisms were established in mid-2015  more than 8 years ago. Let me assure you that when we started out with the CRA and the NDB  there was considerable concern with what the BRICS were doing in this area in Washington  DC.  in the IMF and the World Bank. I can testify to that because I lived there at the time  as Executive Director for Brazil and other countries in the Board of the IMF. As time went by  however  people in Washington relaxed  sensing perhaps that we were going nowhere with the CRA and the NDB .”Paulo Nogueira Batista argues that the slow implementation of the CRA and NDB by the BRICS has meant that the leaders of the IMF and WB  who had previously expressed great concern about the potential for competition  have come to feel reassured.Why has the Common Monetary Fund project not moved forward?According to Paulo Nogueira  who discusses the slow progress in setting up the Common Monetary Fund that the BRICS were to create under the name CRA  Contingent Reserve Arrangement:“The CRA has been frozen by our five central banks. It remains small  only has five members  its working is hampered by numerous restrictions and safeguards  the surveillance unit we foresaw has not been established  and no balance of payments support operations have been carried out  only test runs. Now  suppose the BRICS are serious about offering an alternative to the Western-dominated IMF. In that case  the CRA must be expanded in total size of resources  new countries must be allowed to join  the flexibility of the CRA must be increased  and a sound surveillance unit ( similar to the one the Chiang Mai Initiative has in Singapore) needs to be established as soon as possible  and the link to the IMF needs to be gradually relaxed. All this is easier said than done. Having participated intensely in the two years of negotiations that led to the CRA  I can tell you that the main reason for the lack of progress is the fierce resistance of our central banks  except the Chinese central bank. The Brazilian central bank is probably the worst. The South African central bank was not far behind in making the CRA inflexible – very strange given that South Africa is the only BRICS country that could conceivably need balance of payments support in the foreseeable future. What about Russia? Can the Russian central bank be made to understand that the CRA is now potentially even more important than when we conceived it  given the changes in the geopolitical context? 14] 15] Don’t tell me  by the way  that the CRA suffers from the same problems of all other monetary funds created as alternatives or complements to the IMF. For example  the small FLAR – Latin American Reserve Fundand the Arab Monetary Fund (AMF)have more members than the CRA and are active institutions that have carried out many operations for balance of payment support. Meanwhile  our CRA is dormant”.It is striking that while South Africa in mid-2020  during Covid-19  decided to borrow $4.3 billion to ensure a stable balance of payments  instead of being able to borrow from the CRA  it had to turn to the IMF. The inconsistencies reinforced by the contradictions (notably between China and India) between the BRICS countries have so far prevented them from creating the common monetary fund that they promised to set up ten years ago. An additional factor has come into play: apart from South Africa  the BRICS members do not lack foreign exchange reserves (and even Pretoria controls more than $54 billion in forex and $9 billion in gold). That said  if they had wanted to constitute a major pole of attraction to weaker countries  they would have had everything to gain from creating this monetary fund and distinguishing it from the IMF. Unfortunately  even if the CRA did exist  its articles of agreement confirm that after taking 30% of its quota (in South Africa’s case  $3 billion)  then the borrowing country must go to the IMF for a structural adjustment programme before it can access the remaining 70% of the quota. This is a diabolical empowerment of the IMF because it increases its leverage over BRICS borrowers.What elements of the final declaration of the 2023 BRICS summit show that they do not represent an alternative to the economic model applied by Washington and its allies?The following extracts from the final declaration [16] of the BRICS Summit in August 2023 show very clearly that the policies advocated there are in line with the neoliberal capitalist globalisation promoted by the traditional imperialist powers  institutions such as the World Bank  the IMF  the WTO  the G7  the G20 and the big private companies.“8. We reaffirm our support for the open  transparent  fair  predictable  inclusive  equitable  non-discriminatory and rules-based multilateral trading system with the World Trade Organisation (WTO) at its core… 9. We call for the need to make progress towards the achievement of a fair and market-oriented agricultural trading system… 10. We support a robust Global Financial Safety Net with a quota-based and adequately resourced International Monetary Fund (IMF) at its centre. 29. We note that high debt levels in some countries reduce the fiscal space needed to address ongoing development challenges aggravated by spillover effects from external shocks  particularly from sharp monetary tightening in advanced economies. Rising interest rates and tighter financing conditions worsen debt vulnerabilities in many countries. (…) One of the instruments  amongst others  to collectively address debt vulnerabilities is through the predictable  orderly  timely and coordinated implementation of the G20 Common Framework for Debt Treatment… 30. We reaffirm the importance of the G20 to continue playing the role of the premier multilateral forum in the field of international economic and financial cooperation that comprises both developed and emerging markets and developing countries where major economies jointly seek solutions to global challenges. We look forward to the successful hosting of the 18th G20 Summit [17] in New Delhi under the Indian G20 Presidency.”As these extracts indicate  the BRICS accept the global capitalist framework structured around a series of institutional pillars which they say must continue to play a central role.Not only are they not proposing an alternative institutional framework to the one put in place after the Second World War or after the 2008 crisis when the G20 was called into being  but the one they are building themselves is based on the same financing model. They are adopting a model of economic development centred on exploiting the natural resources of the countries of the Global South and their highly competitive workforce to trade as many products and services as possible on a world market dominated by large private companies and major economic and military powers. Nowhere in the BRICS declarations is there any criticism of the capitalist system  its mode of production  its property relations  or its exploitation of peoples and Nature. The reason is simple: the BRICS are themselves countries that have adopted the capitalist system  with certain specific characteristics  as in the case of China  where state enterprises and the central state play a key role.This is a long way from building the new international architecture that people need.The author would like to thank Patrick Bond  whose extensive work on the BRICS was useful in writing this article. He would also like to thank Patrick Bond and Maxime Perriot for their re-reading and Claude Quémar for his help in retrieving documents.Translated by Sushovan Dhar in collaboration with Snake ArbustoFootnotes,negative,0.02,0.45,0.53,mixed,0.14,0.32,0.54,True,English,"['Traditional Imperialist Powers', 'New Development Bank', 'World Bank', 'BRICS', 'Alternatives', 'IMF', 'Policies', 'five founding member countries', 'BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement', 'South African Reserve Bank', 'traditional imperialist powers', 'New Development Bank', 'United Arab Emirates', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Business Day newspaper', 'different geographical locations', 'five new members', 'independent central banks', 'Paulo Nogueira Batista', 'BRICS central bank', 'central banking regimes', 'global oil production', 'world oil production', 'next BRICS summit', '16th BRICS summit', 'common BRICS currency', 'Paulo Nogueira.', 'new currency', 'geographical proximity', 'global GDP', 'global exports', 'two countries', 'rightful rejection', 'North America', 'Western Europe', 'great interest', 'major changes', 'US dollar', 'enlarged group', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Javier Milei', 'big change', 'previous situation', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian presidency', 'Vladimir Putin', 'final declaration', 'closing speech', 'working group', 'investment transactions', 'payment options', 'Brazilian economist', 'Russian experts', 'many obstacles', 'good luck', 'first steps', 'other voices', 'Neoliberal economist', 'William Gumede', 'political institutions', 'individual economies', 'national currencies', 'monetary policy', 'political regimes', 'big question', 'dominant currency', 'reference currency', 'world GDP', 'world exports', 'Brazilian President', 'President Lula', 'President Putin', 'BRICS group', 'BRICS members', 'BRICS currencies', 'common currency', 'trade bloc', 'recent years', 'Lesetja Kganyago', 'fiscal policies', 'The BRICS+', 'possible creation', 'Japan', 'announcements', 'India', 'China', 'expectations', 'CRA', 'figures', 'population', 'August', 'acronym', 'Six', 'Egypt', 'Ethiopia', 'Iran', 'Argentina', 'election', 'November', 'weight', 'talk', 'possibility', 'hopes', 'measure', 'agenda', 'Kazan', 'capital', 'Republic', 'Tatarstan', 'part', 'favour', 'vulnerabilities', 'IMF', 'vice', 'communication', 'de-dollarization', 'topic', 'reason', 'originator', 'idea', 'sanctions', 'annexation', 'Crimea', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'progress', 'everything', 'establishment', 'Governor', 'time', 'practicality', 'success', 'similarity', 'economic', 'commonality', 'alignment', 'synergy', 'things', 'sovereignty']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,counterpunch.org
39790,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.india.com/news/world/us-proposal-to-tap-frozen-russian-asset-revenues-for-ukraine-gets-support-say-g7-officials-6885773/,US Proposal To Tap Frozen Russian Asset Revenues For Ukraine Gets Support  Say G7 Officials,Washington: US proposal for using the interest derived from $300 billion in frozen Russian assets to aid Ukraine could win broad support from countries worried about the outright seizure of the underl,HomeNewsUS Proposal To Tap Frozen Russian Asset Revenues For Ukraine Gets Support  Say G7 OfficialsUS Proposal To Tap Frozen Russian Asset Revenues For Ukraine Gets Support  Say G7 OfficialsWashington: US proposal for using the interest derived from $300 billion in frozen Russian assets to aid Ukraine could win broad support from countries worried about the outright seizure of the underlUS President Joe Biden (Photo_AP)Washington: US proposal for using the interest derived from $300 billion in frozen Russian assets to aid Ukraine could win broad support from countries worried about the outright seizure of the underlying assets  US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said on Thursday.Yellen welcomed what she called a “very constructive step” taken by the European Union to segregate the proceeds from assets held by Brussels-based Euroclear and transfer them to Ukraine  noting future interest could also be pulled forward to expand funds available for Ukraine.“This is an approach that could be broadly supported by countries that are concerned about the seizure of assets  and some of the interest could be brought forward through  for example  a loan ” Yellen said in a Reuters Next interview in Washington.Yellen said the approach was among several options being discussed by the Group of Seven (G7) countries ahead of a leaders summit in June  adding  “it certainly belongs on the list.”The U.S. approach  led by deputy national security adviser Daleep Singh  is gaining momentum among the G7 nations  two G7 officials told Reuters earlier on Thursday.Most of the Russian assets held by Euroclear have now been converted to cash  Yellen told Reuters. G7 officials say the assets could generate around $5 billion a year in interest.Yellen said Washington remained convinced that outright seizure of the Russian assets was justifiable under international law  but said other approaches would likely be more acceptable to some of its G7 partners.G7 members are still arguing about certain “holdbacks” that would whittle down those expected windfall profits to just $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion  one of the G7 officials said  pointing to Belgium’s 25% tax rate  a “convenience fee” applied by depository Euroclear  and a proposed litigation reserve.Finance ministers from the G7 members will revisit the issue at a meeting in late May  with an eye to arriving at a consensus proposal to present to leaders for the June summit  the officials said.“We feel a sense of urgency to build international consensus ” the official said. “Everyone acknowledges that we need to do more.”A second G7 official echoed that view  underscoring the need to ensure a longer-term stream of funding for Ukraine.A senior U.S. official said congressional approval of some $61 billion in long-delayed U.S. aid for Ukraine and a separate 50 billion euro package from the European Union would help Kyiv  but it still faced financing gaps in 2025 and 2026.CONSENSUSWashington is eager to build consensus around an idea that could help Ukraine now  the official said.Proceeding with a loan  instead of a bond  made sense since it wouldn’t require formal issuance with a prospectus and would allow sovereign countries to act quickly  the U.S. official added. It would also allow G7 countries to provide additional support to Ukraine at relatively low cost.The G7 comprises the U.S.  Canada  Japan  Britain  France  Germany and Italy.Washington’s shift towards focusing on interest from the assets comes after its push to confiscate the assets ran into massive resistance from France  Germany and the European Central Bank  who worry that the euro could be affected if other countries such as China start repatriating their reserves as a precaution against their possible confiscation in the future.“One big advantage of the loan idea from the European perspective is that it’s entirely focused on the windfall proceeds ” the first G7 official said. “You’re just taking the proceeds that Europe has already determined are not owned by Russia  and you’re bringing them forward. Not only is there no direct seizure  but there’s also no threat of seizure.”Brad Setser  a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations  said Washington was clearly looking for a deal  and the proposal to bring forward the anticipated interest income could provide a good basis for an agreement in June.“It’s a very reasonable approach and has limited legal risks ” he said  noting that G7 countries had pledged to keep the Russian assets frozen until Moscow pulled its forces out of Ukraine and paid for the damages caused by the invasion.“There’s no evidence that Russia is leaving  so that means the income stream will be available for a long period of time.”For breaking news and live news updates  like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter and Instagram. Read more on Latest News News on India.com.,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.03,mixed,0.15,0.33,0.53,True,English,"['Frozen Russian Asset Revenues', 'US Proposal', 'G7 Officials', 'Ukraine', 'Support', 'US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'deputy national security adviser', 'US President Joe Biden', 'Frozen Russian Asset Revenues', 'separate 50 billion euro package', 'senior U.S. official', 'The U.S. approach', 'U.S. aid', 'One big advantage', 'European Central Bank', 'live news updates', 'second G7 official', 'first G7 official', 'Reuters Next interview', 'Latest News News', 'two G7 officials', 'Seven (G7) countries', 'The G7', 'senior fellow', 'US Proposal', 'G7 nations', 'G7 partners', 'G7 members', 'European Union', 'European perspective', 'Russian assets', 'G7 countries', 'several options', 'Daleep Singh', 'international law', 'other approaches', 'windfall profits', '25% tax rate', 'convenience fee', 'litigation reserve', 'Finance ministers', 'late May', 'Everyone acknowledges', 'longer-term stream', 'congressional approval', 'financing gaps', 'formal issuance', 'low cost', 'massive resistance', 'possible confiscation', 'Brad Setser', 'Foreign Relations', 'good basis', 'reasonable approach', 'legal risks', 'income stream', 'long period', 'sovereign countries', 'other countries', 'outright seizure', 'Brussels-based Euroclear', 'depository Euroclear', 'direct seizure', 'broad support', 'additional support', 'underlying assets', 'leaders summit', 'international consensus', 'June summit', 'windfall proceeds', 'interest income', 'loan idea', 'future interest', 'Ukraine', 'Washington', 'Photo_AP', 'Thursday', 'funds', 'example', 'Group', 'list', 'momentum', 'cash', 'holdbacks', 'Belgium', 'issue', 'meeting', 'eye', 'sense', 'urgency', 'need', 'funding', 'Kyiv', 'bond', 'prospectus', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Britain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'shift', 'push', 'China', 'reserves', 'precaution', 'threat', 'Council', 'deal', 'agreement', 'Moscow', 'forces', 'damages', 'invasion', 'evidence', 'time', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'India']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,india.com
39791,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2024-04-25/yellen-says-range-of-options-to-deal-with-frozen-russian-assets,Yellen Says Range of Options to Deal With Frozen Russian Assets,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said on Thursday the outright seizure of Russian assets is justifiable but is only one possibility  with assets instead able to serve as collateral for borrowing in the market to help Ukraine.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said on Thursday the outright seizure of Russian assets is justifiable but is only one possibility  with assets instead able to serve as collateral for borrowing in the market to help Ukraine.""That's an option that's been discussed. The leaders have asked us to give them a range of options "" Yellen said in an interview with Reuters  when asked if the leading option was pulling forward the interest on those assets to issue bonds or loans for Ukraine.""The Europeans have taken a very constructive step and that is most of Russian assets held in Belgium ... have now converted to cash and Euroclear earns interest on those assets. The European Union has agreed to segregate that interest and essentially move forward on a program in which it can be transferred to Ukraine. That is an approach that could be broadly supported by countries that are concerned about seizure of assets ... there are a range of options.""(Reporting by Alessandra Galloni; Writing by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Paul Simao)Copyright 2024 Thomson Reuters.Photos You Should See - April 2024 View All 36 Images",neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,positive,0.5,0.39,0.11,True,English,"['Frozen Russian Assets', 'Yellen', 'Range', 'Options', 'U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'The European Union', 'The Europeans', 'one possibility', 'constructive step', 'Alessandra Galloni', 'Lindsay Dunsmuir', 'Paul Simao', 'outright seizure', 'leading option', 'Russian assets', 'Thomson Reuters', 'WASHINGTON', 'Thursday', 'collateral', 'borrowing', 'market', 'Ukraine', 'leaders', 'range', 'options', 'interview', 'interest', 'bonds', 'loans', 'Belgium', 'cash', 'Euroclear', 'program', 'approach', 'countries', 'Writing', 'Editing', 'Copyright', 'Photos', 'April', '36 Images']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,usnews.com
39792,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Deutsche-Bank-reaffirms-its-Buy-rating-46515043/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Deutsche Bank reaffirms its Buy rating,(marketscreener.com) In a research note  Deutsche Bank analyst Benjamin Goy has maintained his recommendation on the stock with a Buy rating. The target price continues to be set at EUR 215.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/n…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Buy rating', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39793,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-JP-Morgan-gives-a-Neutral-rating-46519823/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : JP Morgan gives a Neutral rating,(marketscreener.com) Enrico Bolzoni from JP Morgan retains his Neutral opinion on the stock. The target price has been modified and is now set at EUR 193 compared to EUR 198.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BOR…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'JP Morgan', 'Neutral rating', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39794,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Goldman-Sachs-reaffirms-its-Neutral-rating-46510067/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Goldman Sachs reaffirms its Neutral rating,(marketscreener.com) Goldman Sachs analyst Oliver Carruthers maintains his Neutral opinion on the stock. The target price is still set at EUR 207.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Goldman-Sachs-reaffirm…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Neutral rating', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39795,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-DZ-Bank-keeps-its-Buy-rating-46518870/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : DZ Bank keeps its Buy rating,(marketscreener.com) Analyst Timo Dums from DZ Bank research considers the stock attractive and recommends it with a Buy rating.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-DZ-Bank-keeps-its-Buy-rating-46518870/?u…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'DZ Bank', 'Buy rating', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39796,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-UBS-remains-its-Buy-rating-46513250/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : UBS remains its Buy rating,(marketscreener.com) Michael Werner from UBS retains his positive opinion on the stock with a Buy rating. The target price is unchanged at EUR 215.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-UBS-remains-its-Buy-r…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Buy rating', 'UBS', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39797,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Boerse-Good-Q1-24-figures-10-revenue-growth-by-SimCorp-acquisition-46513304/,Deutsche Boerse: Good Q1 24 figures  10% revenue growth by SimCorp acquisition,(marketscreener.com) EARNINGS/SALES RELEASES Net revenues increased by 16% to 1.43bn for Q1 24 compared to Q1 23 EBITDA was up by 13% to 875m for Q1 24 Net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 5% to 498m in the same period Deutsche Boers…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.44,0.55,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Good Q1 24 figures', 'Deutsche Boerse', '10% revenue growth', 'SimCorp acquisition', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39798,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/lpkf-laser-electronics-se-meets-q1-guidance-focuses-on-growth-initiatives/eu-press-release/2024/04/25/15/48/25/134531/,LPKF Laser & Electronics SE Meets Q1 Guidance  Focuses on Growth Initiatives,LPKF Laser & Electronics SE achieved its Q1 revenue of EUR 25.4 million and adjusted EBIT of EUR -4.3 million  meeting guidance despite chall,(IN BRIEF) LPKF Laser & Electronics SE achieved its Q1 revenue of EUR 25.4 million and adjusted EBIT of EUR -4.3 million  meeting guidance despite challenges in incoming orders due to project delays. The company made strides in key areas  securing a significant order from the photovoltaic industry and launching the CellShepherd® in the ARRALYZE division for single-cell analysis in biomedicine. CEO Klaus Fiedler underscores the focus on marketing products efficiently to drive growth  alongside cost optimization measures and structural improvements to enhance profitability. LPKF anticipates consolidated sales of EUR 28 – 33 million and adjusted EBIT of EUR -3 to 2 million for Q2  with annual revenue expectations of EUR 130 – 140 million and an adjusted EBIT margin of 4% – 8% for 2024. Long-term goals include achieving attractive growth rates and double-digit EBIT margins. The full quarterly report is available in German and English on LPKF’s website.(PRESS RELEASE) GARBSEN  25-Apr-2024 — /EuropaWire/ — LPKF Laser & Electronics SE achieved its guidance for the first quarter with revenue of EUR 25.4 million and an adjusted EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) of EUR -4.3 million. According to the guidance  revenue in the first quarter should be between EUR 23 and 26 million and adjusted EBIT between EUR -6 and -3 million. Compared to the previous year’s quarter  revenue has increased by 26% (Q1 23: EUR 20.2 million). At EUR -4.4 million  EBIT was also up 34% on the previous year’s figure (Q1 23: EUR -6.6 million).At EUR 33.2 million  incoming orders after three months were down on the previous year (Q1 23: EUR 39.6 million) and below the Management’s expectations. Despite solid demand for the company’s solutions  delays in customer projects meant that some orders could not be booked in the first quarter as planned. The order backlog fell from EUR 82.6 million in the previous year’s period to EUR 67.3 million. The pipeline of opportunities remains strong and the Management Board is focused on converting these into orders and revenue within this financial year.During the quarter  LPKF continued to make important progress in various areas. In March  a leading Korean semiconductor manufacturer opted for LIDE (Laser Induced Deep Etching) technology from LPKF and purchased its first system. The company has been working with key global players for several years now to make glass usable for the semiconductor and display industry and expects to make further visible progress in this area over the course of 2024.As disclosed last month  the company received a major order from the photovoltaic industry with a volume of more than EUR 15 million. As part of this major order  LPKF will supply laser systems for structuring solar modules to equip the new production facilities of a long-standing customer in the first half of 2025. The Management Board believes that the rising global demand for production capacities for thin-film solar modules will continue to have a positive impact on the Solar segment’s performance.The CellShepherd® has been commercially available in the ARRALYZE division since February. With this innovative biotech tool  LPKF aims to revolutionize single cell-based analysis in biomedicine and various life science areas such as personalized medicine. Market interest is high and further progress has already been made with prospective customers.CEO Klaus Fiedler is convinced that LPKF has outstanding products in all business segments. The primary goal is to market these products faster and more efficiently in order to drive growth. Fiedler emphasizes: “We are aware that we must continuously optimize our cost structures in order to deliver profitable growth. The first operational steps to increase efficiency have already been taken and more willfollow.” In addition  the Management Board will work closely with an external consultant to identify structural improvement opportunities  which will start to be effective with regard to profitability and working capital in the second half of this year.In the current second quarter  the Management Board expects consolidated sales of EUR 28 – 33 million and adjusted EBIT* of between EUR -3 and 2 million.For the 2024 financial year  as previously communicated LPKF expects consolidated revenue of EUR 130 – 140 million and an adjusted EBIT margin* of between 4% and 8%.In the medium term  as already communicated  LPKF aims to achieve an attractive single-digit growth rate for its core business. In addition to the core business  the new business initiatives in the semiconductor  display and biotechnology markets are expected to contribute a total sales in the low three-digit million euro range in the medium term. Based on the growth in sales and the resulting economies of scale  the Management Board aims to achieve an attractive double-digit EBIT margin for the LPKF Group in the coming years.The quarterly report is available in German and English at https://www.lpkf.com/en/investor-relations/publications/financial-reports*Adjusted EBIT is EBIT adjusted for restructuring and severance costs and changes in the long-term incentive (LTI) due to fluctuations in the performance factor or the share price. LPKF expects these costs to amount to 0.5 – 1.5% of revenue in the 2024 financial year. Adjusted EBIT is reported in order to be able to compare operating profitability between periods by eliminating special items.About LPKFLPKF Laser & Electronics SE is a leading provider of laser-based solutions for the technology industry. LPKF laser systems are of crucial importance to the production of printed circuit boards  microchips  automotive parts  solar modules and a large number of other components. Founded in 1976  the company is headquartered in Garbsen near Hanover and operates worldwide via subsidiaries and representative offices. The shares of LPKF Laser & Electronics SE are traded in the Prime Standard segment of Deutsche Börse (ISIN 0006450000).Media Contact:Bettina SchäferSenior Manager Investor Relations and Corporate Communication+49 (0) 5131 7095-1385+49 (0) 5131 7095-90SOURCE: LPKF,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.2,0.64,True,English,"['LPKF Laser', 'Electronics SE', 'Q1 Guidance', 'Growth Initiatives', 'low three-digit million euro range', 'Laser Induced Deep Etching) technology', 'leading Korean semiconductor manufacturer', 'various life science areas', 'attractive single-digit growth rate', 'attractive double-digit EBIT margin', 'innovative biotech tool', 'attractive growth rates', 'cost optimization measures', 'key global players', 'new production facilities', 'rising global demand', 'single cell-based analysis', 'CEO Klaus Fiedler', 'new business initiatives', 'first operational steps', 'double-digit EBIT margins', 'full quarterly report', 'thin-film solar modules', 'structural improvement opportunities', 'current second quarter', 'The Management Board', 'annual revenue expectations', 'various areas', 'key areas', 'laser systems', 'single-cell analysis', 'structural improvements', 'solid demand', 'production capacities', 'cost structures', 'second half', 'Solar segment', 'business segments', 'core business', 'first system', 'first half', 'IN BRIEF', 'Electronics SE', 'photovoltaic industry', 'ARRALYZE division', 'Long-term goals', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'first quarter', 'three months', 'customer projects', 'several years', 'long-standing customer', 'positive impact', 'The CellShepherd®', 'personalized medicine', 'prospective customers', 'primary goal', 'profitable growth', 'external consultant', 'working capital', 'medium term', 'biotechnology markets', 'resulting economies', 'coming years', 'LPKF Laser', 'previous year', 'financial year', 'significant order', 'marketing products', 'order backlog', 'important progress', 'visible progress', 'major order', 'outstanding products', 'incoming orders', 'project delays', 'display industry', 'Market interest', 'total sales', 'LPKF Group', 'consolidated sales', 'Q1 revenue', 'guidance', 'challenges', 'company', 'strides', 'biomedicine', 'focus', 'profitability', 'German', 'English', 'website', 'GARBSEN', 'Apr', 'earnings', 'taxes', 'figure', 'solutions', 'period', 'pipeline', 'March', 'LIDE', 'glass', 'course', 'volume', 'part', 'performance', 'February', 'efficiency', 'addition', 'regard', 'scale', 'investor-relations', 'publications', 'financial-reports', 'restructuring', '2024', '2025']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,news.europawire.eu
39799,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nodal-exchange-announces-cooperation-deutsche-130000361.html,Nodal Exchange Announces Cooperation with Deutsche Börse Market Data + Services,WASHINGTON  April 25  2024 -- ( BUSINESS WIRE )--Nodal Exchange announces a collaboration with Deutsche Börse in which Deutsche Börse will provide access to a broad range of Nodal futures & options data in the U.S. energy and environmental markets through its proven data platform and vendor network.,"WASHINGTON  April 25  2024--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nodal Exchange announces a collaboration with Deutsche Börse in which Deutsche Börse will provide access to a broad range of Nodal futures & options data in the U.S. energy and environmental markets through its proven data platform and vendor network.This offering will include major power hubs across the United States  as well as  renewable energy certificates  carbon emission allowances  voluntary carbon credits  and renewable fuel credits. Nodal Exchange  a leader in innovation  offers the largest set of electric power locational (nodal) futures contracts and the largest set of environmental contracts in the world. Nodal is the market leader in North American power futures holding the majority of U.S. power open interest.This partnership will make Nodal Exchange's real-time and end-of-day market data available to a broader audience and address market participants’ desire to receive data through established channel partnerships. Deutsche Börse will act as additional licensor of Nodal’s information products which can be licensed under Deutsche Börse’s Market Data Dissemination Agreement.Nodal Exchange will also be making its real-time market data available via Deutsche Börse’s direct data feed CEF® Core. The integration of Nodal's market data into Deutsche Börse’s CEF Core data feed ensures efficient and cost-effective access for subscribers.The partnership is scheduled to go live on May 1  2024 and marks a significant step forward in improving accessibility and efficiency in commodity derivatives trading.""We are pleased to collaborate with Deutsche Börse to enhance and expand access to Nodal market data globally "" said Paul Cusenza  CEO and Chairman of Nodal Exchange.""Our partnership with Nodal represents a significant milestone for us and our customers  as it allows us to further expand our broad range of premium market data "" said Alireza Dorfard  Head of Market Data + Services at Deutsche Börse.Nodal Exchange is part of the EEX Group which is in turn part of the Deutsche Börse Group.ABOUT NODALNodal Exchange is a derivatives exchange providing price  credit and liquidity risk management solutions to participants in the North American commodities markets. Nodal Exchange is a leader in innovation  having introduced the world’s largest set of electric power locational (nodal) futures contracts and the world’s largest set of environmental contracts. As part of EEX Group  a group of companies serving international commodity markets  Nodal Exchange currently offers over 1 000 contracts on hundreds of unique locations  providing the most effective basis risk management available to market participants. In addition  Nodal Exchange offers natural gas contracts. All Nodal Exchange contracts are cleared by Nodal Clear which is a CFTC registered derivatives clearing organization. Nodal Exchange is a designated contract market regulated by the CFTC.Story continuesABOUT DEUTSCHE BORSE GROUPAs an international exchange organisation and innovative market infrastructure provider  Deutsche Börse Group ensures capital markets that are transparent  reliable  and stable. With its wide range of products  services and technologies  the Group organises safe and efficient markets for sustainable economies.Its business areas cover the entire financial market transaction process chain. This includes the provision of indices  data  software  SaaS  and analytical solutions as well as admission  trading and clearing. Additionally  it comprises services for funds  the settlement and custody of financial instruments as well as the management of collateral and liquidity. As a technology company  the Group develops state-of-the-art IT solutions and offers IT systems all over the world.With more than 14 000 employees  the Group has its headquarters in the financial center of Frankfurt/Rhine-Main  as well as a strong global presence in locations such as Luxembourg  Prague  Cork  London  Copenhagen  New York  Chicago  Hong Kong  Singapore  Beijing  Tokyo  and Sydney.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240425825143/en/ContactsNodal Exchange Public RelationsNicole RicardP: 703-962-9816ricard@nodalexchange.com",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Market Data', 'Nodal Exchange', 'Cooperation', 'Services', 'entire financial market transaction process chain', 'electric power locational (nodal) futures contracts', 'U.S. power open interest', 'CFTC registered derivatives clearing organization', 'North American power futures', 'innovative market infrastructure provider', 'effective basis risk management', 'North American commodities markets', 'Market Data Dissemination Agreement', 'Nodal Exchange Public Relations', 'liquidity risk management solutions', 'CEF Core data feed', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'All Nodal Exchange contracts', 'U.S. energy', 'major power hubs', 'direct data feed', 'renewable energy certificates', 'carbon emission allowances', 'voluntary carbon credits', 'renewable fuel credits', 'natural gas contracts', 'strong global presence', 'day market data', 'real-time market data', 'premium market data', 'Market Data +', 'international commodity markets', 'commodity derivatives trading', 'international exchange organisation', 'DEUTSCHE BORSE GROUP', 'Nodal market data', 'CEF® Core', 'Nodal futures', 'derivatives exchange', 'financial instruments', 'financial center', 'contract market', 'environmental contracts', 'analytical solutions', 'IT solutions', 'options data', 'data platform', 'environmental markets', 'capital markets', 'market participants', 'market leader', 'Nodal Clear', 'EEX Group', 'efficient markets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'broad range', 'vendor network', 'United States', 'largest set', 'broader audience', 'channel partnerships', 'additional licensor', 'significant step', 'Paul Cusenza', 'significant milestone', 'Alireza Dorfard', 'wide range', 'sustainable economies', 'business areas', 'technology company', 'IT systems', 'New York', 'Hong Kong', 'source version', 'information products', 'unique locations', 'Nicole Ricard', 'cost-effective access', '1,000 contracts', 'WASHINGTON', 'April', 'collaboration', 'proven', 'offering', 'innovation', 'world', 'majority', 'integration', 'subscribers', 'May', 'accessibility', 'efficiency', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'customers', 'Head', 'Services', 'turn', 'companies', 'hundreds', 'Story', 'technologies', 'safe', 'provision', 'indices', 'software', 'SaaS', 'admission', 'funds', 'settlement', 'custody', 'collateral', '14,000 employees', 'Frankfurt/Rhine-Main', 'Luxembourg', 'Prague', 'Cork', 'London', 'Copenhagen', 'Chicago', 'Singapore', 'Beijing', 'Tokyo', 'Sydney', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'nodalexchange']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
39800,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/100548/deutsche-brse-to-access-market-data-from-nodal-exchange,Deutsche Börse to access market data from Nodal Exchange,Deutsche Börse announces a collaboration with Nodal Exchange  a leading North American commodity derivatives exchange which is part of the EEX Group.,Source: Deutsche BörseDeutsche Börse announces a collaboration with Nodal Exchange  a leading North American commodity derivatives exchange which is part of the EEX Group.As part of this collaboration  Deutsche Börse will provide access to a broad range of futures & options data in US energy and environmental markets through its proven data platform and vendor network.This offering will include major power hubs across the United States as well as renewable energy certificates  carbon emission allowances  voluntary carbon credits  and renewable fuel credits. In over 70 environmental markets  Nodal Exchange offers the world’s largest set of environmental futures and options contracts and holds the majority of open interest in US power futures markets.This partnership will make Nodal Exchange’s real-time and end-of-day market data available to a broader audience and address the demand of market participants to receive data through established channel partnerships. Deutsche Börse will act as additional licensor of Nodal’s information products which can be licensed under Deutsche Börse’s Market Data Dissemination Agreement.Nodal Exchange will also be making its real-time market data available via Deutsche Börse’s direct data feed CEF® Core. The integration of Nodal’s market data into Deutsche Börse’s CEF Core data feed ensures efficient and cost-effective access for subscribers.The partnership is scheduled to go live on 1 May 2024  marking a significant step forward in improving accessibility and efficiency in commodity derivatives trading.“Our partnership with Nodal represents a significant milestone for us and our customers  as it allows us to further expand our broad range of premium market data ” said Alireza Dorfard  Head of Market Data + Services at Deutsche Börse.“Nodal Exchange is pleased to be collaborating with Deutsche Börse to provide access to Nodal market data to an expanded audience of market participants globally ” said Paul Cusenza  Chairman and CEO of Nodal Exchange. “We are happy to be able to extend access to better support the global energy and environmental markets.”,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'market data', 'Nodal Exchange', 'leading North American commodity derivatives exchange', 'Market Data Dissemination Agreement', 'CEF Core data feed', 'commodity derivatives trading', 'US power futures markets', 'major power hubs', 'direct data feed', 'Deutsche Börse', 'carbon emission allowances', 'voluntary carbon credits', 'renewable fuel credits', 'proven data platform', 'day market data', 'real-time market data', 'premium market data', 'Market Data +', 'renewable energy certificates', 'Nodal market data', 'CEF® Core', 'US energy', 'options data', 'market participants', 'environmental markets', 'Nodal Exchange', 'environmental futures', 'global energy', 'EEX Group', 'broad range', 'vendor network', 'United States', 'largest set', 'options contracts', 'open interest', 'broader audience', 'channel partnerships', 'additional licensor', 'information products', 'significant step', 'significant milestone', 'Alireza Dorfard', 'expanded audience', 'Paul Cusenza', 'cost-effective access', 'Source', 'collaboration', 'offering', 'world', 'majority', 'demand', 'integration', 'efficient', 'subscribers', '1 May', 'accessibility', 'efficiency', 'customers', 'Head', 'Services', 'Chairman', 'CEO']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,finextra.com
39801,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/44049/deutsche-brse-backs-private-market-trading-platform-forge-for-european-launch,Deutsche Börse backs private market trading platform Forge for European launch,Forge  the operator of a marketplace fo trading in private companies  has launched in Europe with the support of Deutsche Börse. Forge Global has targeted Europe as the number of unicorn companies located on the continent and in the UK grows. The company ...,Forge  the operator of a marketplace for trading in private companies  has launched in Europe with the support of Deutsche Börse.Forge Global has targeted Europe as the number of unicorn companies located on the continent and in the UK grows. The company says its platform has seen the proportion of private market transactions with international buyers or sellers increase over time to 26% in 2024  up from about 13% in 2018.Kelly Rodriques  CEO of Forge Global  says: “With over $14 billion traded on our platform in more than 500 private companies including Klarna and Spotify (now public)  as well as our Forge Pro trading management solution and the Forge Private Market Index  Forge Europe is integrated into one of the largest global marketplaces for private company share trading in the world. We are confident that we have the right team  at the right time  to accelerate access to this asset class in Europe.”With operational hubs in Berlin  Germany  integrated within the Deutsche Börse network  as well as in London  UK  Forge Europe has now closed its first trades in cooperation with local partners and is planning to further expand across Europe into DACH and France.Eric Leupold  head of cash markets at Deutsche Börse says: “With the maturing European tech ecosystem and the continued growth of investment in private companies over the past decade it has become clear to us that there is a need for an efficient  data driven and technology-enabled marketplace for the trading of private company shares in Europe.”“With Forge’s strong track record in the US and Deutsche Börse’s extensive experience in operating trusted and scalable market infrastructure  I am confident that Forge Europe will be the pioneer in addressing the late-stage and pre-IPO liquidity needs of private companies and investors in Europe  thereby strengthening the tech ecosystem.”,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.64,0.34,0.02,True,English,"['private market trading platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'European launch', 'Forge', 'Forge Pro trading management solution', 'maturing European tech ecosystem', 'Deutsche Börse network', 'Forge Private Market Index', 'private company share trading', 'scalable market infrastructure', 'private market transactions', 'efficient, data driven', 'strong track record', 'pre-IPO liquidity needs', 'private company shares', 'largest global marketplaces', 'private companies', 'Forge Global', 'unicorn companies', 'international buyers', 'Kelly Rodriques', 'right team', 'asset class', 'operational hubs', 'first trades', 'local partners', 'Eric Leupold', 'cash markets', 'continued growth', 'past decade', 'extensive experience', 'Forge Europe', 'right time', 'technology-enabled marketplace', 'operator', 'support', 'number', 'continent', 'UK', 'platform', 'proportion', 'sellers', 'CEO', 'Klarna', 'Spotify', 'world', 'access', 'Berlin', 'Germany', 'London', 'cooperation', 'DACH', 'France', 'head', 'investment', 'US', 'pioneer', 'late-stage', 'investors']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,finextra.com
39802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868287/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-on-2024-first-quarter-trading.html,Heineken N.V. reports on 2024 first-quarter trading,Amsterdam  24 April 2024 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2024.                   ...,"Amsterdam  24 April 2024 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2024.Key HighlightsRevenue €8 184 million  up 7.2%Net revenue (beia) organic growth 9.4%; per hectolitre 4.9%Beer volume organic growth 4.7%Premium beer volume organic growth 7.3%Heineken ® volume growth 12.9%volume growth 12.9% Gross merchandise value captured via eB2B platforms +17%Outlook for the full year unchanged; operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically low- to high-single-digit.CEO StatementDolf van den Brink  Chairman of the Executive Board / CEO  commented:""As we maintained focus on our EverGreen priorities  we had an encouraging start to 2024. All regions grew volume and net revenue  and we continued to see a sequential improvement in the performance of the business  growing in line or ahead of the category in the majority of our markets. This quarter was boosted by an earlier Easter and cycling negative one-off effects from last year. Top-line delivery was well-balanced between volume and value as more markets returned to volume growth and our underlying premiumisation trends remained strong.Heineken® accelerated its growth to 12.9% in volume globally and became the #1 brand by value in Brazil. Our Low & No-Alcohol (LONO) portfolio grew volume in the mid-teens  led by the strong growth of Heineken® 0.0  further strengthening our global leadership position in the segment. Our eB2B platforms captured €2.7 billion in gross merchandise value this quarter  17% more than last year. Continuing our journey to net zero  we opened a large scale solar thermal plant in Spain featuring cutting-edge technology.We continue to see the economic environment as challenging and uncertain  and will remain agile and focused. We will continue to invest behind our brands  innovations  commercial capabilities and route-to-consumer. Our full year expectations remain unchanged.""Driving Superior GrowthThroughout this report figures refer to quarterly performance unless otherwise indicated.Revenue in the first quarter was €8.2 billion  up 7.2%. Net revenue (beia) was €6.8 billion  up 9.4% organically. Total consolidated volume increased 4.3% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre was up 4.9%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis increased by 6.0%  mainly driven by pricing and in line with inflation.Currency translation reduced net revenue (beia) by €294 million or 4.6%  mainly driven by the devaluation of currencies in Africa  particularly the Nigerian Naira  and partially offset by a stronger Mexican Peso and Brazilian Real. Consolidation changes in net revenue (beia) contributed €164 million  driven by the integration of Distell and Namibia Breweries and partially offset by the sale of Vrumona in the Netherlands and our exit from Russia.IFRS Measures € million Total growth BEIA Measures1 € million Organic growth Revenue 8 184 7.2% Revenue (beia) 8 184 8.8% Net revenue 6 847 7.3% Net revenue (beia) 6 847 9.4%1. Consolidated figures are used throughout this report  unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the Glossary for an explanation of non-GAAP measures and other terms. Page 5 includes a reconciliation versus IFRS metrics. These non-GAAP measures are included in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Executive Board of HEINEKEN  as management believes that this measurement is the most relevant in evaluating the results and in performance management.Beer volume increased 4.7% organically with growth in all regions  a sequential improvement in the performance of the business  boosted by calendar and one-off effects. In particular  the Americas and Europe regions benefitted from the earlier timing of Easter and the Africa & Middle East and Asia Pacific regions from a soft comparable base last year due to one-off effects in Vietnam and Nigeria.Beer volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 1Q24 Organic growth Heineken N.V. 54.8 55.4 4.7% Africa & Middle East 9.0 7.4 3.5% Americas 20.3 21.4 5.0% Asia Pacific 10.3 11.3 9.4% Europe 15.2 15.3 1.6%Driving premiumisation at scale  led by Heineken®Premium beer volume grew by 7.3%  outperforming the total beer portfolio. The strong momentum in premiumisation was led by Heineken® and its line extensions  complemented by our international and local premium brands  including Tiger  Desperados  Birra Moretti and Kingfisher Ultra.Heineken® grew volume by 12.9%  with double-digit growth in more than 30 markets. Heineken® 0.0 grew volume in the high-teens  with double-digit growth in all regions  led by Brazil  Vietnam and China. Heineken® Silver grew volume by more than 50%  led by Vietnam and China.Heineken® volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 1Q24 Organic growth Heineken N.V. 12.2 13.8 12.9% Africa & Middle East 1.3 1.3 -0.3% Americas 5.4 6.0 10.6% Asia Pacific 2.3 3.2 38.8% Europe 3.1 3.2 3.2%Build a future-fit digital route-to-consumerWe continued to expand our business-to-business digital (eB2B) platforms. In the first quarter our platforms captured €2.7 billion in gross merchandise value (GMV)  an increase of 17% versus last year  connecting more than 640 000 active customers in fragmented  traditional channels  up 28% compared to last year. We continue to build capabilities to enable better features at scale  resulting in an improved customer experience and better performance  helping customers to grow their business.Business OutlookWe continue to see the economic environment as challenging and uncertain  and will remain agile and focused on strengthening our business in line with our EverGreen strategy. Despite the solid start to the year  we cannot extrapolate the reported top-line growth to the rest of the year. As planned  we will increase our investment behind our brands  innovations  commercial capabilities and route-to-consumer. All in all  we continue to expect operating profit (beia) to grow organically by a low- to high-single-digit and net profit (beia) organic growth lower than the operating profit (beia) organic growth.EnquiriesMedia Investors Joris Evers José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Director of Investor Relations Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communication Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor conference call with Harold van den Broek  Chief Financial Officer  in relation to its First Quarter 2024 Trading Update at 14:00 CET/13:00 GMT. The call will be audio cast live via the company’s website: www.theheinekencompany.com . An audio replay service will also be made available after the conference call at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom: +44 203 936 2999Netherlands: +31 85 888 7233United States: +1 646 787 9445All other locations: +44 203 936 2999For the full list of dial in numbers  please refer to the following link: Global Dial-In NumbersParticipation password for all countries: 655905Editorial informationHEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 350 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 90 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter and Instagram .Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.28,0.24,True,English,"['Heineken N.V.', '2024 first-quarter trading', 'large scale solar thermal plant', 'Dolf van den Brink', 'Premium beer volume organic growth', 'global leadership position', 'constant geographic basis', 'stronger Mexican Peso', 'soft comparable base', 'local premium brands', 'fit digital route', 'total beer portfolio', 'Gross merchandise value', 'underlying premiumisation trends', 'internal management reports', 'Driving Superior Growth', 'Heineken N.V.', 'Organic growth Revenue', 'full year expectations', 'negative one-off effects', 'Total consolidated volume', 'Asia Pacific regions', 'Heineken ® volume growth', 'Total growth', 'LONO) portfolio', 'Consolidated figures', 'Driving premiumisation', 'strong growth', 'double-digit growth', 'last year', 'trading update', 'Key Highlights', 'operating profit', 'Executive Board', 'EverGreen priorities', 'encouraging start', 'sequential improvement', 'Top-line delivery', 'cutting-edge technology', 'economic environment', 'commercial capabilities', 'Price mix', 'Currency translation', 'Nigerian Naira', 'Brazilian Real', 'Consolidation changes', 'Namibia Breweries', 'IFRS Measures', 'GAAP measures', 'other terms', 'IFRS metrics', 'earlier timing', 'Middle East', 'strong momentum', 'Birra Moretti', 'Kingfisher Ultra', 'Net revenue', 'Heineken® volume', 'Heineken® Silver', 'first quarter', 'eB2B platforms', 'business digital', 'eB2B) platforms', 'CEO Statement', 'earlier Easter', 'report figures', 'quarterly performance', 'performance management', 'line extensions', 'BEIA Measures1', 'Europe regions', 'Amsterdam', '24 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'hectolitre', 'Outlook', 'single-digit', 'Chairman', 'focus', 'category', 'majority', 'markets', 'Low', 'No-Alcohol', 'mid-teens', 'segment', 'journey', 'Spain', 'innovations', 'consumer', 'pricing', 'inflation', 'devaluation', 'currencies', 'Africa', 'integration', 'Distell', 'sale', 'Vrumona', 'Netherlands', 'exit', 'Russia', 'Glossary', 'explanation', 'Page', 'reconciliation', 'measurement', 'results', 'calendar', 'Americas', 'Vietnam', 'mhl', 'international', 'Tiger', 'Desperados', 'high-teens', 'China', 'future', 'GMV', 'increase']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868295/0/en/Heineken-Holding-N-V-reports-on-2024-first-quarter-trading.html,Heineken Holding N.V. reports on 2024 first-quarter trading,Amsterdam  24 April 2024 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2024.        Key......,"Amsterdam  24 April 2024 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2024.Key HighlightsRevenue €8 184 million  up 7.2%Net revenue (beia) organic growth 9.4%; per hectolitre 4.9%Beer volume organic growth 4.7%Premium beer volume organic growth 7.3%Heineken ® volume growth 12.9%volume growth 12.9% Gross merchandise value captured via eB2B platforms +17%Outlook for the full year unchanged; operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically low- to high-single-digit.Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.Financial SummaryThroughout this report figures refer to quarterly performance unless otherwise indicated.Revenue in the first quarter was €8.2 billion  up 7.2%. Net revenue (beia) was €6.8 billion  up 9.4% organically. Total consolidated volume increased 4.3% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre was up 4.9%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis increased by 6.0%  mainly driven by pricing and in line with inflation.Currency translation reduced net revenue (beia) by €294 million or 4.6%  mainly driven by the devaluation of currencies in Africa  particularly the Nigerian Naira  and partially offset by a stronger Mexican Peso and Brazilian Real. Consolidation changes in net revenue (beia) contributed €164 million  driven by the integration of Distell and Namibia Breweries and partially offset by the sale of Vrumona in the Netherlands and HEINEKEN's exit from Russia.IFRS Measures € million Total growth BEIA Measures1 € million Organic growth Revenue 8 184 7.2% Revenue (beia) 8 184 8.8% Net revenue 6 847 7.3% Net revenue (beia) 6 847 9.4%1. Consolidated figures are used throughout this report  unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the Glossary for an explanation of non-GAAP measures and other terms. Page 2 includes a reconciliation versus IFRS metrics. These non-GAAP measures are included in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Executive Board of Heineken N.V.  as management believes that this measurement is the most relevant in evaluating the results and in performance management.Beer volume increased 4.7% organically with growth in all regions  a sequential improvement in the performance of the business  boosted by calendar and one-off effects. In particular  the Americas and Europe regions benefitted from the earlier timing of Easter and the Africa & Middle East and Asia Pacific regions from a soft comparable base last year due to one-off effects in Vietnam and Nigeria.Beer volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 1Q24 Organic growth Heineken N.V. 54.8 55.4 4.7%Premium beer volume grew by 7.3%  outperforming the total beer portfolio. The strong momentum in premiumisation was led by Heineken® and its line extensions  complemented by HEINEKEN's international and local premium brands  including Tiger  Desperados  Birra Moretti and Kingfisher Ultra.Heineken® grew volume by 12.9%  with double-digit growth in more than 30 markets. Heineken® 0.0 grew volume in the high-teens  with double-digit growth in all regions  led by Brazil  Vietnam and China. Heineken® Silver grew volume by more than 50%  led by Vietnam and China.Heineken® volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 1Q24 Organic growth Heineken N.V. 12.2 13.8 12.9%OutlookHEINEKEN continues to see the economic environment as challenging and uncertain  and HEINEKEN will remain agile and focused on strengthening its business in line with its EverGreen strategy. Despite the solid start to the year  HEINEKEN cannot extrapolate the reported top-line growth to the rest of the year. As planned  HEINEKEN will increase its investment behind its brands  innovations  commercial capabilities and route-to-consumer. All in all  HEINEKEN continues to expect operating profit (beia) to grow organically by a low- to high-single-digit and net profit (beia) organic growth lower than the operating profit (beia) organic growth.Translational Currency Calculated ImpactBased on the impact to date  and applying spot rates of 22 April 2024 to the 2023 financial results as a baseline for the remainder of the year  the calculated negative currency translational impact for the full year of 2024 would be approximately €640 million in net revenue (beia)  €90 million at operating profit (beia) and positive €20 million at net profit (beia).Reconciliation of non-GAAP measuresIn internal managerial reports  HEINEKEN uses the metrics net revenue (beia) and net revenue (beia) organic growth.Reconciliation net revenue (beia) and net revenue (beia) organic growth 1Q22 Reported Eia Beia Currency translation Consolidation impact Organic Growth Organic Growth % Revenue 6 989 — 6 989 200 432 1 213 23.6% Excise tax expense -1 236 — -1 236 -13 -243 -142 -17.0% Net revenue 5 753 — 5 753 186 189 1 071 24.9% 1Q23 Reported Eia Beia Currency translation Consolidation impact Organic Growth Organic Growth % Revenue 7 632 -1 7 631 89 12 540 7.7% Excise tax expense -1 253 — -1 253 14 -3 -28 -2.3% Net revenue 6 379 -1 6 378 103 10 512 8.9% 1Q24 Reported Eia Beia Currency translation Consolidation impact Organic Growth Organic Growth % Revenue 8 184 — 8 184 -328 209 672 8.8% Excise tax expense -1 337 — -1 337 34 -45 -73 -5.8% Net revenue 6 847 — 6 847 -294 164 599 9.4%Note: due to rounding  this table will not always castEnquiriesMedia Heineken Holding N.V. Kees Jongsma tel. +31 6 54 79 82 53 E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nl Media Investors Joris Evers José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Director of Investor Relations Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communication Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor conference call with Harold van den Broek  Chief Financial Officer  in relation to its First Quarter 2024 Trading Update at 14:00 CET/13:00 GMT. This call will also be accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders. The call will be audio cast live via the website: www.theheinekencompany.com. An audio replay service will also be made available after the conference call at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom: +44 203 936 2999Netherlands: +31 85 888 7233United States: +1 646 787 9445All other locations: +44 203 936 2999For the full list of dial in numbers  please refer to the following link: Global Dial-In NumbersParticipation password for all countries: 655905Editorial information:Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 350 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 90 000 employees  HEINEKEN brews the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. HEINEKEN's dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN operates breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on the websites: www.heinekenholding.com and www.theHEINEKENcompany.com and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn   Twitter and Instagram .Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.46,0.53,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', '2024 first-quarter trading', 'Eia Beia Currency translation Consolidation impact', 'Translational Currency Calculated Impact', 'negative currency translational impact', 'Premium beer volume organic growth', 'Organic Growth Organic Growth % Revenue', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Gross merchandise value', 'constant geographic basis', 'stronger Mexican Peso', 'soft comparable base', 'low- to high-single-digit', 'internal managerial reports', 'total beer portfolio', 'local premium brands', 'Heineken N.V.', 'Organic growth Revenue', 'internal management reports', 'Asia Pacific regions', 'Total consolidated volume', 'Heineken ® volume growth', 'Excise tax expense', 'metrics net revenue', 'Consolidation changes', 'Reconciliation net revenue', 'Total growth', 'double-digit growth', 'top-line growth', 'Consolidated figures', 'IFRS metrics', 'Heineken® volume', 'net profit', 'trading update', 'first quarter', 'Key Highlights', 'eB2B platforms', 'operating profit', 'participating interest', 'Financial Summary', 'Price mix', 'Nigerian Naira', 'Brazilian Real', 'Namibia Breweries', 'IFRS Measures', 'GAAP measures', 'other terms', 'Executive Board', 'sequential improvement', 'one-off effects', 'earlier timing', 'Middle East', 'strong momentum', 'Birra Moretti', 'Kingfisher Ultra', 'economic environment', 'EverGreen strategy', 'solid start', 'commercial capabilities', 'spot rates', 'Heineken® Silver', 'Europe regions', 'BEIA Measures1', 'quarterly performance', 'report figures', '2023 financial results', 'performance management', 'full year', 'line extensions', 'Amsterdam', '24 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'hectolitre', 'Outlook', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'pricing', 'inflation', 'devaluation', 'currencies', 'Africa', 'integration', 'Distell', 'sale', 'Vrumona', 'Netherlands', 'exit', 'Russia', 'Glossary', 'explanation', 'Page', 'measurement', 'business', 'calendar', 'Americas', 'Easter', 'Vietnam', 'mhl', 'premiumisation', 'international', 'Tiger', 'Desperados', '30 markets', 'high-teens', 'China', 'investment', 'innovations', 'consumer', '22 April', 'baseline', 'remainder']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7505263375195168,Biophytis Announces Transfer of ADSs to OTC Market,ADSs delisted from Nasdaq  which will result in meaningful savings      ADSs transferred to OTC Pink market; Company will apply to trade on OTCQB market      Biophytis remains listed on Euronext Growth Paris as its primary trading market      PARIS  FR...,"Biophytis Announces Transfer of ADSs to OTC MarketADSs delisted from Nasdaq  which will result in meaningful savingsADSs transferred to OTC Pink market; Company will apply to trade on OTCQB marketBiophytis remains listed on Euronext Growth Paris as its primary trading marketPARIS  FRANCE AND CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / April 24  2024 / Biophytis SA (Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in thedevelopment oftherapeutics for age-related diseases  today announced that on April 24  2024  the Company received formal notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (""Nasdaq"") that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the ""Panel"") had determined to delist the Company's American Depositary Shares(""ADSs"") from The Nasdaq Capital Market based upon the Company's non-compliance with the stockholders' equity requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b). As a result of the Panel's decision  Nasdaq will suspend trading in the Company's ADSs effective with the opening of business on Friday  April 26  2024  and file a Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") to effect the formal delisting of the Company's ADSs from The Nasdaq Capital Market once all applicable Nasdaq appeal and review periods have expired.The Company anticipates that  concurrent with the suspension of trading of its ADSs on Nasdaq  the Company's ADSs will begin trading on the OTC Markets' OTC Pink Current Information tier under the current symbol ""BPTS"" while it applies to trade on the higher-tier OTCQB market. The Company expects that this transfer will meaningfully reduce its ongoing costs of being a publicly-traded company.The Company's ordinary shares remain listed on Euronext Growth Paris as the primary trading market and the Company intends to continue its public disclosures in compliance with applicable French financial market regulations.About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of drug candidates for age-related diseases. BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone)  our lead drug candidate  is a small molecule in development for muscular (sarcopenia  phase 3 ready and Duchenne muscular dystrophy)  respiratory (Covid-19 phase 2-3 completed) and metabolic diseases (obesity  phase 2 to be started). The company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and the ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040). For more information  visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook """"believes """"expects """"potential """"continues """"may """"will """"should """"could """"seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable.However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward- looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face» section from the Company's 2023 FinancialReport available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis contactsInvestor relationsNicolas Fellmann  CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMediaAntoine Denry: antoine.denry@taddeo.fr- +33 6 18 07 83 27Nizar Berrada: nizar.berrada@taddeo.fr - +33 6 38 31 90 50SOURCE: BiophytisView the original press release on accesswire.com",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.25,0.57,True,English,"['OTC Market', 'Biophytis', 'Transfer', 'ADSs', ""OTC Markets' OTC Pink Current Information tier"", 'applicable French financial market regulations', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC', 'OTC Pink market', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'applicable Nasdaq appeal', ""stockholders' equity requirement"", 'higher-tier OTCQB market', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'American Depositary Shares', 'lead drug candidate', 'primary trading market', 'Duchenne muscular dystrophy', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'original press release', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Hearings Panel', 'other comparable words', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'current symbol', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'drug candidates', 'important factors', 'other forms', 'The Company', 'meaningful savings', 'age-related diseases', 'formal notice', 'Exchange Commission', 'formal delisting', 'review periods', 'ongoing costs', 'public disclosures', 'BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone', 'small molecule', 'metabolic diseases', 'historical facts', 'negative version', 'actual outcomes', 'future developments', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Fellmann', 'various risks', 'Nizar Berrada', 'Biophytis SA', 'BIOPHYTIS website', 'Biophytis contacts', 'Ticker BPTS', 'Antoine Denry', 'Transfer', 'ADSs', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ALBPS', 'thedevelopment', 'oftherapeutics', 'non', 'compliance', 'result', 'decision', 'opening', 'business', 'Friday', 'Securities', 'suspension', 'sarcopenia', 'respiratory', 'Covid-19', 'obesity', 'phase', 'Massachusetts', 'ISIN', 'Disclaimer', 'cases', 'outlook', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'predicts', 'trends', 'plans', 'anticipates', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', '2023 FinancialReport', 'USA', 'obligation', 'law', 'CFO', 'Investors', 'Media', 'taddeo', 'SOURCE']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,investorsobserver.com
39805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/4732926533160937,Kalray Joins Arm Total Design  Extending Collaboration With Arm on Accelerated AI Processing,By joining forces with industry leaders in the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray is helping more companies integrate its AI and data-processing solution into their next-generation chips.               Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)    a leading...,Kalray Joins Arm Total Design  Extending Collaboration With Arm on Accelerated AI ProcessingBy joining forces with industry leaders in the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray is helping more companies integrate its AI and data-processing solution into their next-generation chips.Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software solutions to accelerate data intensive workflows from Cloud to Edge  announced that it has extended its collaboration with Arm by joining Arm Total Design. Through a deeper connection to industry leaders who are leveraging Arm® Neoverse™ Compute Subsystems (CSS)  Kalray can help more companies integrate its unique AI and data acceleration technology and help Arm ecosystem partners commercialize AI-based solutions in a fraction of the time and cost usually needed.Arm Total Design helps accelerate and simplify the delivery of custom silicon based on Arm Neoverse CSS and has grown to more than 20 partners  including the top three leading foundries  ASIC design houses  IP vendors  EDA tool providers  and firmware developers who are driving leading-edge innovation.Kalray is already working to integrate Arm Coherent Mesh Network (CMN) technology to help easily connect Kalray’s advanced AI and data processing acceleration solution to Arm Neoverse CSS.As a member of the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray can move swiftly with the latest Arm technologies and thus ease the access to Kalray’s advanced AI and data processing capabilities to adopters of Arm Neoverse technology – and in doing so  facilitate their rollout of AI across numerous use cases and industries.“ The proliferation of AI has led to an unprecedented demand for more compute power and flexibility  which is a driving force behind the momentum of Arm Neoverse in the data center and beyond ” said Eddie Ramirez  vice president of go-to-market  Infrastructure Line of Business  Arm. “ Kalray is bringing its expertise in AI acceleration and efficient data processing to the Arm Total Design ecosystem  enabling partners to more easily integrate these capabilities as they build custom silicon solutions to maximize performance and efficiency .”“ AI workloads are exerting profound changes in the semi-conductor industry with their insatiable demand for data processing  ” said Eric Baissus  Kalray CEO. “ Kalray is proud to be among the best of the best in the industry as part of the Arm Total Design ecosystem. We look forward to helping more technology players to use the AI and data acceleration capabilities of Kalray’s DPU technology so they can deliver innovative AI processing solutions across the industry.”ABOUT KALRAYKalray is a technology innovator specializing in software and hardware solutions to accelerate data-intensive workflows in Media & Entertainment  High-Performance Computing  and Artificial Intelligence. Our comprehensive product range features ngenea  a leading data acceleration platform  as well as accelerated data processing cards for storage and compute.With Kalray solutions  customers can scale their infrastructures to efficiently meet the performance and capacity needs of data-intensive tasks  all without being tied to specific data formats or vendors.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off from the French CEA research lab  Kalray has corporate and financial backing from notable investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors  and Bpifrance. Committed to innovation and excellence  we strive to deliver value to our customers  developers  and the planet through technology and expertise.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240423881370/en/INVESTOR CONTACTSEric BAISSUScontactinvestisseurs@kalrayinc.comPhone +33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationAnne-Pauline PETUREAUXkalray@actus.frPhone + 33 1 53 67 36 72PRESS CONTACTSPenta STANLEYcommunication@kalrayinc.comPhone +44 7939 877 880Mary Kae MarinacPR Representative for Kalraymk@mkmarinac.comPhone +1 978-685-3136ACTUS Finance & CommunicationSerena BONIsboni@actus.frPhone +33 4 72 18 04 92,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Accelerated AI Processing', 'Arm Total Design', 'Kalray', 'Collaboration', 'French CEA research lab', 'top three leading foundries', 'PRESS CONTACTS Penta STANLEY', 'Arm Coherent Mesh Network', 'Arm Total Design ecosystem', 'leading data acceleration platform', 'data processing acceleration solution', 'Arm® Neoverse™ Compute Subsystems', 'innovative AI processing solutions', 'ASIC design houses', 'efficient data processing', 'data processing cards', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'EDA tool providers', 'numerous use cases', 'comprehensive product range', 'specific data formats', 'Mary Kae Marinac', 'Serena BONI sboni', 'latest Arm technologies', 'data acceleration capabilities', 'data intensive workflows', 'data processing capabilities', 'Arm ecosystem partners', 'data acceleration technology', 'Arm Neoverse CSS', 'Arm Neoverse technology', 'Accelerated AI Processing', 'Eric BAISSUS contactinvestisseurs', 'custom silicon solutions', 'leading provider', 'AI acceleration', 'data-processing solution', 'data center', 'INVESTOR CONTACTS', 'AI-based solutions', 'data-intensive workflows', 'compute power', 'CMN) technology', 'technology players', 'DPU technology', 'technology innovator', 'next-generation chips', 'software solutions', 'deeper connection', 'unprecedented demand', 'driving force', 'Eddie Ramirez', 'vice president', 'Infrastructure Line', 'profound changes', 'insatiable demand', 'hardware solutions', 'High-Performance Computing', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'capacity needs', 'data-intensive tasks', 'financial backing', 'notable investors', 'Alliance Venture', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'source version', 'Anne-Pauline PETUREAUX', 'PR Representative', 'unique AI', 'advanced AI', 'AI workloads', 'Kalray solutions', 'industry leaders', 'semi-conductor industry', 'IP vendors', 'firmware developers', 'leading-edge innovation', 'ACTUS Finance', 'Kalray CEO', 'Kalray mk', '20 partners', 'Collaboration', 'forces', 'companies', 'ALKAL', 'Cloud', 'fraction', 'time', 'cost', 'delivery', 'member', 'access', 'adopters', 'rollout', 'industries', 'proliferation', 'flexibility', 'momentum', 'market', 'Business', 'expertise', 'efficiency', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'ngenea', 'storage', 'customers', 'infrastructures', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'Bpifrance', 'excellence', 'value', 'planet', 'news', 'kalrayinc', 'Phone', 'Communication', 'mkmarinac']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,investorsobserver.com
39806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HAMILTON-GLOBAL-OPPORTUNI-122045432/news/Hamilton-Global-Opportunities-plc-Announces-the-Transfer-of-Its-Shares-to-the-Public-Offer-Com-46518745/,Hamilton Global Opportunities plc Announces the Transfer of Its Shares to the “Public Offer” Compartment of Euronext Growth® Paris,(marketscreener.com) The transfer will make Hamilton Global Opportunities shares available to retail investorshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HAMILTON-GLOBAL-OPPORTUNI-122045432/news/Hamilton-Global-Opportunities-plc-Announces-the-Transfer-of-…,"The transfer will make Hamilton Global Opportunities shares available to retail investorsRegulatory News:Hamilton Global Opportunities plc (GB00BMDXQ672 - ALHGO) (Paris:ALHGO). announces that it has received approval from Euronext Paris for the transfer of its shares from the “Private placement” compartment to the “Public offer” compartment of Euronext Growth® Paris. As a result  retail investors will be able to acquire Hamilton Global Opportunities plc shares and participate in trading the stock.Private equity company focusing on investments in Tech  Fintech and MedTech principally in the United States and Israel  Hamilton Global Opportunities plc has been listed on Euronext Growth® Paris since since April 26  2021. The company has since made 3 major investments  in Exos Financial (Fintech)  Miami International Holdings (Fintech) and the Israeli company Gauzy (Nanotechnologies/Smart Glass).Gustavo Perrotta  Founder and CEO of Hamilton Global Opportunities  declares:""After three years of listing on Euronext Growth  the Company has demonstrated that it is now ready to welcome individual shareholders to its capital. Hamilton will thus benefit from enhanced status and greater liquidity. In return  it will give retail investors on the Euronext Growth Paris market access to an investment vehicle in an extremely buoyant sector that is rarely open to them today.”About Hamilton Global Opportunities:Hamilton Global Opportunities PLC (“HGO”) is an investment company listed on the Euronext Growth Market in Paris (ALHGO) focusing on investments in Tech  Fintech and MedTech principally in the United States and Israel. The HGO management team has significant relevant experience in structuring direct investments in the areas above mentioned. For more information  please visit: hamiltongo.euView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424687838/en/",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.61,0.38,0.02,True,English,"['Hamilton Global Opportunities plc', 'Public Offer” Compartment', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'Transfer', 'Shares', 'Hamilton Global Opportunities plc shares', 'Euronext Growth Paris market access', 'Hamilton Global Opportunities shares', 'The HGO management team', 'Euronext Growth Market', 'Miami International Holdings', 'significant relevant experience', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'Public offer” compartment', 'Israeli company Gauzy', 'Private equity company', 'Euronext Paris', 'Private placement', 'retail investors', 'United States', 'Exos Financial', 'Nanotechnologies/Smart Glass', 'Gustavo Perrotta', 'three years', 'individual shareholders', 'enhanced status', 'greater liquidity', 'investment vehicle', 'buoyant sector', 'investment company', 'source version', 'Regulatory News', '3 major investments', 'direct investments', 'transfer', 'GB00BMDXQ672', 'ALHGO', 'approval', 'result', 'stock', 'Fintech', 'MedTech', 'April', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'listing', 'capital', 'return', 'areas', 'information', 'hamiltongo', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/ipsen-delivers-strong-sales-in-the-first-quarter-of-2024-driven-by-growth-platforms-new-medicines-and-confirms-its-full-year-guidance,Ipsen delivers strong sales in the first quarter of 2024  driven by growth platforms & new medicines  and confirms its full-year guidance,PARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2024 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents its sales for the first quarter of 2024.        Q1 2024   Q1 2023   % change   €m   €m   Actual CER1 Growth platforms2 509.7 45…,PARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2024 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents its sales for the first quarter of 2024.        Q1 2024   Q1 2023   % change   €m   €m   Actual CER1 Growth platforms2 509.7 45…,neutral,0.34,0.65,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['strong sales', 'first quarter', 'growth platforms', 'new medicines', 'full-year guidance', 'Ipsen', 'global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company', 'Actual CER1 Growth platforms2', 'first quarter', 'Q1 2023\u202f\xa0 % change', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '24 April', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'sales']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,financialpost.com
39808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46510187/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 24-Apr-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST24 April 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 23rd of April 2024 it purch…,"24 April 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 23rd of April 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 60 000 40 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6160 £1.3860 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.5860 £1.3660 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6002 £1.3768The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 647 951 805 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 2 101 1.5960 XDUB 08:55:45 00028822049TRDU1 2 309 1.5960 XDUB 08:55:45 00028822048TRDU1 325 1.5960 XDUB 08:55:45 00028822047TRDU1 3 686 1.5900 XDUB 09:41:19 00028822394TRDU1 1 021 1.5900 XDUB 09:41:19 00028822393TRDU1 2 352 1.5860 XDUB 10:01:31 00028822517TRDU1 4 980 1.5900 XDUB 10:53:33 00028822762TRDU1 5 381 1.6040 XDUB 12:04:13 00028823243TRDU1 1 243 1.6000 XDUB 12:55:05 00028823526TRDU1 1 800 1.6000 XDUB 12:55:05 00028823525TRDU1 1 728 1.6000 XDUB 12:55:05 00028823524TRDU1 2 364 1.5980 XDUB 13:30:10 00028824224TRDU1 2 629 1.6040 XDUB 14:19:00 00028824600TRDU1 5 518 1.6000 XDUB 14:20:35 00028824607TRDU1 1 427 1.6000 XDUB 14:20:35 00028824605TRDU1 2 626 1.6000 XDUB 15:04:57 00028825266TRDU1 4 941 1.6020 XDUB 15:18:23 00028825523TRDU1 1 633 1.6020 XDUB 15:18:23 00028825522TRDU1 4 890 1.6060 XDUB 15:42:29 00028826080TRDU1 2 632 1.6080 XDUB 16:02:31 00028826847TRDU1 4 414 1.6160 XDUB 16:23:19 00028827361TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '647,951,805 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', '24 April', '23rd', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028822049TRDU1', '00028822048TRDU1', '00028822047TRDU1', '00028822394TRDU1', '00028822393TRDU1', '00028822762TRDU1', '00028823243TRDU1', '00028823526TRDU1', '00028823525TRDU1', '00028823524TRDU1', '00028824224TRDU1', '00028824600TRDU1', '00028824607TRDU1', '00028824605TRDU1', '00028825266TRDU1', '00028825523TRDU1', '00028825522TRDU1', '00028826080TRDU1', '00028826847TRDU1', '00028827361TRDU1']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/SosTravel-com-not-renewing-with-Finnat-new-EGA-and-specialist-soon-46519185/,SosTravel.com not renewing with Finnat  new EGA and specialist soon,(marketscreener.com) SosTravel.com Spa announced Wednesday that it will not renew its contracts with Banca Finnat for the positions of Euronext Growth Advisors and specialist operator. The company indicated that negotiations are already at an advanced stage f…,(Alliance News) - SosTravel.com Spa announced Wednesday that it will not renew its contracts with Banca Finnat for the positions of Euronext Growth Advisors and specialist operator.The company indicated that negotiations are already at an advanced stage for the appointment of the new EGA and specialist.SosTravel.com's stock closed Wednesday up 1.3 percent at EUR1.19 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,True,English,"['new EGA', 'SosTravel', 'Finnat', 'specialist', '2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Euronext Growth Advisors', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'SosTravel.com Spa', 'Banca Finnat', 'advanced stage', 'new EGA', 'specialist operator', 'contracts', 'positions', 'company', 'negotiations', 'appointment', 'stock', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-ANSWERS-TO-QUESTIONS-RECEIVED-BEFORE-THE-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-P-46516814/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS RECEIVED BEFORE THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING PURSUANT TO ART. 127-TER (LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998) ARE AVAILABLE,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  anno…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces that questions received from Shareholders on items about the agenda of the Shareholders' Meeting convened on April 29 and 30  2024  in first and second call respectively  together with the related answers  are available on the Company's website www.tipspa.itunder section ""Corporate Governance /Shareholders meeting/Documents"".Milan  April 24  2024TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW AND WITH A LONG- TERM APPROACH. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  APOTECA NATURA  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  ITALIAN DESIGN BRANDS/DEXELANCE  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA  VIANOVA AND ZEST.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.itand disclosed by 1Info SDIR and 1Info Storage system (www.1info.it).",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING PURSUANT"", 'LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO.', 'ANSWERS', 'QUESTIONS', 'ART.', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'several excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'diversified industrial group', 'LONG- TERM APPROACH', 'ITALIAN DESIGN BRANDS/DEXELANCE', '1Info Storage system', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', '1Info SDIR', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'second call', 'related answers', 'Corporate Governance', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'APOTECA NATURA', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'TALENT GARDEN', 'Investor Relator', 'web site', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Shareholders meeting', 'tip.mi', 'independent', 'questions', 'items', 'agenda', 'April', 'first', 'Company', 'website', 'tipspa', 'section', 'Documents', 'VIEW', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'ZEST', 'Contacts', 'Tel.']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FRANCHETTI-S-P-A-144531768/news/Franchetti-S-p-A-Shareholders-Meeting-approves-the-Financial-Statements-at-December-31-2023-and-46516756/,Franchetti S.p.A.: Shareholders' Meeting approves the Financial Statements at December 31  2023 and the distribution of a dividend of Euro 0.05 per share.,(marketscreener.com) a multinational software development and engineering design Group listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market and a pioneer in planning  diagnosis and interventions aimed at safety and predictive scheduling of maintenance activities on inf…,"P r e s s r e l e a s eFranchetti S.p.A.: Shareholders' Meeting approves the Financial Statements at December 31  2023 and the distribution of a dividend of Euro 0.05 per share.Ria Grant Thornton S.p.A. appointed as independent audit firm to conduct the legally-required audit for the fiscal years 2024-2026Arzignano (VI)  April 24  2024 - The Shareholders' Meeting (the ""Meeting"") of Franchetti S.p.A. (BIT:FCH) (the ""Company"") - a multinational software development and engineering design Group listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market and a pioneer in planning  diagnosis and interventions aimed at safety and predictive scheduling of maintenance activities on infrastructural network structures  particularly bridges and viaducts - met today in ordinary session. The Meeting was chaired by Paolo Franchetti.Financial Statements at December 31  2023 - Approval and allocation of profit - Appointment of independent audit firm and determination of fee1. Financial statements at December 31  2023 - Approval and allocation of profitThe Shareholders' Meeting approved the Financial Statements at December 31  2023 and the allocation of the net profit for the year  amounting to Euro 1 037 616.00  as follows:Euro 1 573.00 to the legal reserve;to the legal reserve; Euro 686 530.50 to retained earnings;to retained earnings; Euro 349 512.50 to be paid as a dividend  through the distribution of a gross dividend of Euro 0.05 per share calculated on the basis of 6 990 250 shares in circulation as of the date of approval of the draft financial statements.The coupon date will be May 27  2024 (record date May 28  2024)  and the dividend will be paid from May 29  2024.At consolidated level  the Company reports in 2023 revenues from sales and services of Euro 6.1 million  up 29.8% from Euro 4.7 million in the previous year  and a value of production of Euro 7.0 million  up 44.1% from Euro 4.9 million in 2022. EBITDA in",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Franchetti S.p.A.', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Financial Statements', 'December', 'distribution', 'dividend', 'Euro', 'Ria Grant Thornton S.p.A.', 'Franchetti S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'multinational software development', 'engineering design Group', 'infrastructural network structures', 'independent audit firm', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'draft financial statements', 'P r', 'Paolo Franchetti', 'required audit', 'fiscal years', 'predictive scheduling', 'maintenance activities', 'ordinary session', 'legal reserve', 'consolidated level', 'coupon date', 'record date', 'previous year', 'net profit', 'gross dividend', 'December', 'distribution', 'Arzignano', 'April', 'BIT', 'FCH', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'planning', 'diagnosis', 'interventions', 'safety', 'bridges', 'viaducts', 'Approval', 'allocation', 'Appointment', 'determination', 'fee', 'earnings', 'basis', '6,990,250 shares', 'circulation', 'May', 'revenues', 'sales', 'services', 'value', 'production', '2023']",2023-04-25,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-RENOV-VEIS-S-A-3073163/news/EDP-Renov-veis-S-A-EDPR-1Q24-Results-Presentation-46515796/,EDP Renováveis S A : EDPR 1Q24 Results Presentation,(marketscreener.com)   EDPR 1Q24 Results Presentation   Wednesday 24  April 2024      Investors    EDPR year-end with 16.6 GW of installed renewable capacity  an increase of 12% compared to year-end 2022   EDPR increases...https://www.market…,EDPR will release 1Q24 results on May 9th  before the opening of the Euronext Lisbon.We are pleased to invite you to participate in a conference call on the same day at 15:00 CET | 14:00 UK/Lisbon to address the company's results.Dial-In number: UK: +44 20 3481 4242 | US: +1 848 777 1350 | Spain: +34 91 787 4393To receive your personal ID  please register in advance here.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['EDP Renováveis S A', 'EDPR 1Q24 Results Presentation', 'May 9th', 'conference call', 'same day', 'Dial-In number', 'personal ID', '1Q24 results', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'EDPR', 'opening', '15:00 CET', '14:00 UK', 'company', 'US', 'Spain', 'advance']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39813,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://gcaptain.com/msc-subsidiary-launches-700-million-takeover-of-gram-car-carriers/,MSC Subsidiary Launches $700 Million Takeover of Gram Car Carriers,SAS Shipping Agencies Services  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the world’s largest container shipping line  MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company  plans to acquire all shares of Norway-based pure car and truck carrier...,SAS Shipping Agencies Services  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the world’s largest container shipping line  MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company  plans to acquire all shares of Norway-based pure car and truck carrier tonnage provider Gram Car Carriers (GCC) in a deal valued at around USD $700 million.SAS has agreed to launch a voluntary cash tender offer to acquire all shares of GCC for a total equity purchase price of approximately NOK 7.643 billion (USD $700 million)  with a cash consideration of NOK 263.69 per share.GCC will distribute a dividend of NOK 9.00 per share for the first quarter of 2024  bringing the total cash proceeds to shareholders to NOK 272.69 per share  assuming they sell their shares in the offer.The figure represents a premium of 28.3% over the closing trading price of GCC shares as of April 23  2024.GCC’s board of directors has unanimously recommended that shareholders accept the offer based on an independent third party review that has concluded the offer is fair and in the best interests of the company  its shareholders and its employees.Approximately 55.85% of the company’s shareholders  including board members and executive management  have committed to accept an offer. The company’s largest shareholders  holding around 54.54% of the shares  have also irrevocably agreed to the offer.SAS intends to maintain its operations under the same name and structure  ensuring uninterrupted  high-quality service to its customers.Ivar Myklebust  Chair of the GCC board  lauded the company’s 40-year history and successful execution of long-term strategy since its listing on Euronext in Oslo in 2022.“Today’s voluntary offer by one of the world’s leading maritime groups  is a validation of the unique position GCC has built as a leading car shipping tonnage provider and the long-term commitment put in by the entire team. The board is satisfied that the offer represents a fair valuation of GCC  as is also reflected in the recommendation to shareholders to accept the offer ” said Myklebust.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['Gram Car Carriers', 'MSC Subsidiary', '$700 Million Takeover', 'leading car shipping tonnage provider', 'independent third party review', 'largest container shipping line', 'total equity purchase price', 'SAS Shipping Agencies Services', 'MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company', 'voluntary cash tender offer', 'carrier tonnage provider', 'leading maritime groups', 'Norway-based pure car', 'Gram Car Carriers', 'total cash proceeds', 'closing trading price', 'uninterrupted, high-quality service', 'cash consideration', 'voluntary offer', 'largest shareholders', 'owned subsidiary', 'first quarter', 'best interests', 'executive management', 'same name', '40-year history', 'successful execution', 'long-term strategy', 'unique position', 'long-term commitment', 'entire team', 'fair valuation', 'board members', 'Ivar Myklebust', 'GCC board', 'GCC shares', 'world', 'truck', 'deal', 'NOK', 'dividend', 'figure', 'premium', 'April', 'directors', 'employees', 'operations', 'structure', 'customers', 'Chair', 'listing', 'Euronext', 'Oslo', 'validation', 'recommendation']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,gcaptain.com
39814,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-to-report-first-quarter-2024-financial-results-on-May-8-46510170/,Pharming Group to report first quarter 2024 financial results on May 8,(marketscreener.com) Leiden  the Netherlands  April 24  2024: Pharming Group N.V. confirms it will report its preliminary first quarter 2024 financial results  for the period ended March 31  on Wednesday  May 8  2024. Pharming will host a presentation for ana…,Leiden  the Netherlands  April 24  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming”) (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will report its preliminary (unaudited) first quarter 2024 financial results  for the period ended March 31  on Wednesday  May 8  2024.Pharming will host a presentation for analysts and investors at 13:30 CEST/07:30 am EDT on May 8  2024.To participate in the conference call  please register in advance using the link below. Once registered  dial-in information and a unique PIN will be provided  allowing access to the call.Conference call registration:Please note  the Company will only take questions from dial-in attendees.https://register.vevent.com/register/BI6f55067b569a46d7a67be9f94edefc95To watch the live webcast  please register in advance using the link below.Webcast registration:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/ov2ruv3bAbout Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nl,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['first quarter 2024 financial results', 'Pharming Group', 'May', 'preliminary (unaudited) first quarter 2024 financial results', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Conference call registration', 'Webcast registration', 'gene therapies', 'unique PIN', 'live webcast', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Michael Levitan', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Netherlands', 'public information', 'Leiden', 'April', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'period', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'presentation', 'analysts', 'investors', '13:30 CEST', 'advance', 'link', 'access', 'questions', 'attendees', 'vevent', 'BI6f55067b569a46d7a67be9f94edefc95', 'mmc', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'London', 'UK', 'nl']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39815,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SALCEF-GROUP-S-P-A-76191535/news/Salcef-Finhold-and-Morgan-Stanley-managed-funds-sign-agreement-46512365/,Salcef  Finhold and Morgan Stanley managed funds sign agreement,(marketscreener.com) Salcef Group Spa announced Tuesday evening that the shareholders of Finhold Srl -- Salcef Group's majority shareholder -- and funds managed by Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners have signed a binding sale and purchase agreement aimed …,(Alliance News) - Salcef Group Spa announced Tuesday evening that the shareholders of Finhold Srl -- Salcef Group's majority shareholder -- and funds managed by Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners have signed a binding sale and purchase agreement aimed at an investment in Salcef Group.Upon closing of the transaction  a mandatory tender offer aimed at delisting Salcef Group Spa shares from the Euronext STAR Milan market will be launched.The transaction will value Salcef Group - including the dividend - with an equity value of approximately EUR1.62 billion.Through the transaction  Finhold and Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners intend to accelerate Salcef Group's growth strategy domestically and internationally  benefiting from the support of partner MSIP in the next stages of Salcef Group's growth.Salcef closed Tuesday's session in the green by 1.6 percent at EUR22.10 per share.By Maurizio Carta  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,True,English,"['Morgan Stanley', 'Salcef', 'Finhold', 'funds', 'agreement', '2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners', 'Euronext STAR Milan market', 'Salcef Group Spa shares', 'Alliance News reporter', 'mandatory tender offer', 'majority shareholder', 'binding sale', 'purchase agreement', 'equity value', 'partner MSIP', 'next stages', 'Maurizio Carta', 'Finhold Srl', 'growth strategy', 'shareholders', 'funds', 'investment', 'closing', 'transaction', 'dividend', 'support', 'session', 'green', '1.6 percent', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39816,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRESCENT-NV-5956/news/Crescent-REGULATED-INFORMATION-AND-INSIDER-INFORMATION-Postponement-of-publication-of-the-annu-46509915/,Crescent : REGULATED INFORMATION AND INSIDER INFORMATION – Postponement of publication of the annual report 2023 until May 28  2024 General Meeting will take place on June 28  2024,(marketscreener.com)  Leuven  Belgium - 24 April 2024 - 7:30 CET  Crescent NV  Geldenaaksebaan 329  3001 Heverlee    The Board of Directors has decided to publish the annual report for the financial year 2023 by May 28  2024 at the latest and has adjusted…,"Leuven  Belgium - 24 April 2024 - 7:30 CET  Crescent NV  Geldenaaksebaan 329  3001 Heverlee (Euronext Brussels: OPTI)The Board of Directors has decided to publish the annual report for the financial year 2023 by May 28  2024 at the latest and has adjusted its financial calendar accordingly.The annual general meeting will meet on June 28  2024. A new convocation will be issued.The reason for this postponement is the focus of the management team on the ongoing due diligence process regarding the divestment of the services division and the impact of such divestment  of which the closing is expected during the month of May  on the 2023 annual report.From an IFRS accounting perspective this divestment is considered as an ""asset held for sale"" which implies additional disclosures and restatements of previous years;CONTACTEdwin BexGeldenaaksebaan 329B-3001 Leuven  BelgiumTEL: +32 (0) 16 31 74 11E-mail: investor@option.comwww.crescent-ventures.com",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDER INFORMATION', 'annual report', '2024 General Meeting', 'Crescent', 'Postponement', 'publication', 'May', 'place', 'June', 'ongoing due diligence process', 'IFRS accounting perspective', 'annual general meeting', 'annual report', 'Crescent NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'The Board', 'financial year', 'financial calendar', 'new convocation', 'management team', 'services division', 'additional disclosures', 'previous years', 'Edwin Bex', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', '24 April', '7:30 CET', 'Geldenaaksebaan', '3001 Heverlee', 'OPTI', 'Directors', 'May', 'June', 'reason', 'postponement', 'focus', 'divestment', 'impact', 'closing', 'month', 'asset', 'sale', 'restatements', 'CONTACT', 'TEL', 'mail', 'investor', 'crescent-ventures']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39817,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABC-ARBITRAGE-5094/news/ABC-arbitrage-Release-of-the-annual-financial-report-as-at-December-31-2023-46518715/,ABC arbitrage: Release of the annual financial report as at December 31  2023,(marketscreener.com) ABC arbitrage Release of the annual financial report as at December 31  2023 ABC arbitrage announces that as of today its annual financial report for the year of 2023 has been publicly released and filed with the Autorité des Marchés Fina…,"ABC arbitrageRelease of the annual financial report as at December 31  2023ABC arbitrage announces that as of today its annual financial report for the year of 2023 has been publicly released and filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF).This document includes four parts:- the annual activity report - the consolidated financial statements on December 31  2023 - the statutory auditors' reports - the non-financial information provided voluntarily Report.The annual financial report can be consulted on the Group website at: abc-arbitrage.com   in the "" Shareholders "" page  heading Financial information / Financial reports .Contacts : abc-arbitrage.comRelations actionnaires : actionnaires@abc-arbitrage.comRelations presse: VERBATEE / v.sabineu@verbatee.com EURONEXT Paris - Compartiment BISIN : FR0004040608Reuters BITI.PA / Bloomberg ABCA FPAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.91,0.07,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['annual financial report', 'ABC arbitrage', 'Release', 'December', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Bloomberg ABCA FP Attachment', 'annual activity report', 'annual financial report', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'Financial reports', 'financial statements', 'Financial information', 'four parts', 'Group website', 'Shareholders "" page', 'Relations presse', 'EURONEXT Paris', 'Compartiment B', 'Reuters BITI', 'Relations actionnaires', 'ABC arbitrage', 'Release', 'December', 'today', 'year', 'AMF', 'document', 'Contacts', 'VERBATEE', 'sabineu', 'ISIN', 'FR0004040608']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXAIL-TECHNOLOGIES-5158/news/Exail-Technologies-Exail-Technologies-announces-the-availability-of-its-2023-Universal-Registr-46519539/,Exail Technologies :  Exail Technologies announces the availability of its 2023 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report.,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  24 April 2024 Exail Technologies has filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report with the French Financial Markets Authority on April 23  2024.The Universal Registration Document …,"Paris  24 April 2024Exail Technologies (Euronext Paris: EXA) has filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – AMF) on April 23  2024.The Universal Registration Document is available to the public in accordance with French law and may be viewed or downloaded at www.exail-technologies.com under the Finance section  ""Financial information"" in French  the English version will be available in the coming days. The Universal Registration Document is also available on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org).The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes:the Annual Financial Report  comprising the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related Statutory Auditors' reports;the Statutory Auditors' special report on related-party agreements and commitments;the Board of Directors' corporate governance report;information relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors;the Declaration of extra-financial performance;the required information in relation to the share repurchase program; andthe draft resolutions presented at the Shareholders' meeting on June 18  2024 as well as the Board of Directors' report on those resolutions.About Exail TechnologiesExail Technologies is the new name of Groupe Gorgé  adopted after the transformation of the group at the end of 2022  now focused on the activities of its subsidiary Exail. Exail Technologies is an industrial company specializing in high technology in the field of autonomous robotics with a vertical integration of its businesses. The group offers complex drone and navigation systems  as well as products for the aerospace and photonics industries. Exail Technologies provides performance  reliability and safety to its civil and military customers operating in harsh environments and generates revenues in nearly 80 countries.Exail technologies is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (EXA).www.exail-technologies.comContactsInvestor relationsHugo SoussanTel. +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86h.soussan@ exail-technologies.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72apetureaux@actus.frMedia relationsManon ClairetTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m2twYcZnZJybmp1tZ8ltaGVkbGphl2aUl2fKxJSdZZbGaXKWyJhlmpidZnFml21t- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of a universal registration document or its updates Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85287-exail-technologies_mise-a-disposition-du-urd-2023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Exail Technologies', 'availability', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", ""Statutory Auditors' special report"", 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'parent company financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Annual Financial Report', 'share repurchase program', 'original press release', 'corporate governance report', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'management report', ""Directors' report"", 'Financial information', 'News releases', 'French law', 'industrial company', 'Finance section', 'English version', 'coming days', 'related-party agreements', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'new name', 'Groupe Gorgé', 'high technology', 'autonomous robotics', 'vertical integration', 'complex drone', 'navigation systems', 'photonics industries', 'military customers', 'harsh environments', 'Investor relations', 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux', 'Media relations', 'Manon Clairet', 'subsidiary Exail', 'Exail Technologies', 'extra-financial performance', 'draft resolutions', 'Hugo Soussan', 'Regulated information', '24 April', 'AMF', 'public', 'accordance', 'exail-technologies', 'website', 'commitments', 'Board', 'fees', 'Declaration', 'June', 'transformation', 'end', 'activities', 'field', 'businesses', 'products', 'aerospace', 'reliability', 'safety', 'civil', 'revenues', '80 countries', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'apetureaux', 'mclairet', 'm2twYcZnZJybmp1tZ8ltaGVkbGphl2aUl2fKxJSdZZbGaXKWyJhlmpidZnFml21t', 'provision', 'documents', 'Terms', 'availability', 'updates', 'Full', 'PDF', 'disposition', 'urd', 'email', '2024']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-Availability-of-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46519600/,Publicis Groupe: Availability of 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) And Procedure for Consulting Preparatory Documents for General Shareholders’ Meetinghttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-Availability-of-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46519600/?…,And Procedure for Consulting Preparatory Documents for General Shareholders’ MeetingRegulatory News:The 2023 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) of Publicis Groupe S.A. (Paris:PUB) [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] has been filed with the French Financial Markets Regulatory Authority (AMF) on April 24  2024. The document can be requested at the Groupe’s Headquarter in accordance with legal and regulatory conditions and is available on the Company’s website : www.publicisgroupe.com and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org).This Universal Registration Document notably includes the 2023 annual financial report  the Management Board's report  the corporate governance report  the extra-financial performance statement and the statutory auditors' reports.The English version of the 2023 Universal Registration Document will be released shortly.The Prior notice to the General Shareholders’ Meeting including the agenda and the draft resolutions has been published today in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires. The Convening notice to the General Shareholders’ Meeting will be published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires and in the Journal d’Annonces Légales on May 8  2024.Documents and information required by Article R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code will be available to shareholders from the convening of the General Shareholders’Meeting in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations:- Up to the fifth day  inclusive  prior to the General Meeting  all holders of registered shares may request that the Company send them these documents and information. Holders of bearer shares who wish to exercise this right must produce a certificate proving that the shares are registered on the bearer share accounts maintained by an authorized intermediary;- All shareholders may consult these documents at the Company’s registered office  at 133 avenue des Champs Elysées - 75008 Paris  during a period of 15 days prior to the Meeting.In accordance with Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code  the informational documents in preparation for this General Shareholders’ Meeting will be made available on the Company’s website at www.publicisgroupe.com (under Investors/Shareholders/General Meeting).About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter |Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Instagram|Viva la Difference!View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424085932/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Availability', 'French Financial Markets Regulatory Authority', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Publicis Groupe S.A.', 'French Commercial Code', '2023 annual financial report', 'extra-financial performance statement', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'Champs Elysées', 'four main activities', 'bearer share accounts', 'corporate governance report', 'digital business transformation', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'One Publicis Groupe', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'General Shareholders’Meeting', 'General Meeting', 'regulatory conditions', 'Regulatory News', 'marketing transformation', 'bearer shares', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'Management Board', 'English version', 'Prior notice', 'draft resolutions', 'applicable laws', 'fifth day', 'authorized intermediary', 'registered office', 'global leader', 'The Groupe', 'value chain', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'source version', 'clients’ transformation', 'The Power', 'registered shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'Convening notice', 'ten expertise', 'Preparatory Documents', 'informational documents', 'AMF website', '75008 Paris', 'Procedure', 'Consulting', 'CAC', 'April', 'Headquarter', 'accordance', 'legal', 'Company', 'publicisgroupe', 'amf-france', 'agenda', 'Bulletin', 'Journal', 'May', 'Article', 'regulations', 'right', 'certificate', '133 avenue', 'period', 'preparation', 'communication', 'step', 'execution', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Data', 'Technology', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '103,000 professionals', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Difference', 'businesswire', '15']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GTT-GAZTRANSPORT-15821825/news/GTT-announces-the-launch-of-its-employee-shareholding-plan-46518543/,GTT announces the launch of its employee shareholding plan,(marketscreener.com)    GTT announces the launch of its employee shareholding plan Paris – April 24  2024. GTT announces its intention to launch its international employee shareholding plan. The operation  which will offer the opportunity to nearly 720 employ…,"GTT announces the launch of its employee shareholding planParis – April 24  2024. GTT announces its intention to launch its international employee shareholding plan. The operation  which will offer the opportunity to nearly 720 employees to become shareholders of the GTT group (hereinafter the “Group”)  is being deployed in Germany  China  the United States  France  Iceland  Singapore and the United Kingdom.The plan is offered within the framework of the French Group Savings Plan (“PEG”) and the International Group Savings Plan (“PEGI”) set up within the Group.Shares will be subscribed through an employee shareholding fund (an ""FCPE"") or  in some countries  directly by employees.The subscription price was set at 111.20 euros. This takes into account a 20% discount applied to the average closing price of the GTT shares on Euronext Paris over the 20 trading days preceding its fixing date.Shares will be subject to a five-year lock-up period  except in exceptional cases of early exit authorized in the employee’s subscription country.ISSUERGTT S.A. (hereinafter the « Company »)Registered office : 1 route de Versailles – 78470 Saint-Rémy-lès-ChevreuseRegistered capital: 370 783.57 eurosRCS : 662 001 403Euronext Paris (France)ISIN code: FR0011726835FRAMEWORK OF THE OPERATION – PROPOSED SECURITIESThe shares will be subscribed as part of a capital increase reserved for members of Group company savings plans. This operation makes use of the 23rd resolution of the Combined General Meeting of 7 June 2023. On 27 November 2023  the Board of Directors decided on the principle of issuing ordinary shares for the benefit of employees who are members of the French Group Savings Plan or the International Group Savings Plan and decided on the main characteristics of the plan  in particular  setting the subscription ceiling at 55 618 shares (i.e. a maximum dilution rate of 0.15%).SUBSCRIPTION CONDITIONS- Beneficiaries of the share offering reserved for employees: the beneficiaries of the offering are (i) the employees  and the corporate officers under the conditions provided for in Article L. 3332-2 of the French Labour Code  of the companies within the scope of the offering who have joined the French Group Savings Plan or the International Group Savings Plan set up within the Group  as the case may be  regardless of the nature of their employment contract (fixed-term or open-ended  full-time or part-time) and having three months of seniority at the end of the subscription period and (ii) early retirees and retirees of French companies in the Group who have retained assets in the France group savings plan since leaving the Group.- Companies within the scope of the offering:The Company  andThe companies of the GTT Group  whose head office is located in France or outside France  in particular in China  Germany  Iceland  Singapore  UK and USA.- Terms of subscription: the shares will be subscribed through direct shareholding in Germany  Iceland and USA and through an employee shareholding fund for the other countries  according to the regulations and/or tax regime applicable in the respective countries of residence of the beneficiaries of the capital increase.- Subscription formula: employees can subscribe for GTT shares under a single “classic” subscription formula.- Subscription ceiling: the annual payments of the beneficiaries of the offering into the French Group Savings Plan or the International Group Savings Plan may not  in application of article L. 3332-10 of the French Labour Code  exceed one quarter of their gross annual remuneration  subject to other constraints resulting from local regulations.- Unavailability of GTT shares or corresponding employee shareholding fund units: subscribers to the offering must keep the shares or the corresponding employee shareholding fund units for a period of approximately five years  until 18 June 2029  except in the case of early exit.- Exercise of voting rights attached to shares: when the shares are held through an employee shareholding fund  the voting rights attached to these shares will be exercised by the supervisory board of the employee shareholding fund concerned; when the shares are held directly by employees  the voting rights will be exercised individually by the employees concerned.INDICATIVE TIMETABLE OF THE OPERATIONFixing of the subscription price: on 24 April 2024Subscription period: from 25 April to 14 May 2024Settlement-delivery of the offering: scheduled on 18 June 2024QUOTATIONThe GTT shares subscribed under the international employee shareholding plan are listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0011726835).SPECIAL MENTION FOR INTERNATIONALThis press release does not constitute an offering to sell or a request to subscribe to GTT shares. The GTT share offering reserved for employees will only be implemented in countries where such an offering has been registered or notified to the competent local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in consideration of an exemption from the obligation to draw up a prospectus or to register or notify the offering. More generally  the offering will only be made in countries where all the required registration procedures and/or notifications have been carried out and the necessary authorizations have been obtained.CONTACT FOR BENEFICARIES OF THE OFFERINGFor any questions relating to this offering  beneficiaries may contact their manager  as specified in the documents given to the beneficiaries.About GTTGTT is a technological expert in containment systems with cryogenic membranes used to transport and store liquefied gases. For 60 years  GTT has been designing and providing cutting-edge technologies for a better energy performance  which combine operational efficiency and safety  to equip LNG carriers  floating terminals  land storage  and multi-gas carriers. GTT also develops systems dedicated to the use of LNG as fuel  as well as a full range of services  including digital services in the field of Smart Shipping. The Group is also active in hydrogen through its subsidiary Elogen  which designs and assembles electrolysers notably for the production of green hydrogen.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.For more information  visit www.gtt.fr .Media contact: press@gtt.fr / +33 (0)1 30 23 56 37Investor Relations contact: information-financiere@gtt.fr / + 33 (0)1 30 23 20 87Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['employee shareholding plan', 'GTT', 'launch', 'corresponding employee shareholding fund units', 'international employee shareholding plan', 'International Group Savings Plan', 'French Group Savings Plan', 'Group company savings plans', 'single “classic” subscription formula', 'France group savings plan', '78470 Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse', 'Combined General Meeting', 'maximum dilution rate', 'French Labour Code', 'The GTT share offering', 'competent local authorities', 'gross annual remuneration', 'average closing price', 'GTT S.A.', 'five-year lock-up period', 'The GTT shares', 'direct shareholding', 'GTT group', 'French companies', 'The Company', 'ISIN code', 'annual payments', 'subscription price', 'local regulations', 'subscription country', 'subscription ceiling', 'subscription period', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', '20 trading days', 'exceptional cases', 'early exit', 'Registered office', 'Registered capital', 'PROPOSED SECURITIES', 'capital increase', '23rd resolution', 'main characteristics', 'corporate officers', 'Article L.', 'employment contract', 'three months', 'head office', 'tax regime', 'one quarter', 'other constraints', 'five years', 'voting rights', 'INDICATIVE TIMETABLE', 'SPECIAL MENTION', 'press release', 'Euronext Paris', 'SUBSCRIPTION CONDITIONS', 'fixing date', 'early retirees', 'other countries', 'respective countries', 'supervisory board', 'ordinary shares', '55,618 shares', 'launch', 'April', 'intention', 'operation', 'opportunity', '720 employees', 'shareholders', 'Germany', 'China', 'Iceland', 'Singapore', 'framework', 'PEG', 'FCPE', '111.20 euros', 'account', '20% discount', 'ISSUER', '1 route', 'Versailles', 'RCS', 'part', 'members', '7 June', '27 November', 'Directors', 'principle', 'benefit', 'Beneficiaries', 'scope', 'nature', 'full-time', 'seniority', 'end', 'assets', 'UK', 'USA', 'Terms', 'residence', 'application', 'Unavailability', 'subscribers', '18 June', 'Exercise', '14 May', 'Settlement-delivery', 'QUOTATION', 'request', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'consideration', 'exem']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LECTRA-4769/news/LECTRA-Q1-2024-financial-report-available-46518693/,LECTRA: Q1 2024 financial report available,(marketscreener.com) Q1 2024 financial report available Paris  April 24  2024 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with Article 221-4-IV of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers  that the Management Discussion and Analysis …,Q1 2024 financial report availableParis  April 24  2024 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with Article 221-4-IV of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers  that the Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the first quarter 2024 is available on the company's website: www.lectra.comIt is also available  upon request  by email: investor.relations@lectra.comAbout Lectra:As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies. The Group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The Group is proud to state that its 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 478 million euros in 2023. The company is listed on Euronext  where it is included in the following indices: SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid&Small  CAC All Shares  CAC All-Tradable  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150.For more information  visit www.lectra.comLectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 832 965 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Q1 2024 financial report', 'LECTRA', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'marchés financiers', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'Q1 2024 financial report', 'CAC All Shares', 'CAC Mid&Small', 'RCS Paris B', 'Financial Condition', 'CAC Technology', 'General Regulation', 'Autorité des', 'Management Discussion', 'first quarter', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'The Group', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '478 million euros', 'following indices', 'ENT PEA-PME', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', 'April', 'Lectra', 'shareholders', 'compliance', 'Article', 'IV', 'Analysis', 'Results', 'Operations', 'company', 'website', 'request', 'email', 'investor', 'relations', 'fashion', 'boldness', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'companies', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '3,000 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'SBF', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-46518548/,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 24 April 2024 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to the share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release…,24 April 2024 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to the share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 17 and 23 April 2024.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 25 May 2023 the powers of the Board of Directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 660 233 (1.2%) on 23 April 2024. The total number of ordinary shares equals 53 708 999.- End of abstract -Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerEdouard Janssen  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'share buyback programme', 'full press release', ""D'Ieteren Group"", ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Stéphanie Voisin', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Francis Deprez', 'Edouard Janssen', 'Investor Relations', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', '24 April', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '23 April', '25 May', 'powers', 'Board', 'Directors', 'period', '5 years', 'End', 'Tel', 'mail', 'dieterengroup', 'Website', '17']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIFIEDPOST-GROUP-SA-112637613/news/Reminder-Unifiedpost-Group-Strategy-Update-Presentation-on-30-April-2024-46509714/,Reminder: Unifiedpost Group Strategy Update Presentation on 30 April 2024,(marketscreener.com) La Hulpe  Belgium – 24 April 2024  7:00 a.m. CET – Unifiedpost Group SA   a leader in cloud-based business process solutions  will present an overview of its mid-term strategy on Tuesday  30 April 2024.The event will take place from 2:00p…,La Hulpe  Belgium – 24 April 2024  7:00 a.m. CET – Unifiedpost Group SA (Euronext Brussels: UPG) (“Unifiedpost”)  a leader in cloud-based business process solutions  will present an overview of its mid-term strategy on Tuesday  30 April 2024.The event will take place from 2:00pm to 4:00pm CET on Tuesday  30 April 2024. The presenting team will be Hans Leybaert  CEO  Koen De Brabander  CFO  and some of the group’s business leaders. The agenda for the day is as follows:IntroductionsKey objectivesBusiness updateStrategic initiativesFinancial reviewClosing remarksQ&AThe event will take place virtually and will be available to stream via a live webcast. To register your interest in the event  please click the link below to subscribe:https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=69A1FEE7-5AFC-4DC2-BD32-0ED753E88D51Should you have any questions  please do not hesitate to contact us.Contact:Alex NicollInvestor RelationsUnifiedpost Groupalex.nicoll@unifiedpost.comFor more information about Unifiedpost Group and its offerings  please visit our website: https://www.unifiedpostgroup.com/.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Unifiedpost Group Strategy Update Presentation', 'Reminder', '30 April', 'Investor Relations Unifiedpost Group alex', 'cloud-based business process solutions', 'Koen De Brabander', 'Financial review Closing', 'Unifiedpost Group SA', 'Alex Nicoll', 'business leaders', 'Business update', 'La Hulpe', 'Euronext Brussels', 'mid-term strategy', 'presenting team', 'Hans Leybaert', 'Key objectives', 'Strategic initiatives', 'live webcast', 'Q&A', '7:00 a', 'Belgium', '24 April', 'CET', 'UPG', 'overview', 'Tuesday', 'event', 'place', '2:00pm', '4:00pm', '30 April', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'agenda', 'Introductions', 'remarks', 'interest', 'link', 'onlinexperiences', 'Launch/QReg', 'ShowUUID', '69A1FEE7', 'AFC', 'DC', 'questions', 'Contact', 'information', 'offerings', 'website', 'unifiedpostgroup']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRANSGENE-4789/news/Availability-of-Preparatory-Documents-for-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-May-15-2024-46518497/,Availability of Preparatory Documents for the Combined General Meeting of May 15  2024,(marketscreener.com) Strasbourg  France  April 24  2024  5:45 p.m. CET - Transgene   a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies  announced that the documentation related to the Combined General Meeting of Transgene’s shareholders …,Strasbourg  France  April 24  2024  5:45 p.m. CET - Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies  announced that the documentation related to the Combined General Meeting (ordinary and extraordinary sessions) of Transgene’s shareholders is available.The notice of meeting  comprising the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) n° 42 of April 5  2024.These notices include information on how to attend and vote at the General Meeting.The General Meeting will be broadcast live on the Company’s website ( www.transgene.fr under “Investors - Shareholders’ Meeting”) and the video will also be available later within the time period provided for by the regulations.The procedures and rules relative to the holding of this shareholder meeting  as well as the exercise of the right to request documents and submit written questions  are set out in the notice of meeting published on April 5  2024 and are also posted at www.transgene.fr/AG2024 .ContactsContactsTransgene:Lucie Larguier  CFO+33 (0)3 88 27 91 04investorrelations@transgene.fr Media:MEDiSTRAVASylvie Berrebi/Frazer Hall+44 (0)203 928 6900transgene@medistrava.comAbout TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of a portfolio of therapeutic vaccines and oncolytic viruses: TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform  TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  as well as BT-001 and TG6050  two oncolytic viruses based on the Invir.IO® viral backbone.With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO®  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on social media: X (formerly Twitter): @TransgeneSA – LinkedIn: @TransgeneDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Preparatory Documents', 'Availability', 'May', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'viral vector engineering expertise', 'first individualized therapeutic vaccine', 'Invir.IO® viral backbone', 'viral vector technology', 'Artificial Intelligence capabilities', 'significant negative outcome', 'regulatory authorities’ agreement', 'positive pre-clinical data', 'government regulatory authorities', 'Universal Registration Document', 'two oncolytic viruses', 'multifunctional oncolytic viruses', 'The myvac® approach', 'Combined General Meeting', 'human clinical results', 'The General Meeting', 'therapeutic vaccines', 'therapeutic vaccination', 'clinical studies', 'myvac® platform', 'The Company', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'extraordinary sessions', 'draft resolutions', 'Bulletin des', 'time period', 'shareholder meeting', 'written questions', 'Lucie Larguier', 'Sylvie Berrebi', 'Frazer Hall', 'targeted immunotherapies', 'HPV-positive cancers', 'precision medicine', 'novel immunotherapy', 'virus-based immunotherapy', 'patient-specific mutations', 'proprietary platform', 'social media', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'financial situation', 'following factors', 'product manufacturing', 'marketing approval', 'financial condition', 'Risk Factors', 'Additional information', 'new information', 'biotech company', 'biotechnology company', 'Euronext Paris', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'fr Media', 'cancer cells', 'clinical-stage programs', 'new generation', 'numerous risks', 'development phases', 'AMF website', 'transgene.fr', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'April', 'CET', 'TNG', 'documentation', 'notice', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'Investors', 'video', 'regulations', 'procedures', 'rules', 'holding', 'exercise', 'right', 'documents', 'www', 'AG2024', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'investorrelations', 'MEDiSTRAVA', 'treatment', 'goal', 'portfolio', 'TG4050', 'TG4001', 'TG6050', 'field', 'partner', 'NEC', 'Twitter', 'TransgeneSA', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'occurrence', 'activities', 'perspectives', 'ability', 'products', 'success', 'financing', 'commercialization', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'Facteurs', 'Risque', 'section', 'org', 'date', 'obligation', 'future', 'Attachment', '5:45', '°', '3']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALICA-S-P-A-159798670/news/Valica-reduces-loss-in-2023-revenues-rise-86-percent-46509927/,Valica reduces loss in 2023; revenues rise 86 percent,(marketscreener.com) Valica Spa announced Tuesday that it has approved consolidated financial statements as of Dec. 31  reporting an improving loss to EUR30 000 from a negative EUR180 000 in 2022. Revenues amounted to EUR5.2 million  up 86 percent from EUR2.7…,"(Alliance News) - Valica Spa announced Tuesday that it has approved consolidated financial statements as of Dec. 31  reporting an improving loss to EUR30 000 from a negative EUR180 000 in 2022.Revenues amounted to EUR5.2 million  up 86 percent from EUR2.7 million as of Dec. 31  2022  due to the consolidation of the investee Fytur SRL  which started operations in January 2023.Ebitda is EUR700 000 from EUR200 000 a year earlier. Revenue margin rises to 14 percent from 8.7 percent in 2022.Ebit is EUR72 000 from a negative EUR118 652.Net financial debt amounts to EUR378 726 down from EUR850 171 a year earlier  due to cash injected with the listing transaction that took place in September 2023 and the payment of bank debts according to assigned amortization schedules  the note says. No new financial debts were taken on during 2023 than those already outstanding in 2022.As for the future  the group ""is focused on consolidating its leadership in the mar-tech services market in the tourism and food and wine sector by strengthening its internal structure "" the statement said.Emiliano D'Andrea  chief executive officer of Valica Group  commented  ""In an economic environment that has been further complicated by the events of Oct. 7  2023  the group has nevertheless continued its growth by realizing about 100 percent on all economic fundamentals compared to 2022. With the listing on Euronext Growth Milan  we are working so that 2024 can also give us further satisfaction to make our business model more and more solid.""Valica's stock closed Tuesday at a par at EUR5.70 per share.By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.08,0.69,0.23,mixed,0.22,0.29,0.49,True,English,"['Valica', 'loss', 'revenues', '2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News reporter', 'consolidated financial statements', 'investee Fytur SRL', 'Net financial debt', 'mar-tech services market', ""Emiliano D'Andrea"", 'chief executive officer', 'new financial debts', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'bank debts', 'improving loss', 'Revenue margin', 'amortization schedules', 'wine sector', 'internal structure', 'economic environment', 'economic fundamentals', 'business model', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'Valica Spa', 'listing transaction', 'Valica Group', 'Dec.', 'negative', 'Revenues', 'consolidation', 'operations', 'January', 'Ebitda', '14 percent', '8.7 percent', 'cash', 'place', 'September', 'payment', 'note', 'future', 'leadership', 'tourism', 'food', 'events', 'Oct.', '100 percent', 'satisfaction', 'stock', 'par', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VETOQUINOL-SA-36676/news/Vetoquinol-Availability-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46516396/,Vetoquinol: Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:On 24 April 2024  Vetoquinol filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers in ESEF .The 2023 Universal Registration Document in ESEF and PDF formats is available to the publ…,Regulatory News:On 24 April 2024  Vetoquinol (Paris:VETO) filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in ESEF (European Single Electronic Format).The 2023 Universal Registration Document in ESEF and PDF formats (reproduction of the official version of the Universal Registration Document in ESEF format) is available to the public under the conditions provided by applicable regulations and may be consulted on the “Investors” page of the Vetoquinol laboratory website (www.vetoquinol.com)  in the “Regulated Information” section. It is also available on the AMF’s website (www.amf-france.org).The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes:the 2023 Annual Financial Report;the Management Report;the Board of Directors Report on Corporate Governance;the Extra-Financial Performance Declaration;the information related to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors;the share buyback program description; andthe agenda and draft resolutions of the Shareholder’s Meeting of May 28th  2024.Next publication: sales 1st quarter 2024  April 29  2024 after market closeABOUT VETOQUINOLVetoquinol is a leading global animal health company that supplies drugs and non-medicinal products for the farm animals (cattle and pigs) and pet (dogs and cats) markets. As an independent pure player  Vetoquinol designs  develops and sells veterinary drugs and non-medicinal products in Europe  the Americas and the Asia Pacific region. Since its foundation in 1933  Vetoquinol has pursued a strategy combining innovation with geographical diversification. The Group’s hybrid growth is driven by the reinforcement of its product portfolio coupled with acquisitions in high potential growth markets. At December 31  2023  Vetoquinol employed 2 483 people.Vetoquinol has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2006 (symbol: VETO).The Vetoquinol share is eligible for the French PEA and PEA-PME personal equity plans.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424734199/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Vetoquinol', 'Availability', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'leading global animal health company', 'PEA-PME personal equity plans', 'share buyback program description', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'high potential growth markets', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Extra-Financial Performance Declaration', 'market close ABOUT', 'independent pure player', 'Asia Pacific region', '2023 Annual Financial Report', 'The Vetoquinol share', 'Vetoquinol laboratory website', 'hybrid growth', 'Management Report', 'The Group', 'ESEF format', 'PDF formats', 'official version', 'applicable regulations', 'Investors” page', 'Corporate Governance', 'Statutory Auditors', 'draft resolutions', 'May 28th', 'Next publication', 'sales 1st', 'medicinal products', 'farm animals', 'geographical diversification', 'product portfolio', 'French PEA', 'source version', 'Regulatory News', 'Regulated Information', 'veterinary drugs', 'Euronext Paris', '24 April', 'AMF', 'reproduction', 'conditions', 'section', 'france', 'org', 'Board', 'Directors', 'fees', 'agenda', 'Shareholder', 'Meeting', 'cattle', 'pigs', 'pet', 'dogs', 'cats', 'Americas', 'foundation', 'strategy', 'innovation', 'reinforcement', 'acquisitions', 'December', '2,483 people', 'symbol', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DECEUNINCK-NV-5973/news/Deceuninck-Annual-General-Meeting-Dividend-46516816/,Deceuninck : Annual General Meeting - Dividend,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   Regulated information   Tuesday April 23rd 2024 at 9.00 PM CET   Annual General Meeting and Dividend   On April 23rd 2024  Deceuninck organized its Annual General Meeting at its headquarters in Hooglede- Gi…,"Press releaseRegulated informationTuesday April 23rd 2024 at 9.00 PM CETAnnual General Meeting and DividendOn April 23rd 2024  Deceuninck organized its Annual General Meeting at its headquarters in Hooglede- Gits  Belgium.All agenda items were approved by the shareholders. Details of the voting results and minutes of themeeting (in Dutch) will be available at https://www.deceuninck.com/investors/share-shareholder- information/shareholder-meetings/Dividend increase by 14%Following the proposal of the Board of Directors  the General Meeting approved a gross dividend over 2023 of 8 eurocents (€ 0 08) per share  which represents an increase of 14% versus 2022 (€ 0 07).Ex-dividend date: May 6th 2024 Record date: May 7th 2024 Payment date: May 8th 2024OutlookIn line with earlier communication done per February 28th 2024 at the announcement of our FY 2023 results  we reconfirm our outlook of delivering a strong profitability in challenging market conditions.End of press releaseAbout DeceuninckFounded in 1937  Deceuninck is a top 3 independent manufacturer of PVC and composite profiles for windows and doors. Headquartered in Hooglede-Gits (BE)  Deceuninck is organized in 3 geographical segments: Europe  North America and Turkey & Emerging Markets. Deceuninck operates 17 vertically integrated manufacturing facilities  which together with 16 sales and distribution entities guarantee the necessary service and response time to Customers. Deceuninck strongly focuses on innovation  sustainability and reliability. Deceuninck is listed on Euronext Brussels (""DECB"").Contact Deceuninck: Hannes Debecker • T +32 51 239 587 • Investor.Relations@deceuninck.comwww.deceuninck.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Deceuninck', 'Dividend', '17 vertically integrated manufacturing facilities', 'challenging market conditions', 'top 3 independent manufacturer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Press release', 'Regulated information', 'Tuesday April', 'April 23rd', 'Hooglede- Gits', 'agenda items', 'voting results', 'share-shareholder- information', 'Ex-dividend date', 'May 6th', 'Record date', 'May 7th 2024', 'Payment date', 'May 8th', 'earlier communication', 'February 28th', 'FY 2023 results', 'strong profitability', 'composite profiles', '3 geographical segments', 'North America', 'Emerging Markets', 'distribution entities', 'necessary service', 'response time', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Hannes Debecker', 'gross dividend', 'Dividend increase', 'Contact Deceuninck', 'CET', 'headquarters', 'Belgium', 'shareholders', 'Details', 'minutes', 'Dutch', 'investors', 'shareholder-meetings', 'proposal', 'Board', 'Directors', '8 eurocents', 'Outlook', 'line', 'announcement', 'PVC', 'windows', 'doors', 'Hooglede-Gits', 'Europe', 'Turkey', '16 sales', 'Customers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'reliability', 'DECB', 'Relations', '9.00']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868856/0/en/ASML-discloses-2024-AGM-results.html,ASML discloses 2024 AGM results,ASML discloses 2024 AGM results  Veldhoven  the Netherlands  April 24  2024 –  ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces the results of its Annual...,ASML discloses 2024 AGM resultsVeldhoven  the Netherlands  April 24  2024 – ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces the results of its Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on April 24  2024.The 2024 AGM marks the end of the terms of Peter Wennink and Martin van den Brink as Presidents of ASML and the beginning of Christophe Fouquet's term as President and CEO of ASML.At the AGM  ASML’s statutory financial statements for the 2023 financial year were adopted. In addition  the following items were approved:Proposal to adopt a final dividend payment of €1.75 per ordinary share  which  together with the two interim dividends paid through the 2023 financial year and the interim dividend paid in February 2024  each €1.45 per ordinary share  leads to a total dividend for 2023 of €6.10 per ordinary shareProposals to discharge the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board from liability for their responsibilities in the 2023 financial yearProposal to determine the maximum number of shares available for the Board of ManagementProposals to reappoint Annet Aris  Mark Durcan and Warren East as members of the Supervisory BoardProposal to authorize the Board of Management from April 24  2024  up to and including October 24  2025: to  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board: Issue ordinary shares or grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares up to 5% for general purposes and up to 5% in connection with or on the occasion of mergers  acquisitions and/or (strategic) alliances Authorize the Board of Management to restrict or exclude pre-emption rights in connection with the authorizations referred to under the previous pointProposal to authorize the Board of Management from April 24  2024  up to and including October 24  2025  to repurchase a maximum of 10% of ASML’s issued share capital  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. The ordinary shares can be acquired between an amount equal to the nominal value of the ordinary shares and an amount equal to 110% of the market price of these ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam or the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. The AGM also authorized the cancellation of up to 10% of ASML’s issued share capital as of April 24  2024A positive advisory vote was also cast on the remuneration report for the ASML Board of Management and Supervisory Board for the 2023 financial year.The following subjects were also discussed at the AGM:The reappointment of Christophe Fouquet and appointment of Jim Koonmen as members of the Board of ManagementASML’s business  financial situation and ESG sustainabilityASML’s compliance with the Dutch Corporate Governance CodeASML’s reserves and dividend policyThe composition of the Supervisory Board in 2025: Birgit Conix and Annet Aris will retire by rotation per the 2025 AGMThe presentation given at the AGM and the recording of the webcast are available on the 2024 AGM page.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 42 700 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.65,0.33,0.02,True,English,"['2024 AGM results', 'ASML', 'Martin van den Brink', 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'NASDAQ Stock Market LLC', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'positive advisory vote', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'Annual General Meeting', 'two interim dividends', 'final dividend payment', 'statutory financial statements', 'market price', 'general purposes', 'total dividend', 'dividend policy', '2023 financial year', 'financial situation', 'Peter Wennink', 'Christophe Fouquet', 'following items', 'ordinary share', 'Annet Aris', 'Mark Durcan', 'Warren East', 'strategic) alliances', 'previous point', 'share capital', 'nominal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'remuneration report', 'following subjects', 'Jim Koonmen', 'ESG sustainability', 'Birgit Conix', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'career opportunities', 'Supervisory Board', 'maximum number', 'pre-emption rights', 'multinational company', '2024 AGM page', 'groundbreaking technology', '2024 AGM results', 'The AGM', 'ASML Board', 'shares', '2025 AGM', 'Veldhoven', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'terms', 'Presidents', 'beginning', 'CEO', 'addition', 'Proposal', 'February', 'members', 'Management', 'liability', 'responsibilities', 'October', 'approval', 'connection', 'occasion', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'authorizations', 'amount', 'cancellation', 'reappointment', 'compliance', 'reserves', 'composition', 'rotation', 'presentation', 'recording', 'webcast', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', '42,700 employees', 'FTE', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-Announces-2024-AGM-and-Board-Nominees-46519528/,VEON Announces 2024 AGM and Board Nominees,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  24 April 2024 – VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services    has today announced that its Board of Directors has set the date for the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting of…,"Amsterdam  24 April 2024 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  (“VEON” or the “Company”)  has today announced that its Board of Directors (“Board”) has set the date for the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (the “AGM”) for 31 May 2024. The record date for the AGM has been set for 25 April 2024.The Board and its Remuneration and Governance Committee have recommended seven individuals for appointment to the Board at the AGM  including four directors currently serving on the Board as well as nominees by statutory requisition from shareholders holding in excess of 5% of our issued share capital. The recommended nominees are Augie Fabela  Andrei Gusev  Sir Brandon Lewis  Duncan Perry  former U.S. Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo (who currently serves as a member of the Kyivstar Supervisory Board)  Michiel Soeting  and Kaan Terzioglu  the Company’s current CEO.Karen Linehan  Yaroslav Glazunov and the current Chairman of the Board Morten Lundal chose not to stand for re-election. The Board thanks them for their contributions and services to the Company. The incoming Board will elect a new Chair at the inaugural Board meeting following the upcoming AGM.Commenting on the slate of director nominees  the Chairman of the Remuneration and Governance Committee Augie Fabela stated: ""We are thrilled to recommend seven exceptional individuals for appointment to the Board at the upcoming AGM  representing a diverse range of expertise and perspectives. These nominees  including both current Board members and those nominated by minority shareholders  embody the commitment to excellence and strategic vision that defines VEON. We extend our gratitude to outgoing Chairman Morten Lundal  Karen Linehan  and Yaroslav Glazunov for their invaluable contributions to the Company.""The Company will lay unaudited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 before shareholders at the AGM  but is not yet able to seek shareholder approval for the appointment of an auditor for the financial period ending 31 December 2024  due to the previously disclosed difficulties that the Company has faced in identifying a suitable auditor as a result of the material changes in the Group’s portfolio of assets over the past 12 months. The Board intends to convene a special general meeting for the laying of the audited financials and appointment of an auditor in due course.In addition to the election of Board members  the AGM agenda includes the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. (“PwC”) for the audit of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023 in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (the “ISA Audit”)  as well as proposals to amend certain sections of the Company’s bye-laws approved by shareholders on 10 June 2021 (as amended by special resolutions passed on 29 June 2023) to correct a legacy formatting error and standardize the wording enabling the Board to convene electronic meetings of shareholders.Further details on the agenda for the AGM and the ratification of PwC for the ISA Audit  summary biographies on the slate of nominees seeking election to the Board  the proposals to amend the Company’s bye-laws and procedural matters related to the Company’s AGM and voting thereat will be made available through an official notice distributed by VEON to its registered shareholders of record prior to the meeting.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact informationVEONInvestor RelationsFaisal Ghoriir@veon.com",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.19,0.39,True,English,"['Board Nominees', 'VEON', '2024 AGM', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'former U.S. Secretary', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'outgoing Chairman Morten Lundal', 'Sir Brandon Lewis', 'Michael R. Pompeo', 'legacy formatting error', 'global digital operator', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'special general meeting', 'unaudited financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Kyivstar Supervisory Board', 'seven exceptional individuals', 'inaugural Board meeting', 'current Board members', 'current Chairman', 'seven individuals', 'financial period', 'special resolutions', 'digital services', 'forward-looking statements', 'current CEO', 'converged connectivity', 'Governance Committee', 'statutory requisition', 'share capital', 'Augie Fabela', 'Andrei Gusev', 'Duncan Perry', 'Michiel Soeting', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Karen Linehan', 'Yaroslav Glazunov', 'new Chair', 'diverse range', 'strategic vision', 'financial year', 'shareholder approval', 'material changes', 'past 12 months', 'due course', 'International Standards', 'electronic meetings', 'summary biographies', 'procedural matters', 'official notice', '160 million customers', 'six countries', 'economic growth', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'Investor Relations', 'Faisal Ghori', 'online services', 'technology-driven services', 'ISA Audit', 'incoming Board', 'four directors', 'invaluable contributions', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact information', 'upcoming AGM.', 'suitable auditor', 'The Board', 'minority shareholders', 'registered shareholders', 'director nominees', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'record date', 'AGM agenda', '24 April', 'NASDAQ', 'Company', '31 May', '25 April', 'Remuneration', 'appointment', 'excess', 'election', 'slate', 'expertise', 'perspectives', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'gratitude', '31 December', 'difficulties', 'result', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'assets', 'laying', 'financials', 'addition', 'ratification', 'PwC', 'accordance', 'Auditing', 'proposals', 'sections', 'bye-laws', '10 June', '29 June', 'wording', 'details', 'thereat', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'circumstances', 'dates', 'occurrence']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/4624347268018614,TraWell Co Conducts Sustainability Assessment With Cerved Rating Agency,"TraWell Co S.p.A.   (Italian Stock Exchange  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New York  Ticker: TRWAF)  a global reference company in protection services  luggage storage  products  and ancillary services for travelers (""Trawell"" or the ""Company"")  is pleased to ann...","TraWell Co Conducts Sustainability Assessment With Cerved Rating AgencyTraWell Co S.p.A. (Italian Stock Exchange  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New York  Ticker: TRWAF)  a global reference company in protection services  luggage storage  products  and ancillary services for travelers (""Trawell"" or the ""Company"")  is pleased to announce that it has obtained the measurement of its ESG Sustainability profile from Cerved Rating Agency   achieving an overall score of 51/100.The Cerved Rating Agency measured its ESG sustainability profile  showing that the company is in an intermediate position compared to sectorial performances in all three macro areas of Environmental  Social  and Governance analysis.Rudolph Gentile  CEO of Trawell Co  expresses satisfaction with the results: "" We decided to have the Group evaluated because we wanted to be fully aware of our starting level in the perspective of being able to undertake a steady evolutionary path.""The assessment has indeed highlighted both the company's existing strengths and areas for improvement  and in light of these  strategic development actions can be undertaken.Rudolph Gentile continues  “Improving ESG Sustainability  which we are convinced of primarily for the benefits on the environmental impact and the social community  will increasingly become a competitive factor to be valued with customers  financial institutions  and generally with all our stakeholders.”Trawell Co is firmly committed to continuous improvement in all ESG areas and pledges to provide regular updates on progress. Thanks to our proactive strategy  we aim to strengthen our commitment to comprehensive sustainability  benefiting our stakeholders and the environment.About TraWell Co.TraWell Co is the global leader in protection services  luggage storage  and ancillary products and services (including the Lost Luggage Concierge service for misplaced luggage provided by Sostravel.com). Listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker: TWL) and OTCQX New York (ticker: TRWAF)  the company operates 127 stores in 42 airports across 13 countries  with over 200 employees and 4 million customers served worldwide. TraWell Co. offers unique exposure to a portfolio of commercial activities and services to travelers. With 25 years of experience  TraWell benefits from the growth of the air travel sector and the expenditure on wellness and safety services.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240423536019/en/TraWell Co. S.p.A.IR AdvisorEdoardo Zarghettainvestor.relations@trawellco.comwww.trawellco.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['Cerved Rating Agency', 'TraWell Co', 'Sustainability Assessment', 'TraWell Co. S.p.A. IR Advisor', 'TraWell Co S.p.A.', 'Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'The Cerved Rating Agency', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'OTCQX New York', 'steady evolutionary path', 'strategic development actions', 'air travel sector', 'Edoardo Zarghetta investor', 'three macro areas', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'ESG Sustainability profile', 'global reference company', 'luggage storage', 'ESG areas', 'global leader', 'misplaced luggage', 'comprehensive sustainability', 'overall score', 'intermediate position', 'sectorial performances', 'Governance analysis', 'Rudolph Gentile', 'starting level', 'existing strengths', 'environmental impact', 'competitive factor', 'financial institutions', 'regular updates', 'proactive strategy', 'Sostravel.com', 'unique exposure', 'commercial activities', 'source version', 'Sustainability Assessment', 'protection services', 'ancillary services', 'safety services', 'social community', 'continuous improvement', 'ancillary products', '4 million customers', 'Ticker', 'TWL', 'TRWAF', 'travelers', 'measurement', 'CEO', 'satisfaction', 'results', 'Group', 'perspective', 'light', 'benefits', 'stakeholders', 'pledges', 'progress', 'commitment', '127 stores', '42 airports', '13 countries', '200 employees', 'portfolio', '25 years', 'experience', 'expenditure', 'wellness', 'businesswire', 'relations', 'trawellco']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,investorsobserver.com
39831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRAWELL-CO-S-P-A-61871328/news/TraWell-Co-Conducts-Sustainability-Assessment-With-Cerved-Rating-Agency-46509678/,TraWell Co Conducts Sustainability Assessment With Cerved Rating Agency,(marketscreener.com) TraWell Co S.p.A.   a global reference company in protection services  luggage storage  products  and ancillary services for travelers   is pleased to announce that it has obtained the measurement of its ESG Sustainability profile from C…,"TraWell Co S.p.A. (Italian Stock Exchange  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New York  Ticker: TRWAF)  a global reference company in protection services  luggage storage  products  and ancillary services for travelers (""Trawell"" or the ""Company"")  is pleased to announce that it has obtained the measurement of its ESG Sustainability profile from Cerved Rating Agency  achieving an overall score of 51/100.The Cerved Rating Agency measured its ESG sustainability profile  showing that the company is in an intermediate position compared to sectorial performances in all three macro areas of Environmental  Social  and Governance analysis.Rudolph Gentile  CEO of Trawell Co  expresses satisfaction with the results: ""We decided to have the Group evaluated because we wanted to be fully aware of our starting level in the perspective of being able to undertake a steady evolutionary path.""The assessment has indeed highlighted both the company's existing strengths and areas for improvement  and in light of these  strategic development actions can be undertaken.Rudolph Gentile continues  “Improving ESG Sustainability  which we are convinced of primarily for the benefits on the environmental impact and the social community  will increasingly become a competitive factor to be valued with customers  financial institutions  and generally with all our stakeholders.”Trawell Co is firmly committed to continuous improvement in all ESG areas and pledges to provide regular updates on progress. Thanks to our proactive strategy  we aim to strengthen our commitment to comprehensive sustainability  benefiting our stakeholders and the environment.About TraWell Co.TraWell Co is the global leader in protection services  luggage storage  and ancillary products and services (including the Lost Luggage Concierge service for misplaced luggage provided by Sostravel.com). Listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker: TWL) and OTCQX New York (ticker: TRWAF)  the company operates 127 stores in 42 airports across 13 countries  with over 200 employees and 4 million customers served worldwide. TraWell Co. offers unique exposure to a portfolio of commercial activities and services to travelers. With 25 years of experience  TraWell benefits from the growth of the air travel sector and the expenditure on wellness and safety services.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240423536019/en/",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.63,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Cerved Rating Agency', 'TraWell Co', 'Sustainability Assessment', 'TraWell Co S.p.A.', 'The Cerved Rating Agency', 'Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'OTCQX New York', 'steady evolutionary path', 'strategic development actions', 'air travel sector', 'ESG Sustainability profile', 'three macro areas', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'global reference company', 'TraWell Co.', 'ESG areas', 'comprehensive sustainability', 'global leader', 'misplaced luggage', 'overall score', 'intermediate position', 'sectorial performances', 'Governance analysis', 'Rudolph Gentile', 'starting level', 'existing strengths', 'environmental impact', 'social community', 'competitive factor', 'financial institutions', 'regular updates', 'proactive strategy', 'Sostravel.com', 'unique exposure', 'commercial activities', 'source version', 'luggage storage', 'protection services', 'ancillary services', 'safety services', 'continuous improvement', 'ancillary products', '4 million customers', 'Ticker', 'TWL', 'TRWAF', 'travelers', 'measurement', 'CEO', 'satisfaction', 'results', 'Group', 'perspective', 'assessment', 'light', 'benefits', 'stakeholders', 'progress', 'commitment', '127 stores', '42 airports', '13 countries', '200 employees', 'portfolio', '25 years', 'experience', 'expenditure', 'wellness', 'businesswire', 'news']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/trawell-co-conducts-sustainability-assessment-with-cerved-rating-agency-93CH-3392650,TraWell Co Conducts Sustainability Assessment With Cerved Rating Agency By Investing.com,TraWell Co Conducts Sustainability Assessment With Cerved Rating Agency,"GALLARATE  Italy--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TraWell Co S.p.A. (Italian Stock Exchange  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New York  Ticker: TRWAF)  a global reference company in protection services  luggage storage  products  and ancillary services for travelers (""Trawell"" or the ""Company"")  is pleased to announce that it has obtained the measurement of its ESG Sustainability profile from Cerved Rating Agency  achieving an overall score of 51/100.The Cerved Rating Agency measured its ESG sustainability profile  showing that the company is in an intermediate position compared to sectorial performances in all three macro areas of Environmental  Social  and Governance analysis.Rudolph Gentile  CEO of Trawell Co  expresses satisfaction with the results: ""We decided to have the Group evaluated because we wanted to be fully aware of our starting level in the perspective of being able to undertake a steady evolutionary path.""The assessment has indeed highlighted both the company's existing strengths and areas for improvement  and in light of these  strategic development actions can be undertaken.Rudolph Gentile continues  Improving ESG Sustainability  which we are convinced of primarily for the benefits on the environmental impact and the social community  will increasingly become a competitive factor to be valued with customers  financial institutions  and generally with all our stakeholders.Trawell Co is firmly committed to continuous improvement in all ESG areas and pledges to provide regular updates on progress. Thanks to our proactive strategy  we aim to strengthen our commitment to comprehensive sustainability  benefiting our stakeholders and the environment.About TraWell Co.TraWell Co is the global leader in protection services  luggage storage  and ancillary products and services (including the Lost Luggage Concierge service for misplaced luggage provided by Sostravel.com). Listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker: TWL) and OTCQX New York (ticker: TRWAF)  the company operates 127 stores in 42 airports across 13 countries  with over 200 employees and 4 million customers served worldwide. TraWell Co. offers unique exposure to a portfolio of commercial activities and services to travelers. With 25 years of experience  TraWell benefits from the growth of the air travel sector and the expenditure on wellness and safety services.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240423536019/en/TraWell Co. S.p.A.IR AdvisorEdoardo Zarghettainvestor.relations@trawellco.comwww.trawellco.comSource: TraWell Co S.p.A.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.34,0.25,True,English,"['Cerved Rating Agency', 'TraWell Co', 'Sustainability Assessment', 'Investing.com', 'TraWell Co. S.p.A. IR Advisor', 'TraWell Co S.p.A.', 'The Cerved Rating Agency', 'Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'OTCQX New York', 'steady evolutionary path', 'strategic development actions', 'air travel sector', '3rd party Ad.', 'Edoardo Zarghetta investor', 'ESG Sustainability profile', 'three macro areas', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'global reference company', 'luggage storage', 'ESG areas', 'comprehensive sustainability', 'global leader', 'misplaced luggage', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'overall score', 'intermediate position', 'sectorial performances', 'Governance analysis', 'Rudolph Gentile', 'starting level', 'existing strengths', 'environmental impact', 'competitive factor', 'financial institutions', 'regular updates', 'proactive strategy', 'Sostravel.com', 'unique exposure', 'commercial activities', 'Investing.com', 'protection services', 'ancillary services', 'safety services', 'social community', 'continuous improvement', 'ancillary products', '4 million customers', 'source version', 'GALLARATE', 'Ticker', 'TWL', 'TRWAF', 'travelers', 'measurement', 'CEO', 'satisfaction', 'results', 'Group', 'perspective', 'assessment', 'light', 'benefits', 'stakeholders', 'progress', 'commitment', '127 stores', '42 airports', '13 countries', '200 employees', 'portfolio', '25 years', 'experience', 'expenditure', 'wellness', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'businesswire', 'relations', 'trawellco']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,investing.com
39833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATENOR-6010/news/ATENOR-Publication-of-transparency-notification-Article-14-1st-paragraph-of-the-Law-of-2-May-20-46510273/,ATENOR : Publication of transparency notification (Article 14  1st paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings),(marketscreener.com)    Press release   Regulated information   Publication of transparency notification      La Hulpe  24 April 2024    1. Summary of the notification   Atenor received a...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATENO…,"2. Notification concerning the amendment of the agreement to act in concert The notification dated 18 April 2024 contains the following information:Atenor received a transparency notification from Alva SA  3D NV  Luxempart S.A.  Stéphan Sonneville SA and ForAtenoR SA concerning the amendment of their shareholders' agreement to act in concert.Press releaseRegulated informationAdditional informationAlva SA exited the joint concert involving Alva SA  3D NV  Luxempart SA  Stéphan Sonneville SA and ForAtenoR SA on 18 April 2024. The joint concert continues between 3D SA  Luxempart SA  Stéphan Sonneville SA  and ForAtenoR SA  although the number of shares with which they act in joint concert parties decreased on the same date.3D NV  Luxempart SA  Stéphan Sonneville SA and ForAtenoR SA act in joint concert  and not the entities or individuals who control them.Therefore  the numbers of shares mentioned in this transparency notification only pertain to the shares with which the parties act in joint concert. The parties may hold shares outside of the joint concert. The entities and individuals controlling the parties acting in joint concert parties may hold shares.The notifications can be consulted in the section Enterprise / Company Governance / Regulated Information - Transparency ofwww.atenor.euContact: Hans Vandendael for Real Serendipity CommV  International Legal Director - info@atenor.eu- Tel. +32 2 387.22.99About AtenorAtenor is a leading real estate developer at the forefront of sustainability and urbanity. Recognised for its commitment to urban resilience  Atenor takes an innovative approach in its mixed- use developments including offices  residential  and retail spaces  supported by its Research and Development department  Archilab. With an international presence and a diversified project portfolio  Atenor aims to generate returns for its investors through a value creation cycle starting from obsolete buildings. Listed on Euronext Brussels  Atenor stands as a key player in the real estate development sector.To learn more about Atenor and its projects please visit us at www.atenor.eu or contact us at investors@atenor.beDisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only and is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities. This press release is provided ""as is"" without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable case has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Atenor does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Atenor will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Atenor.This press release speaks only as of this date. Atenor refers to Atenor SA and its affiliates.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['transparency notification', '1st paragraph', 'major holdings', 'ATENOR', 'Publication', 'Article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'leading real estate developer', 'real estate development sector', 'Stéphan Sonneville SA', 'Real Serendipity CommV', 'mixed- use developments', 'diversified project portfolio', 'value creation cycle', 'International Legal Director', 'Luxempart S.A.', 'joint concert parties', 'Development department', 'Luxempart SA', 'Alva SA', 'ForAtenoR SA', '3D SA', 'international presence', '3D NV', 'Press release', 'Company Governance', 'Hans Vandendael', 'urban resilience', 'innovative approach', 'retail spaces', 'obsolete buildings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'key player', 'investment activities', 'reasonable case', 'proprietary rights', 'following information', 'Regulated information', 'Additional information', 'information purposes', ""shareholders' agreement"", 'same date', 'transparency notification', 'atenor.', 'amendment', 'April', 'number', 'shares', 'entities', 'individuals', 'notifications', 'section', 'Enterprise', 'Contact', 'Tel', 'forefront', 'sustainability', 'urbanity', 'commitment', 'offices', 'residential', 'Research', 'Archilab', 'returns', 'investors', 'projects', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'interest', 'affiliates']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARMILA-5189/news/Carmila-Launch-of-a-Share-Buyback-Program-for-10-Million-46519178/,Carmila: Launch of a Share Buyback Program for 10 Million,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Carmila has signed a cash share buyback mandate with an investment service provider for a maximum amount of €10 million.The purchase period will start on 29 April 2024 and end  at the latest  on 31 July 2024.Appr…,Regulatory News:Carmila (Paris:CARM) has signed a cash share buyback mandate with an investment service provider for a maximum amount of €10 million.The purchase period will start on 29 April 2024 and end  at the latest  on 31 July 2024.Approximately 70 000 shares repurchased will be used for the 2021 free share plan for senior executives and employees. The remainder will be held by Carmila with a view to their future cancellation.This operation falls within the framework of Carmila’s share buyback program  as authorized by the General Meeting of shareholders of 24 April 2024.INVESTOR AGENDA24 July 2024 (after market close): First half 2024 results25 July 2024: First half 2024 results presentation17 October 2024 (after market close): Financial information for the third quarter 2024ABOUT CARMILAAs the third-largest listed owner of commercial property in Europe  Carmila was founded by Carrefour and large institutional investors in order to enhance the value of shopping centres adjoining Carrefour hypermarkets in France  Spain and Italy. At 31 December 2023  its portfolio was valued at €5.9 billion and is made up of 201 shopping centres  with leading positions in their catchment areas.Carmila is listed on Euronext-Paris Compartment A under the symbol CARM. It benefits from the tax regime for French real estate investment trusts (“SIIC”). Carmila has been a member of the SBF 120 since 20 June 2022.Important noticeSome of the statements contained in this document are not historical facts but rather statements of future expectations  estimates and other forward-looking statements based on management’s beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Please refer to the most recent Universal Registration Document filed in French by Carmila with the Autorité des marchés financiers for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties. Carmila has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Carmila accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.This press release is available in the “Regulatory Information” section of Carmila’s Finance webpage:https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/regulatory-information/View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424016801/en/,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.01,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Carmila', 'Launch', 'Million', 'French real estate investment trusts', 'cash share buyback mandate', 'recent Universal Registration Document', 'First half 2024 results presentation', 'investment service provider', 'share buyback program', '2021 free share plan', 'largest listed owner', 'large institutional investors', 'marchés financiers', 'Regulatory Information” section', 'other forward-looking statements', 'future results', 'Regulatory News', 'Financial information', 'additional information', 'maximum amount', 'purchase period', 'senior executives', 'future cancellation', 'General Meeting', 'INVESTOR AGENDA', 'commercial property', 'shopping centres', 'leading positions', 'catchment areas', 'Euronext-Paris Compartment', 'tax regime', 'Important notice', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'Autorité des', 'press release', 'Finance webpage', 'source version', 'market close', 'third quarter', 'Carrefour hypermarkets', 'unknown risks', 'above statements', 'Carmila', '29 April', '31 July', '70 000 shares', 'employees', 'remainder', 'view', 'operation', 'framework', 'shareholders', '24 April', '24 July', '25 July', 'October', 'Europe', 'order', 'value', 'France', 'Spain', 'Italy', '31 December', 'portfolio', 'symbol', 'CARM.', 'SIIC', 'member', 'SBF', '20 June', 'estimates', 'management', 'beliefs', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'relation', 'factors', 'intention', 'obligation', 'liability', 'consequences', 'use', 'regulatory-information', 'businesswire']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRODWAYS-GROUP-34858210/news/Prodways-Group-Prodways-Group-announces-the-availability-of-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Do-46519724/,Prodways Group :  Prodways Group announces the availability of its 2023 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report,(marketscreener.com)  24 April 2024  Prodways Group announces that the French Financial Markets Authority approved its 2023 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report on April 23  2024.The Universal Registration Document is av…,"24 April 2024Prodways Group announces that the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – AMF) approved its 2023 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report on April 23  2024.The Universal Registration Document is available to the public in accordance with French law and may be viewed or downloaded at www.prodways-group.com  under the Financial information section. The Universal Registration Document is also available on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org).The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes:the Annual Financial Report  comprising the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related Statutory Auditors' reports;the Statutory Auditors' special report on related-party agreements and commitments;the Board of Directors' corporate governance report;information relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors;the Declaration of extra-financial performance;the required information in relation to the share repurchase program; andthe draft resolutions presented at the Shareholders' meeting on June 18  2024 as well as the Board of Directors' report on those resolutions.About Prodways GroupProdways Group is a specialist in industrial and professional 3D printing with a unique positioning as an integrated European player. The Group has developed right across the 3D printing value chain (software  machines  materials  parts & services) with a high value added technological industrial solution. Prodways Group offers a wide range of 3D printing systems and premium composite  hybrid and powder materials (SYSTEMS division). The company also manufactures and markets parts on demand  prototypes and small production run 3D printed items in plastic and metal (PRODUCTS division).Listed on Euronext Paris (FR0012613610 – PWG)  the Group reported in 2023 revenue of €75 million.For further information: www.prodways-group.comFollow us and keep up with Prodways Group's latest news on TwitterContactsINVESTORS CONCTACTAnne-Pauline PetureauxInvestor relationsTél : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72/ apetureaux@actus.frMEDIA CONTACTManon ClairetFinancial medias relationsTél : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73 / mclairet@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lmxyZ5xmZpialXByYZhrmWWWmWiTlZKcmmGXxZZsZMiXa5til5lnm5eXZnFmmGVp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of a universal registration document or its updates Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85303-mise-a-disposition-urd-2023-prodways_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Prodways Group', 'availability', 'high value added technological industrial solution', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', '3D printing value chain', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'The Universal Registration Document', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'French Financial Markets Authority', ""Statutory Auditors' special report"", 'parent company financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'professional 3D printing', '3D printed items', 'Annual Financial Report', '3D printing systems', 'share repurchase program', 'integrated European player', 'premium composite, hybrid', 'original press release', 'corporate governance report', 'Financial medias relations', 'next press releases', 'Financial information section', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'The Group', 'French law', 'management report', ""Directors' report"", 'SYSTEMS division', 'Investor relations', 'News releases', 'related-party agreements', 'extra-financial performance', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'unique positioning', 'wide range', 'small production', 'PRODUCTS division', 'Euronext Paris', 'INVESTORS CONCTACT', 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux', 'Tél', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'Manon Clairet', 'latest news', 'Regulated information', 'draft resolutions', 'powder materials', 'Prodways Group', '24 April', 'AMF', 'public', 'accordance', 'website', 'org', 'commitments', 'Board', 'fees', 'Declaration', 'June', 'specialist', 'software', 'machines', 'parts', 'services', 'demand', 'prototypes', 'plastic', 'metal', 'PWG', '2023 revenue', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'apetureaux', 'mclairet', 'lmxyZ5xmZpialXByYZhrmWWWmWiTlZKcmmGXxZZsZMiXa5til5lnm5eXZnFmmGVp', 'provision', 'documents', 'Terms', 'availability', 'updates', 'Full', 'PDF', 'disposition', 'email', '1', '2024']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868773/0/en/Ultimovacs-Announces-Poster-Presentation-at-the-2024-American-Society-of-Clinical-Oncology-ASCO-Annual-Meeting.html,Ultimovacs Announces Poster Presentation at the 2024 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting,NON-REGULATORY PRESS RELEASE                      Oslo  April 24  2024: Ultimovacs ASA (“Ultimovacs”) (OSE ULTI)  a clinical-stage biotechnology......,NON-REGULATORY PRESS RELEASEOslo  April 24  2024: Ultimovacs ASA (“Ultimovacs”) (OSE ULTI)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines  today announces that the data from the Phase II clinical trial INITIUM ( NCT04382664 )  will be presented in a poster session at the 2024 ASCO Annual Meeting  taking place May 31 – June 4  2024  in Chicago  IL & Online.INITIUM is an Ultimovacs-sponsored randomized  comparative  multicenter Phase II trial evaluating the company’s therapeutic cancer vaccine candidate UV1 in combination with the checkpoint inhibitors ipilimumab and nivolumab as first-line treatment in unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma. The trial was conducted at 39 hospitals across the U.S.  U.K.  Belgium  and Norway  and 156 patients were enrolled between June 2020 and July 2022.The poster presentation features key findings and analyses after a minimum 18-month follow-up of the patients in the trial.Presentation Details:Abstract Number: LBA9519Abstract Title: Ipilimumab and nivolumab plus UV1  an anticancer vaccination against telomerase  in advanced melanoma.Session Title: Poster Session – Melanoma/Skin CancersPoster Board: 303Date and Time: June 1  2024 1:30 PM – 4:30 PM (CT)Presenter: Paul Lorigan  Professor of Medical Oncology at the University of Manchester and Investigator in the INITIUM studyLate-Breaking Abstracts are under embargo and will be released at 7:00 AM (CT)/8:00 AM (ET) on the day of the presentation.==ENDS==About UltimovacsUltimovacs is a clinical-stage biotechnology leader in novel immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines. The lead cancer vaccine candidate UV1 is an off-the-shelf vaccine directed against human telomerase (hTERT)  an antigen present in 85-90% of cancers in all stages of tumor growth. A broad clinical program  with Phase II trials in five cancer indications enrolling more than 670 patients  aims to investigate UV1’s impact in combination with other immunotherapies in multiple cancer types. UV1 is a patented technology owned by Ultimovacs. In addition  Ultimovacs holds all rights to the proprietary TET technology platform for any possible future use of formulations in various solid tumor indications.The Company is listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (ULTI).For further information  please contact:Carlos de Sousa  CEOEmail: carlos.desousa@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 908 92507Anne Worsøe  Head of Investor RelationsEmail: anne.worsoe@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 90686815This stock exchange announcement was published by Anne Worsøe  Head of Investor Relations at Ultimovacs ASA  on April 24  2024  at 16:15 CET.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['ASCO) Annual Meeting', 'Poster Presentation', '2024 American Society', 'Clinical Oncology', 'Ultimovacs', 'Ultimovacs-sponsored randomized, comparative, multicenter Phase II trial', 'therapeutic cancer vaccine candidate UV1', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'lead cancer vaccine candidate', 'proprietary TET technology platform', 'novel immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines', 'various solid tumor indications', 'Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Phase II trials', 'five cancer indications', 'stock exchange announcement', 'multiple cancer types', 'broad clinical program', 'NON-REGULATORY PRESS RELEASE', '2024 ASCO Annual Meeting', 'minimum 18-month follow-up', 'clinical-stage biotechnology leader', 'possible future use', 'metastatic malignant melanoma', 'Anne Worsøe', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Carlos de Sousa', 'shelf vaccine', 'tumor growth', 'patented technology', 'advanced melanoma', 'poster session', 'checkpoint inhibitors', 'first-line treatment', 'U.S.', 'U.K.', 'key findings', 'Abstract Number', 'Abstract Title', 'anticancer vaccination', 'Session Title', 'Poster Board', 'Paul Lorigan', 'Medical Oncology', 'Late-Breaking Abstracts', 'other immunotherapies', 'The Company', 'Investor Relations', 'poster presentation', 'Presentation Details', 'OSE ULTI', 'Melanoma/Skin Cancers', 'human telomerase', 'INITIUM study', 'Ultimovacs ASA', 'data', 'place', 'June', 'Chicago', 'Online', 'combination', 'ipilimumab', 'nivolumab', 'unresectable', '39 hospitals', 'Belgium', 'Norway', '156 patients', 'July', 'analyses', 'LBA9519', 'Time', 'Presenter', 'Professor', 'University', 'Manchester', 'Investigator', 'embargo', '7:00 AM', 'day', 'ENDS', 'hTERT', 'antigen', 'stages', '670 patients', 'impact', 'addition', 'rights', 'formulations', 'information', 'CEO', 'Email', 'desousa', 'Phone', 'Head', 'worsoe', 'April', '16:15 CET', '303', '1:30', '4:30']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ITALIAN-WINE-BRANDS-S-P-A-20125458/news/Italian-Wine-Brands-S-p-A-IWB-reorganization-of-activities-at-the-Valle-Talloria-site-46518519/,Italian Wine Brands S p A : IWB - reorganization of activities at the Valle Talloria site,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   REORGANIZATION OF ACTIVITIES   AT THE VALLE TALLORIA SITE   Milan  April 24th  2024 - Italian Wine Brands S.p.A. announces that the subsidiaries of the Group  Giordano Vini S.p.A. and IWB Italia S.p.A.  commun…,"PRESS RELEASEREORGANIZATION OF ACTIVITIESAT THE VALLE TALLORIA SITEMilan  April 24th  2024 - Italian Wine Brands S.p.A. (""IWB"" or the ""Company"") announces that the subsidiaries of the Group  Giordano Vini S.p.A. and IWB Italia S.p.A.  communicated today to the trade unions the decision to reorganize the teleselling and the production activities at the Valle Talloria site in Diano d'Alba (Piedmont)  managed respectively by Giordano Vini S.p.A. and IWB Italia S.p.A.  to optimize productivity and to make their respective structures suitable to changed market conditions.With reference to teleselling activities  the reorganization is necessary due to the change in customer purchasing habits  increasingly oriented towards online  with related impact on sales by phone. Since years Giordano Vini S.p.A. has developed the digital part of its business  while telephone sales have afforded a progressive and unstoppable downsizing  which makes maintaining an internal organization dedicated to this no longer economically sustainable and  as such  it must therefore be closed: a choice that appears even more necessary and strategic considering the improved efficiency  in this area  of the outsourcing model which  already implemented for years by Giordano Vini S.p.A.  will be further pursued.From a manufacturing perspective  the IWB Group has grown consistently in recent years  both organically and through acquisitions. The latter  in particular  brought to the group an important production site  in ""Calmasino by Bardolino"" (VR)  where  IWB Italia is to concentrate the Piedmont production to rationalize and  eventually  reduce production costs as well as to improve efficiency of the production itself (and related activities)  at the same time arranging for the consequent transfer of the IWB Italia production staff currently operating at Valle Talloria in Diano d'Alba to the aforementioned Calmasino site .The IWB group  together with the trade unions  will study forms of support in favor of the people affected by this reorganization.FOR FURTHER INFORMATION Italian Wine Brands S.p.A. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. Ufficio Stampa Spriano Communication & Partners Viale Abruzzi 94 - Milano Euronext Growth Advisor Via Santa Radegonda 16  Milano T. +39 02 30516516 Largo Mattioli  3 - Milano T. +39 02 83424010 investors@italianwinebrands.it iwb-egm@intesasanpaolo.com mrusso@sprianocommunication.com www.italianwinebrands.it ctronconi@sprianocommunication.comItalian Wine Brands Spa | www.italianwinebrands.it | info@italianwinebrands.itSede legale Viale Abruzzi 94  20131 Milano. T +39 02 30516516Società per Azioni con c.s. di Euro 1.124.468 80Registro Imprese Milano  Monza-Brianza  Lodi N 2053323 e P.IVA 08851780968",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Italian Wine Brands', 'Valle Talloria site', 'IWB', 'reorganization', 'activities', 'FURTHER INFORMATION Italian Wine Brands S.p.A.', 'Giordano Vini S.p.A.', 'Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.', 'IWB Italia S.p.A.', 'Italian Wine Brands Spa', 'Ufficio Stampa Spriano Communication', 'Milano Euronext Growth Advisor', 'IWB Italia production staff', ""Diano d'Alba"", 'customer purchasing habits', 'Registro Imprese Milano', 'important production site', 'VALLE TALLORIA SITE', 'c.s.', 'P.IVA', 'The IWB group', 'production costs', 'Calmasino site', 'Milano T.', 'production activities', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'April 24th', 'trade unions', 'respective structures', 'market conditions', 'related impact', 'digital part', 'unstoppable downsizing', 'internal organization', 'outsourcing model', 'manufacturing perspective', 'same time', 'consequent transfer', 'Viale Abruzzi', 'Santa Radegonda', 'Largo Mattioli', 'Sede legale', 'Lodi N', 'Piedmont production', 'related activities', 'telephone sales', 'recent years', 'teleselling activities', '20131 Milano', 'REORGANIZATION', 'Company', 'subsidiaries', 'decision', 'productivity', 'reference', 'change', 'business', 'progressive', 'choice', 'efficiency', 'area', 'acquisitions', 'Bardolino', 'VR', 'forms', 'support', 'favor', 'people', 'Partners', 'italianwinebrands', 'intesasanpaolo', 'sprianocommunication', 'ctronconi', 'Società', 'Azioni', 'Monza-Brianza', '02 83424010']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VISIATIV-16579012/news/Visiativ-REVENUE-UP-5-IN-Q1-2024-46518871/,Visiativ :  REVENUE UP +5% IN Q1 2024,(marketscreener.com)  SOFTWARE: up +2%  including a substantial increase of +31% for SaaS subscriptionsCONSULTING: growth of +10%  of which +2% in organic termsARR from SaaS subscriptions up +45% to €43.4m at end-March 2024 Lyon  France  24 April…,"SOFTWARE: up +2%  including a substantial increase of +31% for SaaS subscriptionsCONSULTING: growth of +10%  of which +2% in organic termsARR from SaaS subscriptions up +45% to €43.4m at end-March 2024Lyon  France  24 April 2024 – 6pm. Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for small and medium-sized businesses  is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0004029478  ALVIV).Visiativ recorded consolidated revenue of €62.5m in Q1 2024  up +5% overall  with +10% growth in the CONSULTING division and +2% in the SOFTWARE division  including an increase of +31% in SaaS subscriptions. At constant scope and exchange rates  Visiativ's organic growth came in at -1% for the period.The CONSULTING business posted sustained growth of +10% in Q1 2024 (+2% in organic terms) driven by innovation  digital transformation and cybersecurity.The SOFTWARE business  up +5% (-2% in organic terms)  continues to transform its sales model  in line with the SHIFT5 strategic plan  with SaaS subscription sales up +31% (+18% in organic terms) in Q1 2024. SaaS subscriptions now account for 27% of the SOFTWARE division's revenue  compared with 21% for the full year 2023.ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) from SaaS subscriptions amounted to €43.4m at the end of March 2024  up +45% year-on-year (+34% in organic terms)  compared with €40.1m at the end of 2023.Recurring business  which accounts for 68% of revenue  was up 8% in Q1 2024 (+2% in organic terms).Lastly  still buoyed by the buoyancy of the CONSULTING division  international business grew by +9%  accounting for 38% of total Group activity.€m – Unaudited data as of 31/03 Q1 2023 Q1 2024 Change Organic change[1] SOFTWARE 34.1 34.8 +2% -5% o/w SaaS subscriptions 7.2 9.4 +31% +18% CONSULTING 25.3 27.8 +10% +2% TOTAL REVENUE 59.4 62.5 +5% -1% o/w International revenue 21.5 23.5 +9% -2% As a % 36% 38% o/w Recurring revenue 39.7 42.6 +8% +2% As a % 67% 68%The SOFTWARE business generated revenue of €34.8m in Q1 2024 (+2% on a reported basis  -5% on an organic basis).The transformation of Visiativ's sales model in this business  pursuant to the ambitions of the SHIFT5 strategic plan  is continuing  with SaaS (Software as a Service) subscription revenues showing a quarterly increase of +31% (+18% organic)  now accounting for 27% of the SOFTWARE business's billings  versus 21% in 2023.At end-March 2024  ARR totalled €43.4m  compared with €30.0m at end-March 2023  an increase of 45% (+34% organic) and €40.1m at end-2023  i.e. sequential organic growth of +8% in Q1 2024.The CONSULTING business grew by +10% in Q1 2024 (+2% in organic terms)  driven by companies' drive for innovation and the digital transformation and cybersecurity offers. In Q1 2024  Visiativ carried out 24 business diagnostics (vs. 14 in Q1 2023 and 85 for the full year 2023).In early April 2024  Visiativ unveiled the results of its first barometer for the digital transformation of industrial SMEs and mid-sized companies (ETIs)  the upshot of more than 5 000 interviews conducted in the scope of 416 industrial SME and ETI transformation initiatives between 2018 and 2023. This barometer provides an overview of the digitalization of companies and a snapshot of their challenges.In Q1 2024  recurring revenue (multi-year contracts  software maintenance  SaaS contracts and subscriptions) amounted to €42.6m  an increase of +8% (+2% in organic terms)  representing 68% of Visiativ's total billings.International business continued to grow in Q1 2024  with sales outside France up +9% (-2% at constant scope and exchange rates)  taking the share of international billings to 38% of the company's total for the period  versus 36% in Q1 2023.PLANNED ACQUISITION BY GROUPE SNEF OF A MAJORITY STAKE IN ALLIATIV (CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER OF VISIATIV)At the end of February 2024  Groupe SNEF and the main shareholders of Alliativ (Visiativ's controlling shareholder) signed a share transfer agreement enabling Groupe SNEF to acquire around 75.72% of Alliativ's capital.The acquisition is expected to be made by way of a cash sale  on the basis of a value through transparency equal to a price of €37.00 per Visiativ share (coupon attached)  and to be followed by the filing of a proposed public tender offer for the remaining Visiativ shares at a unit price of €37.00 per share.The transaction could be completed during the 1st half of 2024  and remains subject to obtaining the usual regulatory authorisations in terms of merger control  as well as the formal approval of certain of Visiativ's commercial partners.OUTLOOKIn the scope of the SHIFT5 strategic plan  launched in September 2023  Visiativ has set itself the financial target of achieving revenues of €500m by 2028  50% of which internationally  by combining organic growth and acquisitions  while ramping up the SaaS subscription model to bring ARR to the €100m mark.To meet the challenges that face the industry of the future and those posed by innovation  Visiativ intends to give prominence to these strategic objectives in 2024  with a focus on its international development and the shift in its sales model towards SaaS subscriptions.FINANCIAL AGENDAÉVENEMENTS DATES Annual General Meeting Tuesday 21 May 2024 Q2 2024 revenues Wednesday 24 July 2024 H1 2024 results Monday 23 September 2024 Q3 2024 revenues Thursday 24 October 2024 Full-year 2024 revenue Monday 27 January 2025 Full-year 2024 results Monday 24 March 2025These dates are an indication and may be changed if necessary. All publications will be issued after close of trading markets on Euronext Paris.ABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 25 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €277 million in 2023. Visiativ is present both in France and abroad (Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  Poland  the United Kingdom  U.A.E  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 500 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.comVISIATIV CONTACTLydia JOUVALExternal CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)4 78 87 29 29lydia.jouval@visiativ.com INVESTOR CONTACTACTUSMathieu OMNESTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr PRESS CONTACTACTUSSerena BONITel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.fr[1] growth at constant consolidation scope  restated for the consolidation of Visiativ CPQ and EBM (consolidated on August 1  2023)  MMP Tax and 1Life (consolidated on October 1  2023)  3C Evolution (consolidated on January 1  2024)  SOLID Applications (consolidated on February 1  2024)  the disposal of VMS (deconsolidated on April 30  2023)  and at constant exchange rates.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yWueacqXZ2aUym1yaclrbmJoa5pjyGGZZpWdx5abZZzKmW1gx2+SZ8eeZnFml2xo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85272-visiativ-pr-q1-2024-20240424-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Visiativ', 'Q1', 'public tender offer', 'usual regulatory authorisations', 'SHIFT5 strategic plan', 'total Group activity', 'Service) subscription revenues', 'ETI transformation initiatives', 'share transfer agreement', 'SaaS subscription model', 'remaining Visiativ shares', 'SaaS subscription sales', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'sequential organic growth', 'The SOFTWARE business', 'The CONSULTING business', 'strategic objectives', 'Recurring business', 'sales model', 'international business', '24 business diagnostics', 'SaaS contracts', 'Organic change', 'digital transformation', 'medium-sized businesses', 'exchange rates', 'Unaudited data', 'industrial SMEs', '416 industrial SME', 'multi-year contracts', 'GROUPE SNEF', 'MAJORITY STAKE', 'main shareholders', 'cash sale', '1st half', 'merger control', 'formal approval', 'commercial partners', 'financial target', '€100m mark', 'international developmen', 'organic terms', 'SaaS subscriptions', 'SOFTWARE division', 'software maintenance', 'Euronext Growth', 'sustained growth', 'CONSULTING division', 'consolidated revenue', 'TOTAL REVENUE', 'International revenue', 'full year', 'total billings', 'international billings', 'constant scope', 'cybersecurity offers', 'early April', 'first barometer', 'mid-sized companies', 'PLANNED ACQUISITION', 'unit price', 'organic basis', 'substantial increase', 'quarterly increase', 'innovation expert', '31/03 Q1', 'Q1 2024 Change', 'controlling shareholder', '+10% growth', '24 April', 'ARR', 'end-March', 'Lyon', 'France', '6pm', 'small', 'Paris', 'ALVIV', 'period', 'line', 'buoyancy', 'ambitions', 'results', 'ETIs', 'upshot', '5,000 interviews', 'overview', 'digitalization', 'snapshot', 'challenges', 'company', 'ALLIATIV', 'February', 'capital', 'way', 'value', 'transparency', 'coupon', 'filing', 'transaction', 'OUTLOOK', 'September', 'acquisitions', 'industry', 'future', 'prominence', 'focus']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868874/0/en/Casino-Group-Reverse-share-split.html,Casino Group: Reverse share split,"Casino launches reverse share split   Paris  24 April 2024  Casino  Guichard-Perrachon (""Casino "") announces today (i) the implementation of the...","Casino launches reverse share splitParis  24 April 2024Casino  Guichard-Perrachon (""Casino "") announces today (i) the implementation of the reverse share split of its share capital through the exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares for one (1) new share and (ii) the reduction in share capital by reducing the nominal value of shares decided by the Board of Directors of Casino on 24 April 2024  in accordance with the twelfth and thirteenth resolutions approved by the shareholders meeting as a class of parties affected by Casino’s accelerated safeguard plan approved by the Paris Commercial Court on 26 February 2024  on 11 January 2024 (the ""Shareholders' Meeting"").These technical adjustments are purely arithmetical and have no impact on the value of Casino shares held by each shareholder.The reverse share split will have no impact on the terms of participation in the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held on 11 June 2024  the effective date of the reverse share split occurring after 11 June 2024.Terms and conditions of the reverse share splitStart date of the reverse share split : the reverse share split will start  at the earliest  at the end of a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of publication of the reverse share split notice  to be published by the Company in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 29 April 2024  i.e. on 14 May 2024: the reverse share split will start  at the earliest  at the end of a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of publication of the reverse share split notice  to be published by the Company in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 29 April 2024  i.e. on 14 May 2024 Basis for consolidation : exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares with a nominal value of one euro cent (€0.01) for one (1) new share with a nominal value of one euro (€1) and current dividend rights.: exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares with a nominal value of one euro cent (€0.01) for one (1) new share with a nominal value of one euro (€1) and current dividend rights. Number of existing shares subject to the reverse share split : thirty-seven billion three hundred and four million eighty thousand seven hundred and thirty-five (37 304 080 735) shares  each with a nominal value of one euro cent (€0.01)  corresponding to the total number of shares comprising the Company's share capital (subject to the exercise of any share warrants issued by the Company).: thirty-seven billion three hundred and four million eighty thousand seven hundred and thirty-five (37 304 080 735) shares  each with a nominal value of one euro cent (€0.01)  corresponding to the total number of shares comprising the Company's share capital (subject to the exercise of any share warrants issued by the Company). Number of new shares to be issued on consolidation: three hundred and seventy-three million  forty thousand  eight hundred and seven (373 040 807) shares  each with a nominal value of one euro (€1.00) (subject to the exercise of warrants issued by the Company)1.The final number of new shares resulting from the reverse share split will be recorded by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer at the end of the reverse share split2.Consolidation period : from 14 May 2024 (included) to 13 June 2024 (included).: from 14 May 2024 (included) to 13 June 2024 (included). Securities forming an allotment : the conversion of existing shares into new shares will be carried out automatically.: the conversion of existing shares into new shares will be carried out automatically. Fractional shares: shareholders who do not hold a number of existing shares corresponding to a whole number of new shares must personally purchase or sell fractional shares in order to obtain a multiple of one hundred (100) until 13 June 2024 (included). After this deadline  shareholders who have not been able to obtain a number of shares in multiples of one hundred (100) will be compensated by their financial intermediary in accordance with Articles L. 228-6-1 and R. 228-12 of the French Commercial Code and market practice.Non-consolidated shares will be delisted at the end of the consolidation period.Centralization: all transactions relating to the reverse share split will take place at Uptevia  90-110  Esplanade du Général de Gaulle - 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  appointed as centralizing agent for the reverse share split. In accordance with Articles L. 228-6-1 and R. 228-12 of the French Commercial Code  any new shares that cannot be allotted individually and that correspond to fractional rights will be sold on the stock market by the account holders  and the proceeds of the sale will be allocated in proportion to the fractional rights of the holders of these rights.The old shares subject to the reverse share will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris under ISIN code FR0000125585  until 13 June 2024  the last day of trading. The new shares resulting from the reverse share split will be admitted to trading on the Euronext regulated market in Paris from 14 June 2024  the first day of trading  and will be assigned the following ISIN code: FR001400OKR3.Suspension of the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital : as part of the implementation of this reverse share split  the Company has  in accordance with Articles L. 225-149-1 and R. 225-133 of the French Commercial Code  informed the holders of each class of share warrants of the temporary suspension of the right to exercise the share warrants from 6 May 2024 (included) until 17 June 2024 (included).: as part of the implementation of this reverse share split  the Company has  in accordance with Articles L. 225-149-1 and R. 225-133 of the French Commercial Code  informed the holders of each class of share warrants of the temporary suspension of the right to exercise the share warrants from 6 May 2024 (included) until 17 June 2024 (included). Adjustment of the exercise parity of warrants and free share allotment rights : following the reverse share split  the exercise parity of warrants issued by the Company on 27 March 2024 and free share allotment rights under the Company's current free share allotment plans will be adjusted to take account of the reverse share split  in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to each of the concerned instruments.: following the reverse share split  the exercise parity of warrants issued by the Company on 27 March 2024 and free share allotment rights under the Company's current free share allotment plans will be adjusted to take account of the reverse share split  in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to each of the concerned instruments. Voting rights: the new shares will immediately carry double voting rights  provided they are held in registered form  if at the date of the reverse share split each of the old shares from which they are issued carried double voting rights. In the event of a reverse share split of existing shares that have been registered since different dates  the period used to assess the double voting rights of the new shares will be deemed to begin on the most recent date on which the existing shares were registered.A notice of the reverse share split will be published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 29 April 2024.Terms and conditions of reduction in share capital motivated by losses by reducing the nominal value of Casino sharesAt its meeting of 24 April 2024  Casino's Board of Directors decided to implement the capital reduction in accordance with the terms of the authorization granted to it by Shareholders' Meeting.The nominal value of each Company share will be reduced from one euro (€1.00) to one euro cent (€0.01)  representing a reduction of ninety-nine euro cents per share. The amount of this capital reduction will be allocated to a special reserve account entitled ""Special reserve arising from the Capital Reduction n°2 decided on January 11  2024"" and may only be used to offset losses incurred by the Company.After the capital reduction  the nominal value of the new shares will be identical to the par value of the existing shares (before the reverse share split).The reduction in nominal value is a purely technical operation  with no impact on the market value of Casino shares or on the number of shares outstanding.Until 26 April 2024  existing Casino shares (FR0000125585) will remain eligible for the Service de Règlement Différé (SRD) and may therefore continue to be subject to deferred settlement.As from 26 April 2024  they will no longer be eligible for the SRD and will have to be settled in cash until their last trading day  i.e. 13 June 2024.Timetable of transactions involving Casino share capital25 April 2024 Publication by Euronext of the notice announcing that the shares issued by Casino will no longer be eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD) with effect from 27 April 2024 (inclusive) 29 April 2024 Publication of the reverse share split notice in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO)  also announcing the period of suspension of the exercise of securities giving access to the share capital in the BALO 6 May 2024 Opening of the period of suspension of the exercise of securities giving access to the share capital 10 May 2024 Publication by Euronext of the notice announcing the launch of the reverse split of the shares issued by Casino 14 May 2024 Launching of the reverse share split From 14 May to 13 June 2024 Exchange period (30 days) 13 June 2024 Last day of trading of non-consolidated shares (old shares) 14 June 2024 Effective date of the reverse share splitDelisting of old sharesListing of new shares under new ISIN code (consolidated shares)Effective date of reduction in share capital by reducing the nominal value of Casino shares 17 June 2024 Record date 18 June 2024 Closing of the period of suspension of the exercise of securities giving access to the share capital: Resumption of the right to exercise securities giving access to the share capital 18 June 2024 Delivery of new shares From 18 June to 18 July 2024 Period of sale of new shares that could not be allocated individually and corresponding to fractional rights (30 market practice days). Indemnification of the concerned shareholders for their share of the proceeds from the sale of fractional shares.This press release has been prepared for information purposes only and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Similarly  it does not constitute  and should not be treated as  an investment advice. It has no regard to the investment objectives  financial situation or particular needs of any receiver. No representation or warranty  express or implied  is made as to the accuracy  completeness or reliability of the information contained herein. It should not be considered by recipients as a substitute for the exercise of their own judgment. All opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice.***ANALYST AND INVESTOR RELATIONSChristopher WELTON – cwelton.exterieur@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 64 17orIR_Casino@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 24 17PRESS RELATIONSCasino Group – Communications departmentStéphanie ABADIE - sabadie@groupe-casino.fr - Tel : +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05ordirectiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: + 33(0)1 53 65 24 78IMAGE 7 AgencyKarine ALLOUIS - kallouis@image7.fr - Tel: +33 (0)6 11 59 23 26Laurent POINSOT - lpoinsot@image7.fr - Tel: + 33(0)6 80 11 73 52Franck PASQUIER - fpasquier@image7.fr - Tel: + 33(0)6 73 62 57 991 The number of shares resulting from the reverse share split may be adjusted in the event that holders of securities giving access to the capital exercise them outside the period of suspension of their right to exercise. The definitive number of shares resulting from the reverse share split will be recorded by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer at the end of the reverse share split.2 The number of shares resulting from the reverse share split may be adjusted in the event that holders of securities giving access to the capital exercise their rights outside the period of suspension of their exercise rights. The final number of shares resulting from the reverse share split will be recorded by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company at the end of the reverse share split.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Reverse share split', 'Casino Group', 'Esplanade du Général de Gaulle', 'four million eighty thousand seven hundred', 'Paris La Défense Cedex', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'thirty-seven billion three hundred', 'reverse share split notice', 'one hundred (100) existing shares', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Paris Commercial Court', 'French Commercial Code', 'Annual General Meeting', 'one euro cent', 'current dividend rights', 'one (1) new share', 'Euronext regulated marke', 'forty thousand', 'eight hundred', 'seven (373,040,807) shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'Articles L.', 'share capital', 'ISIN code', 'regulated market', 'share warrants', 'new shares', 'fractional rights', 'thirteenth resolutions', 'safeguard plan', 'technical adjustments', 'fifteen (15) days', 'Fractional shares', 'financial intermediary', 'market practice', 'Non-consolidated shares', 'centralizing agent', 'stock market', 'old shares', 'last day', 'nominal value', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'effective date', 'Start date', 'account holders', 'total number', 'final number', 'Casino shares', 'Consolidation period', '37,304,080,735) shares', '24 April', 'Guichard-Perrachon', 'implementation', 'exchange', 'reduction', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'twelfth', 'class', 'parties', '26 February', '11 January', 'impact', 'terms', 'participation', '11 June', 'conditions', 'publication', 'Company', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', '29 April', '14 May', 'Basis', 'exercise', 'five', '13 June', 'Securities', 'allotment', 'conversion', 'order', 'multiple', 'deadline', 'R.', 'Centralization', 'transactions', 'place', 'Uptevia', 'proceeds', 'sale', 'proportion', 'trading']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLULARLINE-S-P-A-34281604/news/CELLULARLINE-S-P-A-Ordinary-Shareholders-meeting-April-24-2024-46517653/,CELLULARLINE S.P.A.: Ordinary Shareholders' meeting - April 24  2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF CELLULARLINE S.P.A.    The financial statements as at 31 December 2023 have been approved   The allocation of the year's result has been approved  along with the distribution…,"PRESS RELEASE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF CELLULARLINE S.P.A. The financial statements as at 31 December 2023 have been approvedThe allocation of the year's result has been approved  along with the distribution of a cash dividend - partly ordinary  up to the full amount of the year's profit  and partly extraordinary  from available reserves - and an additional extraordinary dividend through the assignment of treasury shares held in portfolioReport on the remuneration policy and fees paid approved.An incentive remuneration plan based on financial instruments has been approved  called the""Cellularline S.p.A. 2024-2026 Incentive Plan"". Reggio Emilia  24 April 2024 - The Shareholders' Meeting of Cellularline S.p.A. (hereinafter referred to as 'Cellularline' or the 'Company' or the 'Group')  a leading European company in the sector of accessories for smartphones and tablets  listed on Euronext STAR Milan  which met today in ordinary session at the company's registered office  has approved all proposals on the agenda. Approval of the Financial statements as at 31 December 2023 The Shareholders' Meeting has approved the Financial statements as at 31 December 2023  as proposed by the Board of Directors on 13 March 2024. Cellularline S.p.A. closed the year with revenues from sales of Euro 126.8 million  a period economic result of Euro 1.1 million and shareholders' equity equal to Euro 128.1 million. The Group's Consolidated financial statements for the year as at 31 December 2023 report revenues from sales of Euro 158.6 million  a Group net profit of Euro 3.6 million and a Group shareholders' equity equal to Euro 134.7 million. Approval of the allocation of the year's result and distribution of an ordinary dividend1  partly in cash and partly in shares The Shareholders' Meeting has resolved to allocate the profit for the financial year ending 31 December 2023  amounting to Euro 1 136 461  to the distribution of an ordinary dividend of Euro 0.054 per share. In addition  the Shareholders' Meeting has resolved to distribute  as a dividend  a portion of the ""Retained Earnings Reserve"" in cash in the amount of Euro 0.033 per eligible ordinary share  and thus for a maximum of Euro 697 752  and a dividend through the free assignment to shareholders of a maximum of 329 420 ordinary treasury shares (corresponding to 1.51% of the share capital)  in the amount of 1 ordinary share for every 64 ordinary shares held  excluding shares in the Company's portfolio on the day prior to the ex-dividend date. The dividend distribution schedule is as follows: ex-dividend date 20 May 2024  record date 21 May 2024 and payment from 22 May 2024. The shares allocated will be made available to those entitled to them  through the intermediaries belonging to the centralised management system at Euronext Securities Milan. In the event that the shares held by the 1 The term 'ordinary' is used in accordance with stock exchange practice 1shareholder as of 20 May 2024 (ex-dividend date) do not entitle the shareholder to a whole number of shares  the Cellularline shares  to be allocated on 21 May 2024 (record date) will be rounded down to the nearest whole number. In this regard  it is also announced that the information document prepared pursuant to Article 1  paragraph 4  letter h) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  containing information on the number and nature of the treasury shares subject to allocation and the reasons and details of the transaction  is available to the public  as of today  at the registered office in Reggio Emilia  via Lambrakis 1/A  on the authorised storage mechanism ""1infostorage"" of Computershare S.p.A. at the address www.1info.it and published on the Company's website at the address www.cellularlinegroup.com. Report on the remuneration policy and fees paid approved The Shareholders' Meeting has examined the Report on the Remuneration Policy and fees paid (the ""Report on Remuneration"") prepared by the Company's Board of Directors in accordance with Articles 123-ter and Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 (the 'Consolidated Finance Act') and Article 84-quater of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999 and prepared in accordance with Annex 3A  Schedule 7-bis of the same Issuers' Regulation. The Shareholders' Meeting has approved the first section of the Report on remuneration and  therefore the policy for the remuneration of members of the Company's administrative bodies  general managers and key managers. The Shareholders' Meeting has also resolved in favour of the second section of the Report on remuneration. An incentive remuneration plan based on financial instruments has been approved  called the ""Cellularline S.p.A. 2024-2026 Incentive Plan"" After having examined the relevant Information Document  the Shareholders' Meeting has approved the Cellularline S.p.A. financial instrument-based incentive and loyalty plan called the ""Cellularline S.p.A. 2024- 2026 Incentive Plan""  the regulation of which will be approved later by the Cellularline S.p.A. Board of Directors  to which the Shareholders' Meeting has conferred all and any powers necessary and/or appropriate to duly execute said Plan  including  merely by way of example  all powers to identify the beneficiaries and determine the number of ""Rights"" to be assigned to each  to proceed with the assignments to the beneficiaries  to determine the target value and verify the level of achievement of the performance objectives and other conditions envisaged by the ""Cellularline S.p.A. 2024-2026Incentive Plan"" for the accrual of the Rights and consequent attribution to the beneficiaries of ordinary shares in the Company  as well as to carry out all acts  deeds and formalities and make all communications as are necessary or appropriate to manage and/or implement said plan and the related regulation  with the faculty to delegate its powers  duties and responsibilities in respect of the execution and application of the plan to each of the Chief Executive Officers of Cellularline S.p.A.. *** This press release is available on the Company's website www.cellularlinegroup.com  Investors/Press Releases section and on the authorised storage system www.1info.it. The Financial Statements for FY 2023 approved by the Shareholders' Meeting  containing the Directors' Report  the certifications pursuant to Article 154-bis  paragraph 5 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the ""Consolidated Law on Finance"")  as well as the Reports prepared by the Independent Auditors and 2",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['CELLULARLINE S.P.A.', ""Ordinary Shareholders' meeting"", 'April', 'Cellularline S.p.A. financial instrument-based incentive', 'Cellularline S.p.A. Board', ""PRESS RELEASE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'Computershare S.p.A.', 'Retained Earnings Reserve', 'centralised management system', 'stock exchange practice', 'Italian Legislative Decree', 'Consolidated Finance Act', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'additional extraordinary dividend', 'Consolidated financial statements', ""same Issuers' Regulation"", 'period economic result', 'nearest whole number', 'incentive remuneration plan', 'Euronext Securities Milan', 'relevant Information Document', ""Group shareholders' equity"", 'leading European company', 'Group net profit', '329,420 ordinary treasury shares', '26 Incentive Plan', 'dividend distribution schedule', 'Cellularline shares', 'The Group', 'financial instruments', 'STAR Milan', 'ordinary session', 'loyalty plan', '1 ordinary share', '64 ordinary shares', 'available reserves', 'Reggio Emilia', 'registered office', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'Lambrakis 1/A', 'storage mechanism', 'Annex 3A', 'first section', 'administrative bodies', 'general managers', 'key managers', 'second section', 'financial year', 'share capital', 'Consob Regulation', 'remuneration policy', 'free assignment', 'cash dividend', 'full amount', '31 December', 'allocation', 'portfolio', 'Report', 'fees', 'sector', 'accessories', 'smartphones', 'tablets', 'proposals', 'agenda', 'Approval', 'Directors', '13 March', 'revenues', 'sales', 'portion', 'eligible', 'maximum', 'day', 'payment', '22 May', 'intermediaries', 'event', 'accordance', '20 May', '21 May', 'regard', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'letter', 'nature', 'reasons', 'details', 'transaction', 'public', '1infostorage', 'address', 'website', 'cellularlinegroup', 'members', 'favour', 'powers']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORVIA-EX-FAURECIA-4647/news/FORVIA-SUCCESSFULLY-PRICES-AN-ADDITIONAL-200-MILLION-OF-5-500-SENIOR-NOTES-DUE-2031-46519050/,FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES AN ADDITIONAL 200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031,(marketscreener.com) Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan NANTERRE APRIL 24  2024 FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES AN ADDITIONAL €200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 FORVIA has successfully priced it…,"Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or JapanNANTERRE (FRANCE)APRIL 24  2024FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES AN ADDITIONAL €200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031FORVIA has successfully priced its offering of €200 million of additional 5.500% senior notes due 2031 (the “New Notes”). FORVIA priced the New Notes at 101.75% of par  or a yield of 5.20%.The New Notes obtained a credit rating in line with the long-term credit rating of FORVIA (i.e. “BB+” by Fitch Ratings  “Ba2” by Moody’s and “BB” by Standard & Poor’s).FORVIA intends to use the proceeds of the offering of the New Notes to fund the repurchase in part of FORVIA’s 7.250% sustainability-linked notes due 2026 (the “Existing Notes”) in a cash tender offer (the “Tender Offer”)  to pay certain fees  expenses  premiums and accrued interest and  if  in FORVIA’s discretion  substantial proceeds remain  FORVIA intends to use such remaining proceeds to partially redeem the Existing Notes (the “Redemption”).The Tender Offer on the Existing Notes launched on 24 April 2024 remains subject to conditions  such as the completion of the offering of the New Notes. FORVIA plans to repurchase io the Existing Notes in an amount up to the principal amount of the New Notes. The final amount of Existing Notes accepted in the Tender Offer will be subject to the final amounts of tenders received. The results of the tender offer are expected to be published on 2 May 2024.These transactions allow the Group to actively manage its maturities and extend its debt average maturity.An application has been made to list the New Notes on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. The settlements of the New Notes and the Tender Offer on existing notes are expected to occur on 7 May 2024. The Redemption  if any  is expected to settle on 13 May 2024.PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS Christophe MALBRANQUEGroup Influence Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.com Marc MAILLETGroup Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYGroup Deputy Investor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 26 89 33 69sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIAFORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With around 260 industrial sites and 78 R&D centers  over 150 000 people  including more than 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 13 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group achieved a consolidated revenue of 27.25 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comIMPORTANT NOTICEThis document is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The notes being offered by Forvia (the ""Notes"") may not be sold in the United States unless they are registered under the Securities Act or are exempt from registration. The offering of Notes described in this announcement has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and accordingly any offer or sale of Notes may be made only in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.Nothing herein shall be construed as an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell or buy any notes  including the Existing Notes. Nothing herein constitutes a notice of redemption for the Existing Notes.It may be unlawful to distribute this document in certain jurisdictions. This document is not for distribution in Canada  Japan or Australia. The information in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Canada  Japan or Australia.Promotion of the Notes in the United Kingdom is restricted by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)  and accordingly  the Notes are not being promoted to the general public in the United Kingdom. This announcement is directed solely at (i) persons located outside the United Kingdom  (ii) persons with professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order and (iv) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”)) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Issuer or any member of its group may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons in (i) – (iv) above being “relevant persons”). Any investment activity to which this announcement relates will only be available to and will only be engaged with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation EU 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or an offer to the public.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) or an offer to the public.MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only/No PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (MIFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in EEA.MiFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No UK PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (UK MIFIR product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the UK.Neither the content of Forvia’s website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on Forvia’s website is incorporated in  or forms part of  this announcement. The distribution of this announcement into any jurisdiction may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.No money  securities or other consideration is being solicited  and  if sent in response to the information contained herein  no money  securities or other consideration will be accepted.Attachment",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES', '5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE', 'ADDITIONAL 200 MILLION', '7th global automotive technology supplier', 'Iria MONTOUTO Group Media Relations', 'Christophe MALBRANQUE Group Influence Director', 'high net worth entities', 'Deputy Investor Relations Director', 'Sébastien LEROY Group', 'Marc MAILLET Group Head', 'Global Exchange Market', 'debt average maturity', '78 R&D centers', '15,000 R&D engineers', 'strong IP portfolio', 'FRVIA mnemonic code', 'Euronext Paris market', 'CAC SBT 1.5° indices', 'long-term credit rating', '5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE', 'FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES', 'cash tender offer', 'additional 5.500% senior notes', 'The Tender Offer', 'The New Notes', 'complementary technology', 'automotive challenges', 'Euronext Dublin', 'CAC Next 20', 'United States', 'Fitch Ratings', 'accrued interest', 'final amounts', 'The Redemption', 'PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'industrial strengths', '260 industrial sites', '40+ countries', 'comprehensive approach', '6 business groups', 'integration partner', 'consolidated revenue', '27.25 billion euros', 'change maker', 'mobility transformation', 'United Kingdom', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'general public', 'professional experience', 'investment activity', '7.250% sustainability-linked notes', 'Existing Notes', 'substantial proceeds', 'remaining proceeds', 'principal amount', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'Securities Act', 'registration requirements', 'Financial Promotion', 'other persons', 'FORVIA SE', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'APRIL', 'MILLION', 'offering', 'yield', 'line', 'BB', 'Ba2', 'Moody', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'repurchase', 'fees', 'expenses', 'premiums', 'discretion', 'conditions', 'completion', 'tenders', 'results', '2 May', 'transactions', 'maturities', 'application', 'settlements', '7 May', '13 May', 'sebastien', 'Faurecia', 'HELLA', '150,000 people', 'unique', 'today', 'tomorrow', '13,000 patents', 'innovation', 'OEMS', 'component', 'document', 'sale', 'announcement', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'jurisdictions', 'information', 'FSMA', 'matters', 'investments', 'Article', 'Order', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'meaning', 'section', 'connection', 'issue']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868895/0/en/HighCo-Q1-2024-GROSS-PROFIT.html,HighCo: Q1 2024 GROSS PROFIT,Aix-en-Provence  24 April 2024 (6 p.m.)     HIGHCO: STABLE ACTIVITY IN Q1 2024 (GROSS PROFIT UP 0.5% LFL) WITH A STRONG PERFORMANCE IN THE ACTIVATION......,Aix-en-Provence  24 April 2024 (6 p.m.)HIGHCO: STABLE ACTIVITY IN Q1 2024 (GROSS PROFIT UP 0.5% LFL) WITH A STRONG PERFORMANCE IN THE ACTIVATION BUSINESS; 2024 GUIDANCE CONFIRMEDBetter-than-expected Q1 2024 with 12.8% growth in the Activation divisionQ1 2024 1 gross profit of €18.85 m  up slightly by 0.5% LFL 2 .gross profit of €18.85 m  up slightly by 0.5% LFL . Growth in businesses in France (up 1.3% LFL) and decline in international business (down 5.2% LFL).Casino: ongoing talks2024 guidance confirmedDrop in gross profit of about 10%.Operating margin of more than 15%.2023 Annual Financial Report and Annual General Meeting on 21 May 2024Gross Profit (€ m)1 2024 2023 LFL2 2024/2023LFL2 change Q1 18.85 18.77 +0.5%1 Unaudited data.2 Like for like: Based on a comparable scope and at constant exchange rates (i.e. applying the average exchange rate over the period to data from the compared period).Didier Chabassieu  Chairman of the Management Board  stated  “HighCo’s performance in the first quarter of 2024 was better than expected  with a strong start to the year for the Activation businesses. As announced  the gradual sale of Casino stores has resulted in decreased activity for the Consulting & Advertising businesses. This decline will be more pronounced in the second quarter.”BETTER-THAN-EXPECTED Q1 2024 WITH 12.8% GROWTH IN THE ACTIVATION DIVISIONHighCo posted gross profit of €18.85 m in Q1 2024 (up 0.5% LFL).This business performance is due to:Sharp growth in the Activation division (up 12.8% LFL) . This better-than-expected outcome is due to the significant increase in the number of coupons processed in France and the strength of promotion management businesses;division . This better-than-expected outcome is due to the significant increase in the number of coupons processed in France and the strength of promotion management businesses; Decline in the Mobile division (down 13.2% LFL)   resulting from stable SMS push notification activity and a slowdown in Mobile consulting businesses;division   resulting from stable SMS push notification activity and a slowdown in Mobile consulting businesses; Expected decline in the Retail Consulting & Advertising division (down 12.7% LFL) due to Casino.Business growth in FranceFRANCEGross Profit (€ m) 2024/2023 LFL change% Total gross profit2024 2023 LFL Q1 16.52 16.30 +1.3% 87.6%In France  Q1 2024 gross profit increased by 1.3% to €16.52 m  accounting for 87.6% of the Group’s gross profit over the quarter. This growth is the result of strong processing activities for coupons and other promotional offers but was counter-balanced by the decline in the Mobile consulting and Retail Consulting & Advertising divisions.Decline in International businessesINTERNATIONALGross Profit (€ m) 2024/2023 LFL change% Total gross profit2024 2023 LFL Q1 2.33 2.46 -5.2% 12.4%In International business  Q1 2024 gross profit fell (down 5.2% LFL) to €2.33 m  accounting for 12.4% of the Group’s gross profit.In Belgium  gross profit fell by 5.7% due to the decline in coupon processing. This was partially offset by the positive trend in traditional promotions management.Businesses in Spain remained relatively stable (down 0.9%) and accounted for 1.3% of the Group’s gross profit.CASINO: ONGOING TALKSBusiness activity with Casino in Q1 2024 was in line with expectations. HighCo confirms the anticipated strong decline in its gross profit in 2024.The talks initiated at the beginning of the year concerning the future of relations in 2025 and 2026 continued over the quarter.2024 GUIDANCE CONFIRMEDGiven the performance reported for Q1 and the business decline expected for Q2  the Group confirms its guidance for 2024:Decrease in gross profit of about 10% (2023 gross profit: €74.35 m);(2023 gross profit: €74.35 m); Operating margin (headline PBIT/gross profit) of more than 15% (2023 operating margin: 22.1%).2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT AND 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGHighCo’s 2023 Universal Registration Document was filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (French financial markets authority) on 16 April 2024 under No. D.24-0286. The document contains the annual financial report and is available on HighCo’s website (www.highco.com)  under Investors > Regulated information > Annual Financial Report.The Annual General Meeting will be held at the head office in Aix-en-Provence on 21 May 2024 at 11 a.m. A dividend of €0.20 per share with respect to FY 2023 will be proposed at the meeting  with the payment date scheduled for 28 May 2024 (ex-dividend date of 24 May 2024).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has nearly 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile Collina-Hue Nicolas CassarManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventsPublications take place after market close .Q2 and H1 2024 Gross Profit: Thursday  18 July 20242024 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  11 September 2024Conference call on 2024 half-year earnings: Thursday  12 September 2024 at 10 a.m.Q3 and 9-month YTD 2024 Gross Profit: Wednesday  16 October 2024Q4 and FY 2024 Gross Profit: Wednesday  22 January 2025HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS)  CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims all liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.8,0.11,mixed,0.63,0.23,0.14,True,English,"['Q1 2024 GROSS PROFIT', 'HighCo', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'stable SMS push notification activity', 'SME equity savings plans', 'French financial markets authority', 'The Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual Financial Report', '2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'constant exchange rates', 'average exchange rate', 'other promotional offers', 'traditional promotions management', 'headline PBIT/gross profit', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'promotion management businesses', 'strong processing activities', 'Total gross profit', 'STABLE ACTIVITY', 'Mobile consulting businesses', 'THE ACTIVATION DIVISION', 'Q1 2024 gross profit', 'Business activity', 'Management Board', 'coupon processing', '1 gross profit', 'Activation businesses', 'Mobile division', 'strong start', 'Advertising businesses', 'Operating margin', 'comparable scope', 'Didier Chabassieu', 'gradual sale', 'significant increase', 'Advertising divisions', 'positive trend', 'Regulated information', 'head office', 'payment date', 'expert marketing', 'compartment C', 'Euronext Paris', 'Gold rating', 'responsible purchasing', 'International businesses', 'STRONG PERFORMANCE', 'Retail Consulting', 'ongoing talks', 'BETTER-THAN-EXPECTED Q1', 'business performance', 'CSR performance', '2024 GUIDANCE CONFIRMED', 'LFL2 change', '1 Unaudited data', 'first quarter', 'second quarter', 'dividend date', 'strong decline', 'Sharp growth', 'Business growth', 'business decline', 'Casino stores', 'LFL Q1', '12.8% growth', '0.5% LFL', '3% LFL', '5.2% LFL', '8% LFL', '13.2% LFL', '12.7% LFL', 'Provence', '24 April', 'HIGHCO', 'France', '21 May', 'period', 'Chairman', 'year', 'decreased', 'outcome', 'number', 'coupons', 'strength', 'slowdown', 'Group', 'result', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'expectations', 'beginning', 'future', 'relations', '16 April', 'No.', 'website', 'Investors', '11 a', 'share', 'respect', 'FY', '28 May', '24 May', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'transformation', 'PEA-PME', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868926/0/en/FORVIA-SUCCESSFULLY-PRICES-AN-ADDITIONAL-200-MILLION-OF-5-500-SENIOR-NOTES-DUE-2031.html,FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES AN ADDITIONAL €200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031,Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan  NANTERRE (FRANCE)APRIL 24  2024  FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY...,"Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or JapanNANTERRE (FRANCE)APRIL 24  2024FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES AN ADDITIONAL €200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031FORVIA has successfully priced its offering of €200 million of additional 5.500% senior notes due 2031 (the “New Notes”). FORVIA priced the New Notes at 101.75% of par  or a yield of 5.20%.The New Notes obtained a credit rating in line with the long-term credit rating of FORVIA (i.e. “BB+” by Fitch Ratings  “Ba2” by Moody’s and “BB” by Standard & Poor’s).FORVIA intends to use the proceeds of the offering of the New Notes to fund the repurchase in part of FORVIA’s 7.250% sustainability-linked notes due 2026 (the “Existing Notes”) in a cash tender offer (the “Tender Offer”)  to pay certain fees  expenses  premiums and accrued interest and  if  in FORVIA’s discretion  substantial proceeds remain  FORVIA intends to use such remaining proceeds to partially redeem the Existing Notes (the “Redemption”).The Tender Offer on the Existing Notes launched on 24 April 2024 remains subject to conditions  such as the completion of the offering of the New Notes. FORVIA plans to repurchase io the Existing Notes in an amount up to the principal amount of the New Notes. The final amount of Existing Notes accepted in the Tender Offer will be subject to the final amounts of tenders received. The results of the tender offer are expected to be published on 2 May 2024.These transactions allow the Group to actively manage its maturities and extend its debt average maturity.An application has been made to list the New Notes on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. The settlements of the New Notes and the Tender Offer on existing notes are expected to occur on 7 May 2024. The Redemption  if any  is expected to settle on 13 May 2024.PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS Christophe MALBRANQUEGroup Influence Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.com Marc MAILLETGroup Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYGroup Deputy Investor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 26 89 33 69sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIAFORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With around 260 industrial sites and 78 R&D centers  over 150 000 people  including more than 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 13 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group achieved a consolidated revenue of 27.25 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comIMPORTANT NOTICEThis document is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The notes being offered by Forvia (the ""Notes"") may not be sold in the United States unless they are registered under the Securities Act or are exempt from registration. The offering of Notes described in this announcement has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and accordingly any offer or sale of Notes may be made only in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.Nothing herein shall be construed as an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell or buy any notes  including the Existing Notes. Nothing herein constitutes a notice of redemption for the Existing Notes.It may be unlawful to distribute this document in certain jurisdictions. This document is not for distribution in Canada  Japan or Australia. The information in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Canada  Japan or Australia.Promotion of the Notes in the United Kingdom is restricted by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)  and accordingly  the Notes are not being promoted to the general public in the United Kingdom. This announcement is directed solely at (i) persons located outside the United Kingdom  (ii) persons with professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order and (iv) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”)) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Issuer or any member of its group may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons in (i) – (iv) above being “relevant persons”). Any investment activity to which this announcement relates will only be available to and will only be engaged with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation EU 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or an offer to the public.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) or an offer to the public.MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only/No PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (MIFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in EEA.MiFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No UK PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (UK MIFIR product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the UK.Neither the content of Forvia’s website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on Forvia’s website is incorporated in  or forms part of  this announcement. The distribution of this announcement into any jurisdiction may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.No money  securities or other consideration is being solicited  and  if sent in response to the information contained herein  no money  securities or other consideration will be accepted.Attachment",neutral,0.25,0.71,0.04,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES', '5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE', 'ADDITIONAL', 'MILLION', '7th global automotive technology supplier', 'Iria MONTOUTO Group Media Relations', 'Christophe MALBRANQUE Group Influence Director', 'high net worth entities', 'Deputy Investor Relations Director', 'Sébastien LEROY Group', 'Marc MAILLET Group Head', 'Global Exchange Market', 'debt average maturity', '78 R&D centers', '15,000 R&D engineers', 'strong IP portfolio', 'FRVIA mnemonic code', 'Euronext Paris market', 'CAC SBT 1.5° indices', 'long-term credit rating', '5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE', 'FORVIA SUCCESSFULLY PRICES', 'cash tender offer', 'additional 5.500% senior notes', 'The Tender Offer', 'The New Notes', 'complementary technology', 'automotive challenges', 'Euronext Dublin', 'CAC Next 20', 'United States', 'Fitch Ratings', 'accrued interest', 'final amounts', 'The Redemption', 'PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'industrial strengths', '260 industrial sites', '40+ countries', 'comprehensive approach', '6 business groups', 'integration partner', 'consolidated revenue', '27.25 billion euros', 'change maker', 'mobility transformation', 'United Kingdom', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'general public', 'professional experience', 'investment activity', '7.250% sustainability-linked notes', 'Existing Notes', 'substantial proceeds', 'remaining proceeds', 'principal amount', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'Securities Act', 'registration requirements', 'Financial Promotion', 'other persons', 'FORVIA SE', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'APRIL', 'MILLION', 'offering', 'yield', 'line', 'BB', 'Ba2', 'Moody', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'repurchase', 'fees', 'expenses', 'premiums', 'discretion', 'conditions', 'completion', 'tenders', 'results', '2 May', 'transactions', 'maturities', 'application', 'settlements', '7 May', '13 May', 'sebastien', 'Faurecia', 'HELLA', '150,000 people', 'unique', 'today', 'tomorrow', '13,000 patents', 'innovation', 'OEMS', 'component', 'document', 'sale', 'announcement', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'jurisdictions', 'information', 'FSMA', 'matters', 'investments', 'Article', 'Order', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'meaning', 'section', 'connection', 'issue']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LECTRA-4769/news/LECTRA-Q1-2024-growth-in-revenue-and-EBITDA-before-non-recurring-items-46518695/,LECTRA: Q1 2024: growth in revenue and EBITDA before non-recurring items,(marketscreener.com) Q1 2024: growth in revenue and EBITDA before non-recurring items Revenues: 129.6 million euros *EBITDA before non-recurring items: 21.1 million euros *Net income: 6.7 million euros Free cash flow before non-recurring items: 22.0 million e…,"Q1 2024: growth in revenue and EBITDA before non-recurring itemsRevenues: 129.6 million euros (+5%)*EBITDA before non-recurring items: 21.1 million euros (+7%)*Net income: 6.7 million euros (-9%)Free cash flow before non-recurring items: 22.0 million euros (x 2.4)**At actual exchange ratesIn millions of euros January 1 – March 31 2024(1) 2023 Revenues 129.6 123.7 Change at actual exchange rates (en %) 5% EBITDA before non-recurring items (2) 21.1 19.7 Change at actual exchange rates (en %) 7% EBITDA margin before non-recurring items (in % of revenues) 16.3% 16 0% Net income 6 7 7.3 Change at actual exchange rates (en %) -9% Free cash flow before non-recurring items (2) 22.0 9.2 Shareholders’ equity (3) 341.6 417.9 Net cash (+) / Net financial debt (-)(3) -18.8 17.0(1) The 2024 amounts include Launchmetrics since January 23  2024(2) The definition for performance indicators appears in the Management Discussion of December 31  2023(3) At December 31 and March 31 2024Paris  April 24  2024. Today  Lectra’s Board of Directors  chaired by Daniel Harari  reviewed the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the first quarter of 2024. These financial statements include those of Launchmetrics  which have been consolidated since January 23  2024.To facilitate the analysis of the Group's results  the accounts of Lectra excluding Launchmetrics (the ""Lectra 2023 scope"") and those of Launchmetrics are analyzed separately.1- SUMMARY FOR Q1 2024The macroeconomic environment remained highly challenging in the first quarter  with limited visibility and an extremely heterogeneous situation across markets.Q1 2024 revenues (129.6 million euros) was up compared to Q1 2023. EBITDA before non-recurring items (21.1 million euros) increased by 7% and the EBITDA margin before non-recurring items was 16.3%.Launchmetrics contributed 8.3 million euros to revenues and 1.1 million euros to EBITDA before non-recurring items (representing an EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of 13.2%).Income from operations before non-recurring items (11.2 million euros) was down 8%. This included a 5.2 million euros charge for amortization of intangible assets arising from the acquisitions carried out since 2021  of which 2.0 million euros for Launchmetrics.Net income amounted to 6.7 million euros  down 9% at actual exchange rates.A tremendous free cash flow before non-recurring itemsFree cash flow before non-recurring items stated at 22.0 million euros  an increase of 12.7 million euros compared to Q1 2023  due in particular to a higher level of downpayments and the contribution of free cash flow before non-recurring items of Launchmetrics.A still robust balance sheet  after the Launchmetrics acquisitionAt March 31  2024  the Group had a particularly robust balance sheet with a consolidated shareholders’ equity of 341.6 million euros and a net financial debt of 18.8 million euros. The cash position consisted in financial debt of 119.3 million euros and cash of 100.5 million euros  after the payment of 39.3 million euros in respect of the first tranche of the acquisition of Launchmetrics  or roughly half the total amount  (the balance of this first tranche will be paid in June 2024).Lectra 2023 scopeQ1 2024 orders reflect a mixed picture  with a high level in the automotive market in Asia  primarily due to the increased number of airbags per vehicle  and a low level on the other market sectors or geographies.Orders from perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and training and consulting remain stable. The annual value of orders for new software subscriptions (2.4 million euros) decreased by 0.2 million euros on a like-for-like basis compared to 2023.Revenues amounted 121.3 million euros  down 1% from the same period a year before. Recurring revenues continued to grow (+5%) whereas revenues from new systems decreased by 12%. Revenues in the first quarter of 2023 had benefited from the high level of new system orders in Q4 2022.Recurring EBITDA (€20 million)  rose by 5% on a like-for-like basis.2- BUSINESS TRENDS AND OUTLOOKIn its financial report on the fourth quarter and full year 2023  published February 14  2024  Lectra reiterated its long-term vision  as well as the objectives of its 2023-2025 strategic roadmap.The Group also stated that while the substantial improvement in the fundamentals of the Group's business model in 2023 would have a positive impact on 2024 results  persistent macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties could continue to weigh on investment decisions by its customers.2024 financial objectives confirmedOn February 14  the Group reported its objectives for 2024  before including the Launchmetrics acquisition (i.e.  for the Lectra 2023 scope): to achieve revenues in the range of 480 to 530 million euros (+2% to +12%) and EBITDA before non-recurring items in the range of 85 to 107 million euros (+10% to +40%).The Group also reported that Launchmetrics revenues (for the consolidation period from January 23 to December 31  2024) were projected to be in the range of 42 to 46 million euros  with an EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of more than 15%.These scenarios were prepared on the basis of the closing exchange rates on December 29  2023  and particularly $1.10/€1.The results for Q1 2024 are in line with this outlook.The 2023 Financial Report  as well as the Management Discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations and the financial statements for Q1 2024 are available on lectra.com. The Shareholders' Meeting will be held on April 26  2024  in the Company’s offices. Q2 and H1 2024 earnings will be published on July 25  2024  after the close of trading on Euronext.As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies. The Group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The Group is proud to state that its 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 478 million euros in 2023. The company is listed on Euronext  where it is included in the following indices: SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid&Small  CAC All Shares  CAC All-Tradable  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150.For more information  visit www.lectra.comLectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 832 965 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.21,0.46,True,English,"['recurring items', 'LECTRA', 'Q1', 'growth', 'revenue', 'EBITDA', 'non', 'unaudited consolidated financial statements', 'tremendous free cash flow', 'actual exchange rates', '2023-2025 strategic roadmap', 'perpetual software licenses', 'consolidated shareholders’ equity', 'other market sectors', '2- BUSINESS TRENDS', 'robust balance sheet', 'new software subscriptions', 'Net financial debt', 'new system orders', '5.2 million euros charge', '480 to 530 million euros', '9.2 Shareholders’ equity', 'Net cash', 'accompanying software', 'new systems', 'cash position', 'financial report', 'automotive market', 'business model', '21.1 million euros', '6.7 million euros', '22.0 million euros', '6 million euros', '8.3 million euros', '12.7 million euros', '18.8 million euros', '119.3 million euros', '100.5 million euros', '39.3 million euros', '4 million euros', '107 million euros', 'Net income', 'recurring items', 'performance indicators', 'Management Discussion', 'Daniel Harari', 'first quarter', 'macroeconomic environment', 'limited visibility', 'heterogeneous situation', 'intangible assets', 'higher level', 'first tranche', 'total amount', 'mixed picture', 'high level', 'low level', 'annual value', 'same period', 'fourth quarter', 'full year', 'long-term vision', 'substantial improvement', 'positive impact', 'persistent macroeconomic', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'investment decisions', 'consolidation period', '2024 financial objectives', 'Lectra 2023 scope', '7% EBITDA margin', 'Recurring EBITDA', 'The Group', 'Recurring revenues', 'Q1 2024 orders', 'Launchmetrics acquisition', 'Q1 2024 revenues', 'Launchmetrics revenues', '5% EBITDA', 'growth', 'millions', 'March', '7 Change', '2024 amounts', 'January', 'definition', 'December', 'Paris', 'April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'analysis', 'results', 'accounts', 'SUMMARY', 'markets', 'operations', 'non', 'amortization', 'acquisitions', 'increase', 'downpayments', 'contribution', 'respect', 'June', 'Asia', 'number', 'airbags', 'vehicle', 'geographies', 'equipment', 'training', 'consulting', 'basis', 'Q4', 'OUTLOOK', 'fundamentals', 'customers', 'February', 'range', '1.3', '85']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OPENJOBMETIS-S-P-A-25358957/news/Openjobmetis-S-p-A-Completion-of-the-acquisition-by-Groupe-Crit-S-A-of-the-entire-stake-held-by-M-46519134/,Openjobmetis S p A : Completion of the acquisition by Groupe Crit S.A. of the entire stake held by M.T.I. Investimenti S.r.l. in Openjobmetis,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   COMPLETION OF THE ACQUISITION BY GROUPE CRIT S.A. OF THE   ENTIRE STAKE HELD BY M.T.I. INVESTIMENTI S.R.L. IN   OPENJOBMETIS   Milan  24th April 2024 - Following press releases issued on 21st December 2023 …,"PRESS RELEASECOMPLETION OF THE ACQUISITION BY GROUPE CRIT S.A. OF THEENTIRE STAKE HELD BY M.T.I. INVESTIMENTI S.R.L. INOPENJOBMETISMilan  24th April 2024 - Following press releases issued on 21st December 2023  on 1st and 23rd February 2024 and on 19th April 2024  Openjobmetis S.p.A. (""OJM"" or the ""Company"")  on the basis of the information received  announces that following the fulfilment of the condition precedent relating to the golden power regulation  the acquisition by Groupe Crit S.A. of all the OJM shares held by M.T.I. Investimenti S.r.l. (i.e.  no. 688 397 shares  representing approximately 5.15% of OJM's share capital) was completed today  in execution of the sale and purchase agreement entered into by and between the parties on 22nd February 2024.As announced  the purchase of the aforementioned shares by Groupe Crit S.A. was made at a price of EUR 16.50 per OJM share.****Openjobmetis S.p.A. overview: Openjobmetis is the Employment Agency established in 2011 as a result of the merger of Openjob SpA and Metis SpA  combining the unique skills and experiences for which they have always been known. Listed since December 2015  Openjobmetis SpA is the first and only Employment Agency in the STAR segment of Euronext Milan (EXM) operated by Borsa Italiana  and is positioned among the leading Italian operators in its field  with revenue of approximately EUR 768 4 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. Openjobmetis SpA  which provides temporary work employment  operates through a network of 160 branches and Specialized Divisions in a wide range of labour market sectors  including: Healthcare  Banking and Finance  Large-Scale Retail Trade  Big Clients  I&CT  Agro-Industrial and  as well as Techne specialized in aerospace  naval and energy thanks to the acquisition of Quanta SpA  a company merged into Openjobmetis with effect from 1 January 2022. Among the services offered  there are also research and selection solutions for direct entry into a company of qualified junior profiles through the Permanent Placement team and the division UNA Forza Vendite which deals with commercial figures and sales agents Openjobmetis also has the following subsidiaries: (i) Openjob Consulting Srl  active in the management of the financed training activities; (ii) Seltis Hub Srl  the highly specialized vertical competence center focused on recruitment and selection that also operates through the digital platforms Meritocracy and Jobmetoo  (iii) Family Care Srl  APL dedicated to family assistance  (iv) Just On Business SpA  Employment Agency specializing in the healthcare and engineering sectors  and its subsidiary Deine Group Srl. Finally (v) Lyve Srl  a 52.06% subsidiary  a training company.Pg. 1 of 3Openjobmetis S.p.A.AGENZIA PER IL LAVORO - Aut. Prot. N. 1111-SG del 26/11/2004Cod. Fisc./P.IVA/Nr. Iscr. Reg. imprese di Milano-MB-Lodi 13343690155 - Capitale Sociale € 13.712.000 00 = i.v. DIREZIONE GENERALE E UFFICI: Via Marsala  40/C - Centro Direzionale Le Torri - 21013 Gallarate (VA)SEDE LEGALE: Via Assietta  19 - 20161 MilanoTel. 0331 211501 - info@openjob.it - www.openjobmetis.it PEC openjob@secmail.it - SDI SN4CSRI",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['M.T.I. Investimenti S.r.l.', 'Groupe Crit S.A.', 'Openjobmetis S', 'entire stake', 'Completion', 'acquisition', 'M.T.I. INVESTIMENTI S.R.L.', 'Openjobmetis S.p.A. overview', 'GROUPE CRIT S.A.', 'Centro Direzionale Le Torri', 'specialized vertical competence center', 'golden power regulation', 'leading Italian operators', 'Large-Scale Retail Trade', 'qualified junior profiles', 'Permanent Placement team', 'UNA Forza Vendite', 'DIREZIONE GENERALE E', 'Seltis Hub Srl', 'Deine Group Srl', 'labour market sectors', 'Family Care Srl', 'temporary work employment', 'Openjob Consulting Srl', 'I&CT', 'P.IVA', 'Specialized Divisions', 'Lyve Srl', 'family assistance', 'engineering sectors', 'Employment Agency', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ENTIRE STAKE', '24th April', '23rd February', '19th April', 'condition precedent', 'share capital', '22nd February', 'unique skills', 'STAR segment', 'Borsa Italiana', 'wide range', 'Big Clients', 'direct entry', 'commercial figures', 'sales agents', 'following subsidiaries', 'training activities', 'digital platforms', 'Prot. N.', 'Reg. imprese', 'Capitale Sociale', 'Via Marsala', 'SEDE LEGALE', 'Via Assietta', 'SDI SN4CSRI', 'Openjob SpA', 'Metis SpA', 'Quanta SpA', '21st December', 'purchase agreement', 'OJM share', 'Euronext Milan', 'selection solutions', 'training company', '688,397 shares', 'COMPLETION', 'ACQUISITION', 'basis', 'information', 'fulfilment', 'execution', 'parties', 'price', 'result', 'merger', 'experiences', 'first', 'EXM', 'field', 'revenue', 'year', 'network', '160 branches', 'Healthcare', 'Banking', 'Finance', 'Agro-Industrial', 'Techne', 'aerospace', 'naval', 'energy', 'effect', '1 January', 'services', 'research', 'management', 'recruitment', 'Meritocracy', 'Jobmetoo', 'APL', 'Business', 'subsidiary', 'Pg.', 'AGENZIA', 'LAVORO', 'Aut.', 'SG', '26/1', 'Cod.', 'Fisc', 'Nr', 'Iscr', 'UFFICI', '21013 Gallarate', 'Milano', 'Tel.', '20161']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/wolters-kluwer-announces-reseller-collaboration-with-origen-tech-for-cch-suretax-for-sap-document-and-reporting-compliance-solution-93CH-3394239,Wolters Kluwer announces reseller collaboration with Origen Tech for CCH SureTax for SAP Document and Reporting Compliance Solution By Investing.com,Wolters Kluwer announces reseller collaboration with Origen Tech for CCH SureTax for SAP Document and Reporting Compliance Solution,Agreement extends support for multinational companies' indirect tax reporting and compliance to Latin AmericaNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals  today announced a new reseller collaboration with Origen Tech  a leading expert in SAP S/4HANA Cloud and SAP Document Reporting and Compliance. Origen Tech has been selected to resell and spearhead the implementation of CCH ® SureTax ® for SAP Document and Reporting Compliance.The integration of CCH SureTax with SAP Document Reporting and Compliance is the latest evolution of Wolters Kluwer's relationship with SAP  which builds on its previous participation in SAP's technology adoption program.The new collaboration with Origen Tech follows the Wolters Kluwer announcement in January 2024 that multinational companies using the SAP Document and Reporting Compliance solution can now manage their U.S. local and state indirect tax filing obligations within SAP S/4HANA. This new functionality is made possible through a native integration between the SAP Document and Reporting Compliance solution and the Wolters Kluwer CCH ® SureTax ® solution.Ralf GÃ¤rtner  Senior Vice President & General Manager  Corporate Performance Management Solutions at Wolters Kluwer  said: We are delighted to be working with Origen Tech to extend the opportunity for multinational companies to automate their tax reporting for other countries  all within the unified user experience of SAP S/4HANA Cloud. The new  native integration between SAP Document and Reporting Compliance and CCH SureTax is a tax reporting and compliance game-changer for the thousands of multinational companies that currently do business in the U.S.  or plan to expand into U.S. markets.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorUntil this year  users of SAP Document and Reporting Compliance have needed to utilize a separate solution  outside of SAP S/4HANA  to automate the way they visualize  report  and comply with evolving U.S. indirect tax rules  which vary at the state  local municipality and county levels. This approach can lead to decentralized workflows and the use of bolt-on solutions  increasing complexity and challenge in a company's end-to-end tax processes.The reseller agreement with Origen Tech adds power to the CCH SureTax expert solution with deep localization expertise and excellence in implementation. This will enable greater understanding and adoption of the solution to support the streamlining of the compliance process within SAP Document and Reporting Compliance.The reseller relationship between Wolters Kluwer and Origin Tech allows a broader base of companies to navigate complex tax landscapes with confidence and efficiency more quickly  given the combination of Origen Tech's implementation proficiencies  the Wolters Kluwer CCH SureTax solution  and SAP Document and Reporting Compliance  said Anil Mahendra  SVP Sales at Origen Tech.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.comAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorFor more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook (NASDAQ: )  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424042229/en/Media ContactSarah WhybrowAssociate Director  External CommunicationsCorporate Performance & ESGWolters KluwerMob: +44 7855 186713sarah.whybrow@wolterskluwer.comSource: Wolters Kluwer,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.28,0.47,True,English,"['Reporting Compliance Solution', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'reseller collaboration', 'Origen Tech', 'CCH SureTax', 'SAP Document', 'Investing', 'evolving U.S. indirect tax rules', 'state indirect tax filing obligations', ""multinational companies' indirect tax reporting"", 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Wolters Kluwer CCH ® SureTax ® solution', 'Wolters Kluwer CCH SureTax solution', 'CCH SureTax expert solution', 'Corporate Performance Management Solutions', 'U.S. markets', 'U.S. local', 'complex tax landscapes', 'Ralf GÃ¤rtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'unified user experience', '3rd party Ad.', 'deep localization expertise', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer announcement', 'Wolters Kluwer Mob', 'Reporting Compliance solution', 'SAP S/4HANA Cloud', 'new reseller collaboration', 'technology adoption program', 'SAP Document Reporting', 'new, native integration', 'separate solution', 'tax processes', 'expert solutions', 'new collaboration', 'leading expert', 'local municipality', 'corporate compliance', 'NEW YORK', 'new functionality', 'Latin America', 'global leader', 'Origen Tech', 'latest evolution', 'previous participation', 'General Manager', 'Investing.com', 'county levels', 'decentralized workflows', 'greater understanding', 'Origin Tech', 'broader base', 'Anil Mahendra', 'SVP Sales', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Media Contact', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'compliance game-changer', 'compliance process', 'reseller agreement', 'reseller relationship', 'software solutions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'source version', 'other countries', 'implementation proficiencies', 'Sarah Whybrow', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'support', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'January', 'opportunity', 'thousands', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'year', 'users', 'way', 'approach', 'complexity', 'challenge', 'company', 'power', 'excellence', 'streamlining', 'confidence', 'efficiency', 'combination', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'NASDAQ', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,investing.com
39847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BREMBO-S-P-A-35054164/news/Brembo-S-p-A-SHAREHOLDERS-ENGAGEMENT-POLICY-46518664/,Brembo S p A : SHAREHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT POLICY,(marketscreener.com)    4 • Brembo Bilateral Contacts With Shareholders Policy   4 • BREMBO BILATERAL CONTACTS WITH SHAREHOLDERS POLICY      REVISIONS INDEX   REVISION   00DATE  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BREMBO-S-P-A-35…,"Brembo N.V. • New Governance DocumentsFOREWORDBrembo N.V. (""Brembo"" or the ""Company"")  listed on Euronext Milan  a regulated market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  believes it to be in its specific interest - and that it has a duty to the market - to establish and maintain a constant  open relationship with the current and potential shareholders of the Company (the ""Shareholders"" and each a ""Shareholder"")  investors and/or analysts in order to increase their level of understanding of the activities performed by the Company and its subsidiaries (the ""Group"") and to share the strategic actions and visions underlying company management. At the same time  this dialogue is a precious source of information that Brembo believes it ought to take into account  inter alia and particularly  in formulating the mission that inspires the Company's actions  with the aim of fostering value growth in the medium-to-long term  as well as in identifying activities designed to ensure high standards of governance.Brembo's board of directors (bestuur) (the ""Board of Directors"") adopted the Shareholder Engagement Policy for the first time on 17 December 2021. Subsequently  following the cross-border conversion of the Company from Italy to the Netherlands and in accordance with best practice provision 4.2.2 of the Dutch corporate governance code  which entered into effect on 1 January 2023 (the ""Dutch Code"")  and paragraph 9.2 of the board rules of the Company  the Board of Directors has drawn up and adopted this Brembo Bilateral Contacts with Shareholders Policy (hereinafter the ""Policy"") on 24 April 2024.1. SCOPEThis Policy governs the relations between the Company  the Shareholders  investors and an- alysts  or with their representatives and advisors and lays down the themes and methods of implementing a dialogue between the Company and the Shareholders in general  drawing inspiration from the principles of propriety  transparency and symmetry of information  in accordance with European  Italian and Dutch legislation on market abuse regulations and taking into account the best practices adopted by institutional investors reflected in their stewardship codes.The Company is committed to facilitating and maintaining an open and constructive dialogue with its Shareholders  investors and/or analysts  unless  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  this is not in the interests of the Company and its affiliated enterprise. The Company aims to keep its Shareholders  investors and/or analysts updated by informing them equally  simultaneously  clearly and accurately about the Company's strategy  performance and other Company matters and developments that could be relevant to investors' decisions through meetings  presentations  conference calls  etc. as referred to in the Dutch Code or otherwise.Brembo provides the Shareholders  investors and/or analysts with information regarding its activities  strategies and performance  in the manner set out in this Policy. The Company will act in accordance with applicable rules and regulations  including provisions on inside information  fair and non-selective disclosure and equal treatment of Shareholders that are in the same position.Particular attention is devoted to information regarding environmental  social and governance (""ESG"") issues  since they are deemed relevant to constructing a company identity of sustainability integrated into the business and designed to create present and future value. Dialogue with Shareholders  investors and/or analysts also includes non-financial aspects (e.g.  corporate governance procedures and risk-related topics in the broader sense).",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.04,True,English,"['SHAREHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT POLICY', 'Brembo S', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Dutch corporate governance code', 'corporate governance procedures', 'best practice provision', 'New Governance Documents', 'constant, open relationship', 'Brembo N.V.', 'Brembo Bilateral Contacts', 'other Company matters', 'market abuse regulations', 'Shareholder Engagement Policy', 'Dutch Code', 'Dutch legislation', 'best practices', 'Euronext Milan', 'regulated market', 'specific interest', 'same time', 'precious source', 'value growth', 'long term', 'high standards', 'first time', 'cross-border conversion', 'European, Italian', 'stewardship codes', 'affiliated enterprise', 'conference calls', 'applicable rules', 'non-selective disclosure', 'equal treatment', 'same position', 'Particular attention', 'ESG"") issues', 'future value', 'financial aspects', 'risk-related topics', 'broader sense', 'strategic actions', 'company management', 'The Company', 'company identity', 'institutional investors', 'constructive dialogue', ""investors' decisions"", 'potential shareholders', 'board rules', 'Shareholders Policy', 'FOREWORD', 'duty', 'current', 'analysts', 'level', 'understanding', 'activities', 'subsidiaries', 'Group', 'visions', 'information', 'account', 'mission', 'aim', 'directors', '17 December', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'accordance', 'effect', '1 January', 'paragraph', '24 April', 'SCOPE', 'representatives', 'advisors', 'themes', 'methods', 'inspiration', 'principles', 'propriety', 'transparency', 'symmetry', 'opinion', 'interests', 'strategy', 'performance', 'developments', 'meetings', 'presentations', 'strategies', 'manner', 'fair', 'social', 'sustainability', 'business']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALTAMIR-5156/news/Altamir-Altamir-s-General-Meeting-of-23-April-2024-46518644/,Altamir :  Altamir's General Meeting of 23 April 2024,(marketscreener.com)  Altamir's General Meeting of 23 April 2024Paris  24 April 2024 – Altamir's ordinary general meeting of shareholders took place on 23 April 2024. Those taking part held 77.86% of the company's capital  and all draft resolutions were pa…,"Altamir's General Meeting of 23 April 2024Paris  24 April 2024 – Altamir's ordinary general meeting of shareholders took place on 23 April 2024. Those taking part held 77.86% of the company's capital  and all draft resolutions were passed with a very large majority.Shareholders in the meeting approved a dividend of €1.08 per share  which will be paid on 24 May (ex-dividend date: 22 May).They also approved the renewal of Jean Estin  Dominique Cerutti and Anne Landon's terms of office as members of the Supervisory Board. For the record  Altamir's Supervisory Board has four members  all of whom are independent  and they include two women.The voting results are available on the company's website (www.altamir.fr).Given the increasing weight in Altaroc's activity and the change in the company name of Amboise Partners into Altaroc Partners  Altamir Gérance has decided to terminate  effective 31 December 2024  the investment advisory agreement between Altamir and Altaroc Partners and to sign a new investment advisory agreement effective 1 January 2025 with Amboise SAS  majority shareholder of Altamir (65%) and Altamir Gérance (99%).For the record  Maurice Tchenio remains the Chairman and CEO of Altaroc Partners  the Chairman of Amboise SAS and the Chairman and CEO of Altamir Gérance.Next key event:NAV as of 31/03/2024 16 May 2024 after the market close* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *About AltamirAltamir is a listed private equity company (Euronext Paris-B  ticker: LTA) founded in 1995 and with a NAV of €1.3 billion. Its objective is to provide shareholders with long-term capital appreciation and regular dividends by investing in a diversified portfolio of private equity investments.Altamir's investment policy is to invest principally via and with funds managed or advised by Seven2 and Apax  two leading private equity firms that take majority or lead positions in LBO and growth capital transactions and have ambitious targets for value creation.In this way  Altamir provides access to a diversified portfolio of fast-growing companies across Seven2's and Apax's sectors of specialisation (Tech & Telco  Consumer  Healthcare  Services) and in complementary market segments (mid-sized companies in continental Europe and large companies in Europe  North America and key emerging markets).Altamir derives certain tax benefits from its status as an SCR (“Société de Capital Risque”). As such  Altamir is exempt from corporate tax and the company's investors may benefit from tax exemptions  subject to specific holding-period and dividend-reinvestment conditions.For more information: www.altamir.frContactClaire Peyssard MosesTel: +33 (0)6 34 32 38 97Email: investors@altamir.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lZhrlpZoYZiYxm6eY8eWbJOZbJmUxZHIZ2fLlGpsZcedm3FmmpdlmpmaZnFml2tn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85261-ag-2024_en-def.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.49,0.48,0.03,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Altamir', '23 April', 'two leading private equity firms', 'new investment advisory agreement', 'private equity investments', 'Société de', 'Claire Peyssard Moses', 'original press release', 'private equity company', 'next press releases', 'long-term capital appreciation', 'growth capital transactions', 'complementary market segments', 'Next key event', 'ordinary general meeting', 'Altamir Gérance', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'two women', 'investment policy', 'other releases', 'Capital Risque', 'draft resolutions', 'Jean Estin', 'Dominique Cerutti', 'Anne Landon', 'Supervisory Board', 'voting results', 'increasing weight', 'Amboise Partners', 'Amboise SAS', 'Maurice Tchenio', 'Euronext Paris-B', 'regular dividends', 'diversified portfolio', 'lead positions', 'ambitious targets', 'value creation', 'fast-growing companies', 'sized companies', 'large companies', 'North America', 'emerging markets', 'tax benefits', 'corporate tax', 'tax exemptions', 'specific holding-period', 'dividend-reinvestment conditions', 'Altaroc Partners', 'large majority', 'majority shareholder', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'dividend date', 'four members', 'company name', 'continental Europe', 'fr Contact', '23 April', '24 April', 'shareholders', 'place', '24 May', '22 May', 'renewal', 'terms', 'office', 'record', 'website', 'activity', 'change', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'NAV', '31/03', 'close', 'ticker', 'objective', 'funds', 'Seven2', 'Apax', 'LBO', 'way', 'access', 'sectors', 'specialisation', 'Tech', 'Telco', 'Consumer', 'Healthcare', 'Services', 'status', 'SCR', 'investors', 'Email', 'publication', 'lZhrlpZoYZiYxm6eY8eWbJOZbJmUxZHIZ2fLlGpsZcedm3FmmpdlmpmaZnFml2tn', 'Full', 'PDF', '33', '2024']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868893/0/en/Tonner-Drones-announces-the-start-of-negotiations-to-end-variable-price-instrument.html,Tonner Drones announces the start of negotiations to end variable price instrument,Tonner Drones announces the start of negotiations to end variable price instrument    Cannes  24 april 2024 18:00    Tonner Drones announces today that...,"Tonner Drones announces the start of negotiations to end variable price instrumentCannes  24 april 2024 18:00Tonner Drones announces today that it has started negotiations with the settlers of the Trust to end the variable price instrument.Ending variable price instruments was one of the main targets  since arrival of the new management with the company. Tonner already succeeded to end the long during relationship with Yorkville in March. After the successful capital increase in April it now feels it has responsibility towards its shareholders to also end the contract with Fiducie A as soon as possible.Tonner has received signals from Fiducie A that is willing to negotiate about ending the variable price instrument. Tonner much appreciated this and both parties are now in good conversation to reach an agreement.Tonners intentions are to minimize dilution and reduce debt. Moreover  Tonner is well aware that investors recently supported an investment round at a price of €0.0250  which is the actual nominal value.Although Tonner drones is currently optimistic about reaching an agreement  it cannot yet provide certainty about further details and the success of the negotiations.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones (formerly Delta Drone) develops UAVs and associated technologies for the defense and homeland security sectors. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some of France's leading civilian and military drone manufacturers. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to leverage its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management  a private equity fund  and by teaming up with other private equity funds to become a significant industry consolidator. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones to recognized manufacturers. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.comIf you would like to find out more  or if you are interested in a partnership: contact@tonnerdrones.comContactTonnerDronesD.M. van den OudenFinancial communicationvandenOuden@tonnerdrones.com AcifinJean-Yves BARBARAjybarbara@actifin.fr+33 (0)1 56 88 11 13WarningRegarding the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Tonner Drones (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of TonnerDrones' business  its securities  its subsidiaries or any other assets of TonnerDrones.This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations regarding future events. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations regarding future financial results  events  operations and services. and product development  as well as statements regarding performance or events. These statements are generally identified by the terms ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""may""  ""should"" or the negative form of these and other similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions regarding TonnerDrones and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their businesses  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments relating to contingent liabilities  changes in global economic conditions or TonnerDrones' principal markets  competitive market conditions and regulatory factors. The realization of these events is uncertain; their outcome could turn out to be different from that envisaged today  which is likely to significantly affect the expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law  TonnerDrones undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  taking into account new information or future events.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['variable price instrument', 'Tonner Drones', 'start', 'negotiations', 'D.M. van den Ouden', 'other private equity funds', 'successful capital increase', 'homeland security sectors', 'significant industry consolidator', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Financial communication vandenOuden', 'global economic conditions', 'competitive market conditions', 'other similar expressions', 'variable price instrument', 'active asset management', 'future capital expenditures', 'actual nominal value', 'military drone manufacturers', 'future financial results', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'R&D', 'future value', 'other person', 'other assets', 'new management', 'Delta Drone', 'Actual results', 'main targets', 'Fiducie A', 'good conversation', 'investment round', 'associated technologies', 'valuable stakes', 'leading civilian', 'Additional revenues', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'Jean-Yves BARBARA', 'investment decision', 'press release', 'current beliefs', 'product development', 'negative form', 'inherent risks', 'contingent liabilities', 'principal markets', 'regulatory factors', 'applicable law', 'new information', 'future performance', 'future events', 'forward-looking statements', 'Tonners intentions', 'underlying assumptions', ""TonnerDrones' business"", 'start', 'negotiations', 'Cannes', '24 april', 'settlers', 'Trust', 'arrival', 'company', 'long', 'relationship', 'Yorkville', 'March', 'responsibility', 'shareholders', 'contract', 'signals', 'parties', 'agreement', 'dilution', 'debt', 'investors', 'certainty', 'details', 'UAVs', 'defense', 'France', 'shareholdings', 'companies', 'royalties', 'patents', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'shares', 'partnership', 'Contact', 'Acifin', 'jybarbara', 'actifin', 'Warning', 'merits', 'transaction', 'making', 'confirmation', 'commitment', 'present', 'securities', 'subsidiaries', 'expectations', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'operations', 'services', 'terms', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'investments', 'trends', 'businesses', 'acquisitions', 'developments', 'changes', 'realization', 'outcome', 'date', 'obligation', 'account', 'Attachment', '1']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KALRAY-44172573/news/Kalray-Joins-Arm-Total-Design-Extending-Collaboration-With-Arm-on-Accelerated-AI-Processing-46509782/,Kalray Joins Arm Total Design  Extending Collaboration With Arm on Accelerated AI Processing,(marketscreener.com) By joining forces with industry leaders in the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray is helping more companies integrate its AI and data-processing solution into their next-generation chips.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KALRA…,By joining forces with industry leaders in the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray is helping more companies integrate its AI and data-processing solution into their next-generation chips.Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software solutions to accelerate data intensive workflows from Cloud to Edge  announced that it has extended its collaboration with Arm by joining Arm Total Design. Through a deeper connection to industry leaders who are leveraging Arm® Neoverse™ Compute Subsystems (CSS)  Kalray can help more companies integrate its unique AI and data acceleration technology and help Arm ecosystem partners commercialize AI-based solutions in a fraction of the time and cost usually needed.Arm Total Design helps accelerate and simplify the delivery of custom silicon based on Arm Neoverse CSS and has grown to more than 20 partners  including the top three leading foundries  ASIC design houses  IP vendors  EDA tool providers  and firmware developers who are driving leading-edge innovation.Kalray is already working to integrate Arm Coherent Mesh Network (CMN) technology to help easily connect Kalray’s advanced AI and data processing acceleration solution to Arm Neoverse CSS.As a member of the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray can move swiftly with the latest Arm technologies and thus ease the access to Kalray’s advanced AI and data processing capabilities to adopters of Arm Neoverse technology – and in doing so  facilitate their rollout of AI across numerous use cases and industries.“The proliferation of AI has led to an unprecedented demand for more compute power and flexibility  which is a driving force behind the momentum of Arm Neoverse in the data center and beyond ” said Eddie Ramirez  vice president of go-to-market  Infrastructure Line of Business  Arm. “Kalray is bringing its expertise in AI acceleration and efficient data processing to the Arm Total Design ecosystem  enabling partners to more easily integrate these capabilities as they build custom silicon solutions to maximize performance and efficiency.”“AI workloads are exerting profound changes in the semi-conductor industry with their insatiable demand for data processing ” said Eric Baissus  Kalray CEO. “Kalray is proud to be among the best of the best in the industry as part of the Arm Total Design ecosystem. We look forward to helping more technology players to use the AI and data acceleration capabilities of Kalray’s DPU technology so they can deliver innovative AI processing solutions across the industry.”ABOUT KALRAYKalray is a technology innovator specializing in software and hardware solutions to accelerate data-intensive workflows in Media & Entertainment  High-Performance Computing  and Artificial Intelligence. Our comprehensive product range features ngenea  a leading data acceleration platform  as well as accelerated data processing cards for storage and compute.With Kalray solutions  customers can scale their infrastructures to efficiently meet the performance and capacity needs of data-intensive tasks  all without being tied to specific data formats or vendors.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off from the French CEA research lab  Kalray has corporate and financial backing from notable investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors  and Bpifrance. Committed to innovation and excellence  we strive to deliver value to our customers  developers  and the planet through technology and expertise.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240423881370/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Accelerated AI Processing', 'Arm Total Design', 'Kalray', 'Collaboration', 'French CEA research lab', 'top three leading foundries', 'Arm Coherent Mesh Network', 'leading data acceleration platform', 'Arm Total Design ecosystem', 'data processing acceleration solution', 'Arm® Neoverse™ Compute Subsystems', 'innovative AI processing solutions', 'ASIC design houses', 'efficient data processing', 'data processing cards', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'EDA tool providers', 'numerous use cases', 'comprehensive product range', 'specific data formats', 'latest Arm technologies', 'data acceleration capabilities', 'data intensive workflows', 'data processing capabilities', 'data acceleration technology', 'Arm Neoverse CSS', 'Arm Neoverse technology', 'Arm ecosystem partners', 'custom silicon solutions', 'leading provider', 'data-processing solution', 'data center', 'AI acceleration', 'AI-based solutions', 'data-intensive workflows', 'compute power', 'CMN) technology', 'technology players', 'DPU technology', 'technology innovator', 'next-generation chips', 'software solutions', 'deeper connection', 'unprecedented demand', 'driving force', 'Eddie Ramirez', 'vice president', 'Infrastructure Line', 'profound changes', 'insatiable demand', 'Eric Baissus', 'hardware solutions', 'High-Performance Computing', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'capacity needs', 'data-intensive tasks', 'financial backing', 'notable investors', 'Alliance Venture', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'source version', 'unique AI', 'advanced AI', 'AI workloads', 'Kalray solutions', 'industry leaders', 'semi-conductor industry', 'IP vendors', 'firmware developers', 'leading-edge innovation', 'Kalray CEO', '20 partners', 'forces', 'companies', 'ALKAL', 'Cloud', 'collaboration', 'fraction', 'time', 'cost', 'delivery', 'member', 'access', 'adopters', 'rollout', 'industries', 'proliferation', 'flexibility', 'momentum', 'market', 'Business', 'expertise', 'efficiency', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'ngenea', 'storage', 'customers', 'infrastructures', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'Bpifrance', 'excellence', 'value', 'planet', 'news']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/kalray-joins-arm-total-design-extending-collaboration-with-arm-on-accelerated-ai-processing-93CH-3392663,Kalray Joins Arm Total Design  Extending Collaboration With Arm on Accelerated AI Processing By Investing.com,Kalray Joins Arm Total Design  Extending Collaboration With Arm on Accelerated AI Processing,By joining forces with industry leaders in the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray is helping more companies integrate its AI and data-processing solution into their next-generation chips.GRENOBLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software solutions to accelerate data intensive workflows from Cloud to Edge  announced that it has extended its collaboration with Arm by joining Arm Total Design. Through a deeper connection to industry leaders who are leveraging Arm ® Neoverse™ Compute Subsystems (CSS)  Kalray can help more companies integrate its unique AI and data acceleration technology and help Arm ecosystem partners commercialize AI-based solutions in a fraction of the time and cost usually needed.Arm Total Design helps accelerate and simplify the delivery of custom silicon based on Arm Neoverse CSS and has grown to more than 20 partners  including the top three leading foundries  ASIC design houses  IP vendors  EDA tool providers  and firmware developers who are driving leading-edge innovation.Kalray is already working to integrate Arm Coherent (NYSE: ) Mesh Network (CMN) technology to help easily connect Kalray's advanced AI and data processing acceleration solution to Arm Neoverse CSS.As a member of the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray can move swiftly with the latest Arm technologies and thus ease the access to Kalray's advanced AI and data processing capabilities to adopters of Arm Neoverse technology “ and in doing so  facilitate their rollout of AI across numerous use cases and industries.The proliferation of AI has led to an unprecedented demand for more compute power and flexibility  which is a driving force behind the momentum of Arm Neoverse in the data center and beyond  said Eddie Ramirez  vice president of go-to-market  Infrastructure Line of Business  Arm. Kalray is bringing its expertise in AI acceleration and efficient data processing to the Arm Total Design ecosystem  enabling partners to more easily integrate these capabilities as they build custom silicon solutions to maximize performance and efficiency.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorAI workloads are exerting profound changes in the semi-conductor industry with their insatiable demand for data processing  said Eric Baissus  Kalray CEO. Kalray is proud to be among the best of the best in the industry as part of the Arm Total Design ecosystem. We look forward to helping more technology players to use the AI and data acceleration capabilities of Kalray's DPU technology so they can deliver innovative AI processing solutions across the industry.ABOUT KALRAYKalray is a technology innovator specializing in software and hardware solutions to accelerate data-intensive workflows in Media & Entertainment  High-Performance Computing  and Artificial Intelligence. Our comprehensive product range features ngenea  a leading data acceleration platform  as well as accelerated data processing cards for storage and compute.With Kalray solutions  customers can scale their infrastructures to efficiently meet the performance and capacity needs of data-intensive tasks  all without being tied to specific data formats or vendors.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off from the French CEA research lab  Kalray has corporate and financial backing from notable investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ: )  and Bpifrance. Committed to innovation and excellence  we strive to deliver value to our customers  developers  and the planet through technology and expertise.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240423881370/en/INVESTOR CONTACTSEric BAISSUScontactinvestisseurs@kalrayinc.comPhone +33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationAnne-Pauline PETUREAUXkalray@actus.frPhone + 33 1 53 67 36 72PRESS CONTACTSPenta STANLEYcommunication@kalrayinc.comPhone +44 7939 877 880Mary Kae MarinacPR Representative for Kalraymk@mkmarinac.comPhone +1 978-685-3136ACTUS Finance & CommunicationSerena BONIsboni@actus.frPhone +33 4 72 18 04 92here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorSource: Kalray,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.28,0.34,True,English,"['Accelerated AI Processing', 'Arm Total Design', 'Kalray', 'Collaboration', 'Investing', 'French CEA research lab', 'top three leading foundries', 'PRESS CONTACTS Penta STANLEY', 'leading data acceleration platform', 'Arm Total Design ecosystem', 'data processing acceleration solution', 'Arm ® Neoverse™ Compute Subsystems', 'innovative AI processing solutions', 'ASIC design houses', 'efficient data processing', 'data processing cards', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'EDA tool providers', 'numerous use cases', '3rd party Ad.', 'comprehensive product range', 'specific data formats', 'Mary Kae Marinac', 'Serena BONI sboni', 'latest Arm technologies', 'data acceleration capabilities', 'data intensive workflows', 'data processing capabilities', 'data acceleration technology', 'Eric BAISSUS contactinvestisseurs', 'Arm ecosystem partners', 'Arm Neoverse technology', 'custom silicon solutions', 'Arm Neoverse CSS', 'leading provider', 'data-processing solution', 'data center', 'AI acceleration', 'INVESTOR CONTACTS', 'Arm Coherent', 'AI-based solutions', 'data-intensive workflows', 'compute power', 'CMN) technology', 'technology players', 'DPU technology', 'technology innovator', 'next-generation chips', 'software solutions', 'deeper connection', 'Mesh Network', 'unprecedented demand', 'driving force', 'Eddie Ramirez', 'vice president', 'Infrastructure Line', 'Investing.com', 'profound changes', 'insatiable demand', 'hardware solutions', 'High-Performance Computing', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'capacity needs', 'data-intensive tasks', 'financial backing', 'notable investors', 'Alliance Venture', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'source version', 'Anne-Pauline PETUREAUX', 'PR Representative', 'unique AI', 'advanced AI', 'AI workloads', 'Kalray solutions', 'industry leaders', 'semi-conductor industry', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'IP vendors', 'firmware developers', 'leading-edge innovation', 'ACTUS Finance', 'disclosureor Source', 'Kalray CEO', 'Kalray mk', 'Arm.', '20 partners', 'forces', 'companies', 'GRENOBLE', 'ALKAL', 'Cloud', 'collaboration', 'fraction', 'time', 'cost', 'delivery', 'NYSE', 'member', 'access', 'adopters', 'rollout', 'industries', 'proliferation', 'flexibility', 'momentum', 'market', 'expertise', 'efficiency', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'ngenea', 'storage', 'customers', 'infrastructures', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'NASDAQ', 'Bpifrance', 'excellence', 'value', 'planet', 'businesswire', 'news', 'kalrayinc', 'Phone', 'Communication', 'mkmarinac']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,investing.com
39852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NICOX-SA-25281955/news/Nicox-Second-notice-of-the-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-Shareholders-Meeting-on-May-6-2024-and-appo-46509980/,Nicox: Second notice of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on May 6  2024 and appointment of an ad hoc agent,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Nicox: Second notice of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on May 6  2024 and appointment of an ad hoc agentApril 24  2024 – release at 07:30 CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA   an international ophthalm…,April 24  2024 – release at 07:30 CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  informs its shareholders that the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting  having been unable to deliberate on April 10  2024 as the quorum required by law has not been reached  will be held  on second convening  on Monday May 6  2024 at 2:30 p.m.  at the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 Bâtiment D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis.The agenda and the draft resolutions for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings remain unchanged and are included in the notice of meeting published in Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires no.36 of March 22  2024 (no. 2400592).Appointment of an ad hoc agent to represent shareholdersBy order of the President of the Antibes Commercial Court on April 18  2024  given the impossibility of reaching the required quorum  SELARL XAVIER HUERTAS & ASSOCIES  in the person of Maître Xavier Huertas  domiciled at 1  Rue Lamartine - 06000 Nice  was appointed as ad hoc agent to represent the shareholders at the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting convened for May 6  2024 on second convening.The ad hoc agent will thus represent all the shares with voting rights held by shareholders who have not attended or are not represented at this General Meeting. The participation of the ad hoc agent would thus bring the quorum to 100% of shares with voting rights.In order to ensure the neutrality of the ad hoc agent  the voting rights attached to the shares of the represent shareholders will be exercised as follows:for ordinary resolutions  whether submitted  approved or not approved by the Board of Directors: half the votes in favor and half against;for extraordinary resolutions submitted or approved by the Board of Directors: two-thirds in favor and one-third against;for extraordinary resolutions not approved by the Board of Directors: one-third in favor and two-thirds against;for extraordinary resolutions not approved by the Board of Directors: one-third in favor and two-thirds against.Documentation and participation in the General MeetingThe documents relating to the general meeting  including the draft resolutions and the proxy form  are made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website ( www.nicox.com ).Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the Ordinary and Extraordinary shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is posted on Nicox’s website. Shareholders may also contact the Company’s Investor Relations team at ag2024nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process. The proxy forms sent by correspondence  or the electronic votes received for the Ordinary and Extraordinary general meeting initially planned on April 10  2024 remain valid for the Ordinary and Extraordinary general meeting of May 6  2024.,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"[""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'ad hoc agent', 'Second notice', 'Nicox', 'May', 'appointment', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Drakkar 2 Bâtiment D', 'Maître Xavier Huertas', '2405 route des Dolines', 'SELARL XAVIER HUERTAS', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'ad hoc agent', 'Antibes Commercial Court', 'Investor Relations team', 'Extraordinary shareholder meeting', '06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'international ophthalmology company', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings"", 'extraordinary resolutions', 'second convening', 'draft resolutions', '1, Rue Lamartine', 'voting rights', 'voting process', 'proxy form', 'Nicox SA', 'electronic votes', 'Monday May', 'April', 'release', '07:30 CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'quorum', 'law', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'agenda', 'notice', 'March', 'Appointment', 'order', 'President', 'impossibility', 'ASSOCIES', 'person', 'Nice', 'shares', 'participation', 'neutrality', 'represent', 'Board', 'Directors', 'favor', 'two-thirds', 'Documentation', 'documents', 'headquarters', 'website', 'internet', 'guide', 'ag2024nicox', 'question', 'correspondence', '2:30']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-announces-reseller-collaboration-with-Origen-Tech-for-CCH-SureTax-for-SAP-Document-an-46515739/,Wolters Kluwer announces reseller collaboration with Origen Tech for CCH SureTax for SAP Document and Reporting Compliance Solution,(marketscreener.com) Agreement extends support for multinational companies’ indirect tax reporting and compliance to Latin Americahttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-announces-reseller-collaboration-with-O…,Agreement extends support for multinational companies’ indirect tax reporting and compliance to Latin AmericaWolters Kluwer  a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals  today announced a new reseller collaboration with Origen Tech  a leading expert in SAP S/4HANA Cloud and SAP Document Reporting and Compliance. Origen Tech has been selected to resell and spearhead the implementation of CCH® SureTax® for SAP Document and Reporting Compliance.The integration of CCH SureTax with SAP Document Reporting and Compliance is the latest evolution of Wolters Kluwer’s relationship with SAP  which builds on its previous participation in SAP’s technology adoption program.The new collaboration with Origen Tech follows the Wolters Kluwer announcement in January 2024 that multinational companies using the SAP Document and Reporting Compliance solution can now manage their U.S. local and state indirect tax filing obligations within SAP S/4HANA. This new functionality is made possible through a native integration between the SAP Document and Reporting Compliance solution and the Wolters Kluwer CCH® SureTax® solution.Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President & General Manager  Corporate Performance Management Solutions at Wolters Kluwer  said: “We are delighted to be working with Origen Tech to extend the opportunity for multinational companies to automate their tax reporting for other countries  all within the unified user experience of SAP S/4HANA Cloud. The new  native integration between SAP Document and Reporting Compliance and CCH SureTax is a tax reporting and compliance game-changer for the thousands of multinational companies that currently do business in the U.S.  or plan to expand into U.S. markets.”Until this year  users of SAP Document and Reporting Compliance have needed to utilize a separate solution  outside of SAP S/4HANA  to automate the way they visualize  report  and comply with evolving U.S. indirect tax rules  which vary at the state  local municipality and county levels. This approach can lead to decentralized workflows and the use of bolt-on solutions  increasing complexity and challenge in a company’s end-to-end tax processes.The reseller agreement with Origen Tech adds power to the CCH SureTax expert solution with deep localization expertise and excellence in implementation. This will enable greater understanding and adoption of the solution to support the streamlining of the compliance process within SAP Document and Reporting Compliance.“The reseller relationship between Wolters Kluwer and Origin Tech allows a broader base of companies to navigate complex tax landscapes with confidence and efficiency more quickly  given the combination of Origen Tech’s implementation proficiencies  the Wolters Kluwer CCH SureTax solution  and SAP Document and Reporting Compliance ” said Anil Mahendra  SVP Sales at Origen Tech.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.comAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424042229/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Reporting Compliance Solution', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'reseller collaboration', 'Origen Tech', 'CCH SureTax', 'SAP Document', 'evolving U.S. indirect tax rules', 'state indirect tax filing obligations', 'multinational companies’ indirect tax reporting', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Wolters Kluwer CCH® SureTax® solution', 'Wolters Kluwer CCH SureTax solution', 'CCH SureTax expert solution', 'Corporate Performance Management Solutions', 'U.S. markets', 'U.S. local', 'complex tax landscapes', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'unified user experience', 'deep localization expertise', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer announcement', 'Reporting Compliance solution', 'SAP S/4HANA Cloud', 'new reseller collaboration', 'technology adoption program', 'new, native integration', 'SAP Document Reporting', 'separate solution', 'tax processes', 'new collaboration', 'expert solutions', 'leading expert', 'corporate compliance', 'new functionality', 'local municipality', 'Latin America', 'global leader', 'Origen Tech', 'latest evolution', 'previous participation', 'General Manager', 'county levels', 'decentralized workflows', 'greater understanding', 'Origin Tech', 'broader base', 'Anil Mahendra', 'SVP Sales', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'compliance game-changer', 'compliance process', 'reseller agreement', 'reseller relationship', 'software solutions', 'other countries', 'implementation proficiencies', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'support', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'January', 'opportunity', 'thousands', 'business', 'year', 'users', 'way', 'approach', 'complexity', 'challenge', 'company', 'power', 'excellence', 'streamlining', 'confidence', 'efficiency', 'combination', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'news']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868279/0/en/Nicox-Second-notice-of-the-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-Shareholders-Meeting-on-May-6-2024-and-appointment-of-an-ad-hoc-agent.html,Nicox: Second notice of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on May 6  2024 and appointment of an ad hoc agent,Press Release Nicox: Second notice of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on May 6  2024 and appointment of an ad hoc agentApril 24 ...,April 24  2024 – release at 07:30 CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  informs its shareholders that the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting  having been unable to deliberate on April 10  2024 as the quorum required by law has not been reached  will be held  on second convening  on Monday May 6  2024 at 2:30 p.m.  at the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 Bâtiment D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis.The agenda and the draft resolutions for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings remain unchanged and are included in the notice of meeting published in Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires no.36 of March 22  2024 (no. 2400592).Appointment of an ad hoc agent to represent shareholdersBy order of the President of the Antibes Commercial Court on April 18  2024  given the impossibility of reaching the required quorum  SELARL XAVIER HUERTAS & ASSOCIES  in the person of Maître Xavier Huertas  domiciled at 1  Rue Lamartine - 06000 Nice  was appointed as ad hoc agent to represent the shareholders at the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting convened for May 6  2024 on second convening.The ad hoc agent will thus represent all the shares with voting rights held by shareholders who have not attended or are not represented at this General Meeting. The participation of the ad hoc agent would thus bring the quorum to 100% of shares with voting rights.In order to ensure the neutrality of the ad hoc agent  the voting rights attached to the shares of the represent shareholders will be exercised as follows:for ordinary resolutions  whether submitted  approved or not approved by the Board of Directors: half the votes in favor and half against;for extraordinary resolutions submitted or approved by the Board of Directors: two-thirds in favor and one-third against;for extraordinary resolutions not approved by the Board of Directors: one-third in favor and two-thirds against;for extraordinary resolutions not approved by the Board of Directors: one-third in favor and two-thirds against.Documentation and participation in the General MeetingThe documents relating to the general meeting  including the draft resolutions and the proxy form  are made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website (www.nicox.com).Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the Ordinary and Extraordinary shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is posted on Nicox’s website. Shareholders may also contact the Company’s Investor Relations team at ag2024nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process. The proxy forms sent by correspondence  or the electronic votes received for the Ordinary and Extraordinary general meeting initially planned on April 10  2024 remain valid for the Ordinary and Extraordinary general meeting of May 6  2024.,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,negative,0.05,0.28,0.68,True,English,"[""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'ad hoc agent', 'Second notice', 'Nicox', 'May', 'appointment', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Drakkar 2 Bâtiment D', 'Maître Xavier Huertas', '2405 route des Dolines', 'SELARL XAVIER HUERTAS', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'ad hoc agent', 'Antibes Commercial Court', 'Investor Relations team', 'Extraordinary shareholder meeting', '06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'international ophthalmology company', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings"", 'extraordinary resolutions', 'second convening', 'draft resolutions', '1, Rue Lamartine', 'voting rights', 'voting process', 'proxy form', 'electronic votes', 'Nicox SA', 'Monday May', 'April', 'release', '07:30 CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'quorum', 'law', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'agenda', 'notice', 'March', 'Appointment', 'order', 'President', 'impossibility', 'ASSOCIES', 'person', 'Nice', 'shares', 'participation', 'neutrality', 'represent', 'Board', 'Directors', 'favor', 'two-thirds', 'Documentation', 'documents', 'headquarters', 'website', 'internet', 'guide', 'ag2024nicox', 'question', 'correspondence', '2:30']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/nicox-second-notice-of-the-ordinary-and-extraordinary-shareholders-meeting-on-may-6-2024-and-appointment-of-an-ad-hoc-agent-93CH-3392690,Nicox: Second notice of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on May 6  2024 and appointment of an ad hoc agent By Investing.com,Nicox: Second notice of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on May 6  2024 and appointment of an ad hoc agent,April 24  2024 “ release at 07:30 CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  informs its shareholders that the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting  having been unable to deliberate on April 10  2024 as the quorum required by law has not been reached  will be held  on second convening  on Monday May 6  2024 at 2:30 p.m.  at the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 BÃ¢timent D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis.The agenda and the draft resolutions for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings remain unchanged and are included in the notice of meeting published in Bulletin des Annonces LÃ©gales Obligatoires no.36 of March 22  2024 (no. 2400592). Appointment of an ad hoc agent to represent shareholdersBy order of the President of the Antibes Commercial Court on April 18  2024  given the impossibility of reaching the required quorum  SELARL XAVIER HUERTAS & ASSOCIES  in the person of MaÃ®tre Xavier Huertas  domiciled at 1  Rue Lamartine - 06000 Nice  was appointed as ad hoc agent to represent the shareholders at the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting convened for May 6  2024 on second convening.The ad hoc agent will thus represent all the shares with voting rights held by shareholders who have not attended or are not represented at this General Meeting. The participation of the ad hoc agent would thus bring the quorum to 100% of shares with voting rights.In order to ensure the neutrality of the ad hoc agent  the voting rights attached to the shares of the represent shareholders will be exercised as follows: for ordinary resolutions  whether submitted  approved or not approved by the Board of Directors: half the votes in favor and half against;for extraordinary resolutions submitted or approved by the Board of Directors: two-thirds in favor and one-third against;for extraordinary resolutions not approved by the Board of Directors: one-third in favor and two-thirds against; for extraordinary resolutions not approved by the Board of Directors: one-third in favor and two-thirds against.Documentation and participation in the General MeetingThe documents relating to the general meeting  including the draft resolutions and the proxy form  are made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website (www.nicox.com).Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the Ordinary and Extraordinary shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is posted on Nicox's website. Shareholders may also contact the Company's Investor Relations team at ag2024nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process. The proxy forms sent by correspondence  or the electronic votes received for the Ordinary and Extraordinary general meeting initially planned on April 10  2024 remain valid for the Ordinary and Extraordinary general meeting of May 6  2024.,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,negative,0.03,0.32,0.65,True,English,"[""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'ad hoc agent', 'Second notice', 'Investing.com', 'Nicox', 'May', 'appointment', 'Drakkar 2 BÃ¢timent D', 'Annonces LÃ©gales Obligatoires', 'MaÃ®tre Xavier Huertas', 'SELARL XAVIER HUERTAS', '07:30 CET Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Growth Paris', '2405 route des Dolines', 'Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'ad hoc agent', 'Antibes Commercial Court', 'Investor Relations team', 'Extraordinary shareholder meeting', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'General MeetingThe', 'extraordinary resolutions', 'FranceNicox SA', 'second convening', 'draft resolutions', '1, Rue Lamartine', 'voting rights', 'voting process', 'Extraordinary Shareholders', 'proxy form', 'electronic votes', 'Monday May', 'represent shareholders', 'April', 'release', 'ALCOX', 'quorum', 'law', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'agenda', 'Meetings', 'notice', 'Bulletin', 'March', 'Appointment', 'shareholdersBy', 'order', 'President', 'impossibility', 'ASSOCIES', 'person', 'Nice', 'shares', 'participation', 'neutrality', 'Board', 'Directors', 'favor', 'two-thirds', 'Documentation', 'documents', 'headquarters', 'website', 'internet', 'guide', 'ag2024nicox', 'question', 'correspondence', '2:30']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,investing.com
39856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-delivers-strong-sales-in-the-first-quarter-of-2024-driven-by-growth-platforms-new-medicines-46509741/,Ipsen delivers strong sales in the first quarter of 2024  driven by growth platforms & new medicines  and confirms its full-year guidance,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2024 - Ipsen   a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents its sales for the first quarter of 2024.      Q1 2024  Q1 2023  % change  €m  €m  ActualCER1Growth platforms2509.7452.012.8%16.2%New.…,PARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2024 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents its sales for the first quarter of 2024.Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change €m €m Actual CER1 Growth platforms2 509.7 452.0 12.8% 16.2% New medicines3 45.5 14.3 n/a n/a Somatuline® 257.8 263.2 -2.0% -1.3% Other 9.5 12.4 -23.8% -20.5% Total Sales 822.4 741.9 10.9% 13.3%HighlightsTotal-sales growth of 13.3% at CER1  or 10.9% as reported  driven by the 16.2%1 increase in sales of the growth platforms2 and the increased contributions from new medicines  while Somatuline sales declined by only 1.3%1Regulatory approval and launch of Onivyde in the U.S. as a first-line treatment for metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (mPDAC)Confirmation of financial guidance for 2024“An excellent first-quarter performance has laid a solid foundation for Ipsen's growth in 2024”  commented David Loew  Chief Executive Officer  Ipsen. “The delivery of our strategic plan continues to be evidenced by a strong top line  supported by the success of the growth platforms and the increased contribution of the new medicines. Moreover  the pipeline continues to deliver  illustrated this quarter by the regulatory approval in the U.S. of Onivyde as a first-line treatment for pancreatic cancer.“This year marks a pivotal period for our growth plans  with the launches of four new medicines or indications. Our focus remains on the performance of our portfolio and the expansion of our pipeline  and a well-defined strategy for sustainable growth centred on enhancing the lives and medical outcomes of patients.”Full-year 2024 guidanceIpsen has confirmed its financial guidance for 2024  which excludes the impact of any potential additional late-stage4 external-innovation opportunities:Total-sales growth greater than 6.0%  at constant currency. Based on the average level of exchange rates in March 2024  an adverse impact on total sales of around 1% from currencies is expectedCore operating margin around 30% of total sales  which includes additional R&D expenses from anticipated early and mid-stage external-innovation opportunitiesGuidance on total sales incorporates expectations for Somatuline of further generic-lanreotide products in the U.S and E.U.Business updateIn February 2024  Ipsen announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had approved the supplemental new drug application for Onivyde plus oxaliplatin  fluorouracil and leucovorin (NALIRIFOX) as a first-line treatment for adults living with mPDAC. This was the second approval for an Onivyde regimen in mPDAC  after the FDA’s approval in 2015 of Onivyde plus fluorouracil and leucovorin  following disease progression with gemcitabine-based therapy. In conjunction with the approval in the U.S. of Onivyde as a first-line treatment in adults living with mPDAC  Orphan Drug Exclusivity was awarded and regulatory exclusivity was extended to 2031  driven by the automatic seven-year exclusivity period upon approval.In April 2024  Ipsen announced an exclusive global licensing agreement for STRO-003  an antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) targeting the ROR1 tumor antigen. STRO-003 is in the final stages of pre-clinical development. The agreement gives Ipsen exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize STRO-003 and is the first ADC candidate to join Ipsen’s expanding pipeline.Ipsen and Skyhawk Therapeutics announced  in April 2024  the signing of an exclusive worldwide collaboration to discover and develop novel small molecules that modulate RNA for rare neurological diseases. The agreement includes an option pursuant to which Ipsen would acquire an exclusive licence for the worldwide rights to develop successful development candidates.Onivyde litigationIn March 2024  Ipsen received a Paragraph IV notice letter regarding a 505(b)(2) submission to the U.S. FDA by Conjupro Biotherapeutics  Inc. (Conjupro)  requesting approval to market an irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection for the treatment of patients with mPDAC  following gemcitabine-based therapy. The letter challenges various patents that protect Onivyde and its use. In response  Ipsen filed in April 2024 a patent infringement lawsuit against Conjupro and certain related corporate entities in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey and will fully defend its rights as its patent portfolio includes U.S. patent protection for the liposome composition to expire in 2027  with additional patents covering the formulation and approved use in the treatment of patients with mPDAC following gemcitabine-based therapy having expiration dates up to 2033  with additional protection on the first-line use until 2036.Conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and analysts will begin today at 1pm CET. Participants can access the call and its details by registering here; webcast details can be found here.CalendarIpsen intends to publish its half-year and second-quarter results on 25 July 2024.NotesAll financial figures are in € millions (€m). The performance shown in this announcement covers the three-month period to 31 March 2024 (Q1 2024  the quarter)  compared to the three-month period to 31 March 2023 (Q1 2023).About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. Our pipeline is fuelled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .Ipsen contactsInvestorsCraig Marks +44 (0)7584 349 193Nicolas Bogler +33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy Wolf +41 79 576 07 23Ioana Piscociu +33 6 69 09 12 96Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .1 At constant exchange rates (CER)  which exclude any foreign-exchange impact by recalculating the performance for the relevant period by applying the exchange rates used for the prior period.2 Dysport® (abobotulinumtoxinA)  Decapeptyl® (triptorelin)  Cabometyx® (cabozantinib) and Onivyde® (irinotecan).3 Bylvay® (odevixibat)  Tazverik® (tazemetostat) and Sohonos® (palovarotene).4 Phase III clinical development or later.Attachment,neutral,0.34,0.65,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.31,0.26,True,English,"['strong sales', 'first quarter', 'growth platforms', 'new medicines', 'full-year guidance', 'Ipsen', 'potential additional late-stage4 external-innovation opportunities', 'global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company', 'additional R&D expenses', 'metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma', 'irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection', 'Paragraph IV notice letter', 'automatic seven-year exclusivity period', 'supplemental new drug application', 'Actual CER1 Growth platforms2', 'exclusive global licensing agreement', 'U.S. District Court', 'U.S. patent protection', 'mid-stage external-innovation opportunities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong top line', 'Core operating margin', 'Orphan Drug Exclusivity', 'ROR1 tumor antigen', 'novel small molecules', 'rare neurological diseases', 'patent infringement lawsuit', 'related corporate entities', 'exclusive worldwide collaboration', 'successful development candidates', 'U.S. Food', 'excellent first-quarter performance', 'four new medicines', 'exclusive worldwide rights', 'first ADC candidate', 'U.S. FDA', 'additional protection', 'additional patents', 'pancreatic cancer', 'pivotal period', 'Drug Administration', 'regulatory exclusivity', 'exclusive licence', 'liposome composition', 'E.U.', 'first quarter', 'New medicines3', 'pre-clinical development', 'New Jersey', 'patent portfolio', 'Total-sales growth', 'growth plans', 'sustainable growth', 'solid foundation', 'David Loew', 'strategic plan', 'medical outcomes', 'constant currency', 'average level', 'exchange rates', 'generic-lanreotide products', 'Business update', 'disease progression', 'gemcitabine-based therapy', 'antibody-drug conjugate', 'final stages', 'Skyhawk Therapeutics', '505(b)(2) submission', 'various patents', 'expiration dates', 'second-quarter results', 'financial figures', 'financial guidance', 'Full-year 2024 guidance', 'Total Sales', 'first-line treatment', 'Conference call', 'adverse impact', 'Regulatory approval', 'second approval', 'expanding pipeline', 'Conjupro Biotherapeutics', 'first-line use', 'Onivyde regimen', 'Onivyde litigation', 'Somatuline sales', 'webcast details', 'Somatuline®', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '24 April', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Q1', 'Highlights', '16.2%1 increase', 'contributions', 'launch', 'mPDAC', 'Confirmation', 'delivery', 'indications', 'focus', 'expansion', 'strategy', 'lives', 'patients', 'March', 'currencies', 'early', 'expectations', 'February', 'oxaliplatin', 'fluorouracil', 'leucovorin', 'NALIRIFOX', 'adults', 'conjunction', 'STRO-003', 'signing', 'option', 'response', 'formulation', 'investors', 'analysts', '1pm', 'Participants', 'Calendar', 'half-year', '25 July', 'Notes', 'millions', '1.']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAFILO-GROUP-S-P-A-165621/news/Safilo-S-p-A-The-new-Board-of-Directors-of-Safilo-Group-S-p-A-confirms-Angelo-Trocchia-as-CEO-and-46516724/,Safilo S p A : The new Board of Directors of Safilo Group S.p.A. confirms Angelo Trocchia as CEO and appoints the Board Committees,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF SAFILO GROUP S.P.A.   APPROVES THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS AT DECEMBER 31  2023   AND APPOINTS THE NEW BOARD OF DIRECTORS   Padua  April 24  2024 - The Shareholders' Meeting of …,In accordance with article 14 of the Company Articles of Association  the position of Chairman of the Board of Directors is to be held by Eugenio Razelli  first candidate of the majority list.from the second list by number of votes  presented by BDL Capital Management (manager of the funds BDL Rempart  BDL Convictions e RBDL)  holder of a total of 62 017 088 ordinary shares of the Company  equal to 14.99% of the share capital  Matthieu Brisset was elected.from the list obtaining the majority of the votes  presented by the shareholder Multibrands Italy B.V. (company controlled by HAL Holding N.V.)  holder of a total of 206 126 958 ordinary shares of the Company  equal to 49.817% of the share capital  Eugenio Razelli  Angelo Trocchia  Melchert F. Groot  Cinziain relation to the appointment of the new Board of Directors  which will hold office until the approval of the financial statements at 31approved the first section of the Report on the remuneration policy and on the remuneration paid  relating to the Company's policy on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  managers with strategic responsibilities and the Board of Statutory Auditors for the 2024 financial year and the procedures used for the adoption and implementation of this policy  and favourably resolved upon the second section of the Report on the remuneration policy and on the remuneration paid  relating to the items that make up the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  managers with strategic responsibilities and the Board of Statutory Auditors  as well as the remuneration paid to them for any reason during the 2023 financial year;Press ReleaseThe elected members  Ines Mazzilli  Cinzia Morelli-Verhoog  Irene Boni and Matthieu Brisset have stated that they hold the requirements of independence established by law (Articles 147- ter  paragraph 4  and 148  paragraph 3  of the Decree Legislative 24 February 1998  n. 58)  and in accordance with the Articles of Association  and the Corporate Governance Code of Listed Companies.As of today  and according to the information available to the Company  the Board members Angelo Trocchia and Katia Buja own respectively 422 500 and 33 000 ordinary shares of Safilo Group S.p.A.In the extraordinary session  the Shareholders' meeting approved the proposal to amend Articles 8  10  17 and 27 of the Articles of Association  relating to the procedures for participation and representation at the Shareholders' Meeting  as well as the procedures for convening and holding the meetings of the Board of Directors and the meetings of the Board of Statutory Auditors.****Moreover  it should also be noted that the ordinary shareholders' meeting of the subsidiary Safilo S.p.A.  held today  unanimously resolved to authorize the purchase and disposal of ordinary shares of the parent company Safilo Group S.p.A.  inter alia to service the Stock Option Plan 2023-2025  for a maximum number of 16 000 000 shares equal to approximately 3.9% of the shares currently issued by Safilo Group S.p.A.. The authorization for the purchase of the parent company's shares is granted for the maximum duration allowed by law  provided for by article 2359-bis  paragraph 2 and by article 2357  paragraph 2  of the Italian Civil Code for a period of eighteen months  starting from the approval of the resolution. The transactions of purchase of the parent company's shares shall carried out on regulated markets  in compliance with current legislation and  in particular  with Article 132 of the TUF - with reference to the principle of equal treatment of shareholders - with Article 144-bis and Article 144-bis.1 of the Issuers' Regulation  with the EU and national regulations on market abuse applicable from time to time  and in compliance with the conditions set forth in the market practices permitted under Article 13 MAR and in compliance with Article 5 MAR  as well as with the applicable provisions of Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 1052 of 8 March 2016. The shareholders' meeting of Safilo S.p.A. also gave the mandate to the Sole Director to identify  for the purpose of the purchase  the amount of shares to be purchased prior to the commencement of each purchase program as well as the unit price  which may not  in any case  be 10% lower in minimum and 10% higher in maximum with respect to the official price recorded by Safilo Group's share on the Euronext Milan market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. on the trading day prior to that on which the purchase transaction will be carried out. This resolution replaces the authorization issued to the Sole Director by the Shareholders' Meeting of Safilo S.p.A. on April 27  2023.All the documentation relating to the Shareholders' meeting  including the CVs of the members of the Board of Directors  is available on the company's internet website at the section Governance/ Shareholders' meeting  https://www.safilogroup.com/en/governance/shareholders-meeting.About Safilo GroupSafilo is a global player in the eyewear industry that has been creating  producing  and distributing for over 90 years sunglasses  prescription frames  outdoor eyewear  goggles and helmets. Thanks to a data-driven approach  Safilo goes beyond the traditional boundaries of the eyewear industry: in just one company it brings together Italian design  stylistic  technical and industrial innovation  and state-of-the-art digital platforms  developed in its digital hubs in Padua and Portland  and made available to Opticians and Clients for an unmatched customer experience. Guided by its purpose  See the world at its best  Safilo is leading its Group legacy  founded on innovation and responsibility  onwards towards the future.With an extensive global presence  Safilo's business model enables it to monitor its entire production and distribution chain. From research and development in five prestigious design studios  located in Padua  Milan  New York  Hong Kong and Portland  to its company-owned production facilities and network of qualified manufacturing partners  Safilo Group ensures that every product offers the perfect fit and meets high quality standards. Reaching approximately 100 000 selected points of sale worldwide with an extensive wholly owned network of subsidiaries in 40 countries and more than 50 partners in 70 countries  Safilo's well-established traditional wholesale distribution model  which encompasses eyecare retailers  chains  department stores  specialized retailers 2,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['Safilo Group S.p.A.', 'Safilo S', 'new Board', 'Angelo Trocchia', 'Board Committees', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'subsidiary Safilo S.p.A.', 'Safilo Group S.p.A', 'Multibrands Italy B.V.', 'HAL Holding N.V.', 'Melchert F. Groot', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'Stock Option Plan', 'Italian Civil Code', 'Euronext Milan market', 'BDL Capital Management', ""Governance/ Shareholders' meeting"", ""ordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'BDL Rempart', 'BDL Convictions', 'market abuse', 'market practices', 'Eugenio Razelli', 'first candidate', 'share capital', 'Matthieu Brisset', 'Angelo Trocchia', 'financial statements', 'strategic responsibilities', 'Statutory Auditors', '2024 financial year', '2023 financial year', 'Press Release', 'Ines Mazzilli', 'Irene Boni', 'Listed Companies', 'Katia Buja', 'extraordinary session', 'inter alia', 'eighteen months', 'regulated markets', 'current legislation', 'equal treatment', ""Issuers' Regulation"", 'national regulations', 'applicable provisions', 'Delegated Regulation', 'Sole Director', 'unit price', 'official price', 'trading day', 'internet website', 'global player', 'eyewear industry', 'second list', 'first section', 'second section', 'maximum duration', '62,017,088 ordinary shares', '206,126,958 ordinary shares', '33,000 ordinary shares', 'Cinzia Morelli-Verhoog', 'elected members', 'parent company', 'purchase program', 'purchase transaction', 'new Board', 'majority list', 'maximum number', 'remuneration policy', 'Article 5 MAR', 'Company Articles', 'Board members', '16,000,000 shares', 'article 2357', 'accordance', 'Association', 'position', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'votes', 'manager', 'funds', 'RBDL', 'total', 'relation', 'appointment', 'office', 'approval', 'Report', 'procedures', 'adoption', 'implementation', 'items', 'reason', 'requirements', 'independence', 'law', 'paragraph', 'Decree', 'Legislative', 'February', 'today', 'information', 'proposal', 'participation', 'representation', 'meetings', 'disposal', 'authorization', 'period', 'resolution', 'transactions', 'compliance', 'TUF', 'reference', 'principle', 'time', 'conditions', '8 March', 'mandate', 'purpose', 'amount', 'commencement', 'case', 'minimum', 'respect', 'April', 'documentation', 'CVs', 'safilogroup', 'governance/shareholders-meeting', '422,500']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VANTIVA-6411898/news/Vantiva-First-quarter-2024-revenues-46519079/,Vantiva - First quarter 2024 revenues,(marketscreener.com) Press Release First quarter 2024 revenues Sales down 20% as reported Accelerating synergiesnow estimated at 40 million euros for 2024 and over 200 million euros from 2026 onwards GUIDANCE CONFIRMED Paris   April 24  2024 - Vantiva today a…,"Press ReleaseFirst quarter 2024 revenuesSales down 20% as reportedAccelerating synergiesnow estimated (net of costs) at 40 million euros for 2024and over 200 million euros from 2026 onwardsGUIDANCE CONFIRMEDParis (France)  April 24  2024 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI) today announced its unaudited sales for the first quarter of 2024.""Connected Home"" sales fell by 21.7% over the quarter  despite the integration of the Home Networks business in 2024 and the contribution of the diversification activities. This is due to a strong first quarter in Q1 2023  destocking in the sector and a slowdown in capex from operators.“Supply Chain Solutions"" sales were down 13.2%.Group sales totaled 458 million euros for the quarter  down 20% as reported (-19.1% at constant exchange rates).The contribution of Connected Home was 358 million euros  down 21.7% after the integration of the Home Networks business for 2024 (-20.8% at constant exchange rates). This amount includes 18 million euros of revenues from the diversification activities.The contribution from SCS was 100 million euros  down 13.2% (-12.4% at constant exchange rates).Vantiva accelerates the implementation of synergies linked to the integration of Home Networks and continues to optimize “Supply Chain Solutions”.The group is now targeting 40 million euros in synergies (net of costs) by 2024  linked to the integration of Home Networks.Synergy potential much greater than initially expected and estimated at over 200 million euros from 2026 onwards compared to over 100 million euros initially expected.The 2024 guidance is confirmed.Luis Martinez-Amago  group Managing Director  comments:""As expected  the first quarter was very weak  due to the general slowdown in demand against a backdrop of persistently high inventories  and we had prepared ourselves accordingly. The basis for comparison is also unfavorable  since Q1 23 was a strong quarter  stemming from a cycle of high demand due to the precautions taken during the chip crisis  with an exceptional level of activity at some of our strategic customers. The scale of the slowdown is in line with our forecasts and justifies the strong adjustment measures we are currently deploying. We expect business to pick up gradually in the second quarter and second half of the year. The integration of Home Networks is proceeding according to plan and will generate the expected synergies more rapidly than anticipated  enabling the group to defend its profitability in this market context  and to be ready to benefit from the market recovery"".I- Q1 2024 salesIn € million  continuing operations Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Current exchange rates Constant exchange rates Revenue 458 573 -20.0% -19.1%First quarter highlightsThe downturn in “Connected Home” sales is in line with our forecasts at the start of the year. It can be explained by a first quarter 2023 which saw an exceptional level of deliveries with some of our biggest customers  both Vantiva and Home Networks. The return to normal with these customers and a general downturn in business  linked to the need to clear inventories  are therefore at the root of this downturn. A sequential improvement is expected from the second quarter of 2024 onwards.The integration of the Home Networks business is proceeding according to plan  and the group is accelerating the implementation of synergies  which should reach  net of costs  around 40 million euros by 2024 and exceed 200 million euros from 2026 onwards.The ""SCS"" business also saw a decline in sales  albeit more contained. Diversification activities helped limit the impact of the structural decline in demand for optical disks.The 2024 guidance is confirmed.OutlookThe group confirms its guidance for fiscal 2024:EBITDA > €140 millionFCF(1) > €0 million(1) After interest and taxes and before restructuring and Home Networks acquisition costsII- Analysis by division and highlightsConnected HomeBreakdown of sales by productIn € million  continuing operations Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Current exchangerates Constant exchange rates Revenue 358 458 -21.7% -20.8% Of which by product Broadband 212 380 -44.2% -43.7% Video 127 77 65.2 % 67.5% Diversification 18 0 ns“Connected Home” sales totaled 358 million euros in the first quarter  down 21.7% despite the contribution of Home Networks activities for 2024  and accounted for 78% of group sales (80% in Q1 2023). At constant exchange rates  the decline would have been 20.8% compared with Q1 2023 as reported.Sales were impacted by continued weak activity due to order reductions by our customers in a context of destocking  and also by a particularly high basis for comparison due to an exceptional level of deliveries with certain strategic customers in North America and Europe.The integration of Home Networks explains the sharp rise in Video sales.Diversification activities contributed 18 million euros  and the group signed new contracts for its ""Internet of Things"" (IoT) activities.Supply Chain SolutionsIn € million  continuing operations Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Current exchange rates Constant exchange rates Revenue 100 115 -13.2% -12.4%First quarter SCS sales totaled 100 million euros  representing 22% of group sales (20% in Q1 2023). This represents a 13.2% decline compared with Q1 2023  and at constant exchange rates would have been down 12.4%. This variation is the result of contrasting trends: demand for optical discs continues to fall  but is partially offset by price increases  while sales of vinyl discs and logistics services have risen.###Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Vantiva’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF). The Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) for fiscal year 2022 was filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 26  2023  under no. D.23-0337  and an amendment was filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on December 8  2023  under no. D.23-0337-A01.###About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Following the acquisition of CommScope’s Home Networks in January 2024  Vantiva continues its 130-year legacy as a global leader in the connected home market.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Investor Relations Image 7 for Vantivainvestor.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.frAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.26,0.48,True,English,"['First quarter 2024 revenues', 'Vantiva', 'Home Networks acquisition costs II- Analysis', 'Constant exchange rates Revenue', 'Supply Chain Solutions"" sales', 'Current exchange rates', 'strong adjustment measures', 'Connected Home Breakdown', 'Home Networks business', 'Home Networks activities', 'Connected Home"" sales', 'Connected Home” sales', 'group Managing Director', 'strong first quarter', 'First quarter 2024 revenues', 'First quarter highlights', 'I- Q1 2024 sales', 'strong quarter', 'IoT) activities', 'unaudited sales', 'second quarter', 'Press Release', 'Synergy potential', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'chip crisis', 'exceptional level', 'second half', 'market recovery', 'continuing operations', 'sequential improvement', 'optical disks', 'order reductions', 'North America', 'sharp rise', 'new contracts', 'diversification activities', 'SCS"" business', 'Group sales', 'Video sales', 'strategic customers', 'biggest customers', '458 million euros', '358 million euros', '18 million euros', '100 million euros', '40 million euros', '200 million euros', 'Euronext Paris', 'high inventories', 'market context', 'weak activity', 'high basis', 'general slowdown', 'high demand', 'general downturn', 'structural decline', 'Q1 2023', 'Accelerating', 'synergies', 'GUIDANCE', 'CONFIRMED', 'France', 'April', 'Vantiva', 'integration', 'contribution', 'sector', 'capex', 'operators', 'amount', 'implementation', 'The', 'comments', 'backdrop', 'comparison', 'cycle', 'precautions', 'scale', 'forecasts', 'year', 'plan', 'profitability', 'start', 'deliveries', 'return', 'need', 'root', 'impact', 'Outlook', 'fiscal 2024', 'EBITDA', 'FCF', 'interest', 'taxes', 'restructuring', 'division', 'product', 'Broadband', '0 ns', 'destocking', 'Europe', 'Internet']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868259/0/en/Pharming-to-be-honored-as-Industry-Innovator-at-National-Organization-for-Rare-Disorders-NORD-2024-Rare-Impact-Awards.html,Pharming to be honored as Industry Innovator at National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD®) 2024 Rare Impact Awards,Recognition given for achievement in commercializing Joenja® (leniolisib)  a first-in-class medication brought to market 10 years after disease state  APDS  was first characterized,Recognition given for achievement in commercializing Joenja® (leniolisib)  a first-in-class medication brought to market 10 years after disease state  APDS  was first characterizedLeiden  the Netherlands  April 24  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is pleased to announce its recognition as an Industry Innovator by the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD®) at the Rare Impact Awards on June 8  2024. The Rare Impact Awards honor individuals  groups and organizations who are making exceptional strides to improve the lives of people living with rare diseases.Pharming will accept the award in recognition of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval and commercialization of Joenja® (leniolisib)  an oral  selective PI3Kδ inhibitor. Joenja® is the first and only treatment approved in the U.S. for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Approximately two weeks after Joenja® was approved for use on March 24  2023  Pharming announced that the first shipments to patients in the U.S. were delivered.Peter Saltonstall  President and CEO of NORD  commented:“NORD is very pleased to recognize Pharming for the approval of Joenja® in the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS). APDS is a rare inborn error of immunity characterized primarily by frequent infections  lymphoproliferation and autoimmunity for which there was not a targeted therapy until FDA approval of Joenja® for both adults and pediatrics 12 years of age and older. On behalf of the approximately 500 individuals in the US with this rare condition  NORD is thrilled to see such innovation taking place at Pharming. With 95% of rare diseases not having therapies available  the approval of Joenja® for APDS is worthy of the NORD Industry Innovation Award. NORD congratulates Pharming for this achievement.”Stephen Toor  Chief Commercial Officer of Pharming  commented:“We are honored to be recognized by NORD® as an industry leader making a difference in the lives of those living with and caring for someone living with a rare disease. Of the more than 7 000 rare diseases that have been identified  very few have an FDA-approved therapy. Pharming is proud to provide a treatment option for those living with APDS. This is a significant milestone for the scientists who developed Joenja and the patients we serve. We look forward to commemorating this achievement alongside members of the APDS community later this year.”For more information about the Rare Impact Awards and to view the full list of honorees  please click here .About the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD)With a 40-year history of advancing care  treatments and policy  the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD) is the leading and longest-standing patient advocacy group for the more than 25 million Americans living with a rare disease. NORD  a 501(c)(3) nonprofit  is dedicated to individuals with rare diseases and the organizations that serve them. NORD  along with its more than 330 patient organization members  is committed to improving the health and well-being of people with rare diseases by driving advances in care  research and policy. For more information  please visit https://rarediseases.org/ .About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About leniolisibLeniolisib is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the US as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial demonstrated clinical efficacy of leniolisib in the coprimary endpoints; demonstrating statistically significant impact on immune dysregulation and normalization of immunophenotype within these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term leniolisib administration.8 9 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review in Europe  Canada and Australia  and a regulatory submission has been made in the U.K. with plans to pursue regulatory approval in Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in two Phase III clinical trials in children with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.References1. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97.2. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.3. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.4. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.5. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.6. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.7. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.8. RAO VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983.9. Rao VK  et al. Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (2023)  doi: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jaci.2023.09.032 .For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['2024 Rare Impact Awards', 'Rare Disorders', 'Industry Innovator', 'National Organization', 'Pharming', 'NORD®', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'longest-standing patient advocacy group', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'oral, selective PI3Kδ inhibitor', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'The Rare Impact Awards', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'important cellular messenger', 'NORD Industry Innovation Award', 'rare inborn error', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', '330 patient organization members', 'U.S. Food', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'frequent infections', 'Industry Innovator', 'industry leader', 'Rare Disorders', 'rare diseases', 'rare condition', 'National Organization', 'class medication', 'disease state', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'exceptional strides', 'Drug Administration', 'Peter Saltonstall', 'Stephen Toor', 'significant milestone', 'full list', '40-year history', '501(c)(3) nonprofit', 'immune cells', 'progressive disease', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'cell functions', 'cell survival', 'pediatric patients', 'treatment option', 'advancing care', '25 million Americans', 'targeted treatment', 'cytokine production', 'first shipments', '1 to 2 people', 'APDS community', 'FDA approval', 'NORD®', 'Recognition', 'achievement', 'Joenja®', 'leniolisib', 'market', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'June', 'individuals', 'groups', 'organizations', 'lives', 'commercialization', 'adult', '12 years', 'use', 'March', 'President', 'CEO', 'immunity', 'lymphoproliferation', 'therapy', 'pediatrics', 'behalf', 'place', 'therapies', 'difference', 'someone', 'scientists', 'information', 'honorees', 'treatments', 'policy', 'leading', 'health', 'well-being', 'advances', 'research', 'rarediseases', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'development', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'accumulation', 'time', 'lymphoma', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'multitude', 'differentiation']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAUNA-KEA-TECHNOLOGIES-8296092/news/Mauna-Kea-Technologies-Executes-Agreement-to-Restructure-its-Existing-Loan-Agreement-with-the-Europe-46518530/,Mauna Kea Technologies Executes Agreement to Restructure its Existing Loan Agreement with the European Investment Bank,(marketscreener.com) Renewed EIB confidence in Mauna Kea extending support until 2029Final maturities deferred 4 years to 2028 and 2029Alignment of debt maturities with the Group’s trajectory of profitability and cash flow generationCash runway unti…,"Renewed EIB confidence in Mauna Kea extending support until 2029 Final maturities deferred 4 years to 2028 and 2029 Alignment of debt maturities with the Group’s trajectory of profitability and cash flow generation Cash runway until Q1 2025Regulatory News:Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT) (Paris:ALMKT)  inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announced the execution of an agreement to restructure €21.3 million in outstanding debt obligations related to the Company’s finance contract with the European Investment Bank (EIB).Initially signed in June 2019  the finance contract enabled Mauna Kea to access two loan tranches of €11.5 million and €6 million  respectively set to mature in a single installment in July 2024 and July 2025. The terms included a capitalized interest rate of 5% for the first tranche  and an annual interest rate of 3% and capitalized interest rate of 4% for the second tranche. Additionally  the agreement involved issuing share warrants to the EIB: 1 450 000 warrants at an exercise price of €1.88 for the first tranche and 500 000 warrants at an exercise price of €1.24 for the second tranche.Under the newly agreed restructuring agreement  the EIB has consented to defer the final principal and interests for both tranches to July 2028 and July 2029 respectively. The revised schedule sets initial principal repayments at €1 million in 2025  €2.5 million in 2026  and €5 million in 2027. Furthermore  the agreement incorporates a commitment to pay annual royalties of 2% on certain revenues over a six-year period starting on January 30  2024  with a cap of €10 million. Finalization of this agreement is contingent inter alia upon a revaluation of the first tranche's warrant exercise price to €1.24  which will be proposed at the next Annual General Meeting (AGM) on June 6  2024. Additionally  the agreement stipulates that €7 million in funding must be secured through licensing deals  partnerships  equity raises  or other means by April 30  2025.""We are very pleased to have reached a favorable restructuring agreement with the EIB  as it defers the majority of our repayments to 2028 and 2029. The EIB  a major financial partner  has demonstrated its confidence in our vision  its execution in the past 2 years and our strategic objectives "" commented Sacha Loiseau  Ph.D.  Chairman and CEO of Mauna Kea Technologies. ""Beyond our growth strategy and partnerships  we have been focused on strengthening our financial structure for several months  including bolstering our equity through the addition of Telix to our shareholder base. The rescheduling of our maturities is also a crucial step in enhancing our financial visibility and aligning it with our cash flow generation horizon.""***About Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Technologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 3 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on June 28  2023 under number D-23-0545  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424671262/en/",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.27,0.41,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies', 'European Investment Bank', 'Existing Loan Agreement', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'cash flow generation horizon', 'vivo cellular imaging platform', 'global medical device company', 'vivo cellular visualization', 'European Investment Bank', 'capitalized interest rate', 'annual interest rate', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'outstanding debt obligations', 'major financial partner', 'two loan tranches', 'initial principal repayments', 'favorable restructuring agreement', 'The Cellvizio® platform', 'Cash runway', 'annual royalties', 'medical specialties', 'final principal', 'debt maturities', 'financial structure', 'financial visibility', 'financial condition', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Growth', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'finance contract', 'single installment', 'first tranche', 'second tranche', 'exercise price', 'six-year period', 'licensing deals', 'other means', 'past 2 years', 'Sacha Loiseau', 'Ph.D.', 'growth strategy', 'several months', 'shareholder base', 'crucial step', 'indeterminate areas', 'surgical interventions', 'wide range', 'transformative change', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'future operations', 'reasonable assumptions', 'economic conditions', 'The EIB', 'forward-looking statements', 'Final maturities', 'time reactions', 'real time', 'financial markets', 'equity raises', 'strategic objectives', 'share warrants', 'numerous risks', 'EIB confidence', '1,450,000 warrants', '500,000 warrants', 'support', '2029 Alignment', 'Group', 'trajectory', 'profitability', 'Q1', 'ALMKT', 'Paris', 'inventor', 'nCLE', 'execution', 'June', 'July', 'terms', 'interests', 'schedule', 'commitment', 'revenues', 'January', 'Finalization', 'revaluation', 'AGM', 'funding', 'partnerships', 'April', 'majority', 'vision', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'addition', 'Telix', 'rescheduling', 'real-time', 'technology', 'physicians', 'progression', 'disease', 'point', 'concern', 'patients', 'information', 'maunakeatech', 'Disclaimer', 'business', 'strategies', 'plans', 'assurance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'Chapter', 'AMF', 'number', 'website', 'fr', 'changes', 'material', 'occurrence', 'performance', 'achievements']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLOCAL-GROUP-24706781/news/SoLocal-Approval-of-the-proposed-amendment-to-the-accelerated-financial-safeguard-plan-by-the-Bond-46513656/,SoLocal : Approval of the proposed amendment to the accelerated financial safeguard plan by the Bondholders' G...,(marketscreener.com)      Press release     Boulogne-Billancourt  23 April 2024      Approval of the proposed amendment to the accelerated financial safeguard plan by the Bondholders' General Meeting  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/…,"The proposed amendment to the accelerated financial safeguard plan («plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée») approved by judgement of 6 August 2020 by the Nanterre Commercial Court was approved by 99.8% of the votes during the Bondholders' General Meeting (the ""BGM"") which took place yesterday. This BGM had been convened on 12 April 2024 by the court appointed administrator in charge of supervising the implementation of the accelerated financial safeguard plan (« Commissaire à l'exécution du plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée»).DisclaimerThis press release has been prepared by Solocal Group exclusively for information purposes. It does not constitute or include any advice or recommendation by Solocal Group (or any other person) regarding the securities of Solocal Group or as to the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Solocal Group (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of the business of Solocal Group  its securities  its affiliates or any of Solocal Group's or their assets.This press release is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange or acquire securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. The securities referenced in this press release may not be offered  sold  exchanged or delivered in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirement under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The securities mentioned in this press release are not  and will not be  registered in the United States. This press release is not directed at  or intended for distribution  publication  availability to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  country or other jurisdiction  where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation  or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction. Nothing in this press release constitutes or contemplates an invitation to participate in the solicitations by a holder in any circumstances in which such participation is unlawful.This press release includes forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations about future events. Such forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations and services and product development  as well as statements  regarding performance or events. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans""  ""projects""  ""may""  ""would""  ""should"" or the negative of these terms and similar expressions. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions about Solocal Group and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their business  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments in respect of contingent liabilities  changes in economic conditions globally or in Solocal Group's principal markets  competitive conditions in the market and regulatory factors. Those events are uncertain; their outcome may differ from current expectations which may in turn materially affect expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in these forward- looking statements. Any forward-looking statement contained in this press release is made as of the date of this press release. Other than as required by applicable law  Solocal Group does not undertake to revise or update any forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. The results and the Group's performance may also be affected by various risks and uncertainties  including without limitation  risks identified in the ""Risk factors"" of the Universal Registration Document registered by the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 28  2023 and also available on the Group's websiteEN - Solocal - Solocal is the digital partner for all local companies in France  from VSEs  to SMBs or Large Companies with networks. Our job; vitalize local life. We strive every day to unveil the full potential of all companies by connecting them to their customers thanks to our innovative digital services. We advise over 260 000 companies all over France and support them to boost their activity thanks to our digital services (Relational Presence  Websites and Digital advertising). We also bring users the best possible digital experience with PagesJaunes  and our GAFAM* partners. We provide professionals and the public with our high audience services (15M views for PagesJaunes)  geolocalised data  scalable technology platforms  unparalleled commercial coverage across France  our privileged partnerships with digital companies and our talents in terms of data  development and digital marketing. Solocal moreover benefits from the ""Digital Ad Trust"" label. To know more about Solocal (Euronext Paris ""LOCAL""): let's keep in touch @solocal *GAFAM : Google  Microsoft/Bing   Facebook  Apple  Amazon. Committed to a CRS strategy since 2013  Solocal fully endorses the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The company is certified bronze by Ecovadis and sylver by Gaia EthifinancePress contacts Investors contact Follow us Charlotte Millet Jérôme Friboulet +33 (0)1 46 23 30 00 +33(0)1 46 23 30 61 charlotte.millet@solocal.com jfriboulet@solocal.com Edwige Druon solocal.com +33 (0)1 46 23 37 56edruon@solocal.com",neutral,0.28,0.7,0.02,mixed,0.14,0.35,0.51,True,English,"['financial safeguard plan', ""Bondholders' G..."", 'Approval', 'amendment', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'plan de sauvegarde financière', 'best possible digital experience', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'financial safeguard plan', ""Bondholders' General Meeting"", 'scalable technology platforms', 'unparalleled commercial coverage', 'future capital expenditures', 'high audience services', 'Nanterre Commercial Court', 'Universal Registration Document', 'innovative digital services', 'future financial results', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Forward looking statements', 'digital partner', 'Digital advertising', 'digital marketing', 'future value', 'digital companies', 'exécution', 'press release', 'information purposes', 'investment decision', 'United States', 'applicable exemption', 'current beliefs', 'similar expressions', 'contingent liabilities', 'economic conditions', 'principal markets', 'competitive conditions', 'regulatory factors', 'expected results', 'Actual results', 'new information', 'Risk factors', 'local life', 'full potential', 'Relational Presence', 'GAFAM* partners', 'privileged partnerships', 'registration requirement', 'future events', 'other person', 'other jurisdiction', 'future performance', 'inherent risks', 'various risks', 'local companies', 'Large Companies', 'Solocal Group', 'underlying assumptions', 'product development', 'applicable law', 'geolocalised data', 'current expectations', '260 000 companies', 'amendment', 'judgement', '6 August', 'votes', 'BGM', 'place', '12 April', 'administrator', 'charge', 'implementation', 'accelerated', 'Commissaire', 'Disclaimer', 'advice', 'recommendation', 'merits', 'transaction', 'making', 'confirmation', 'commitment', 'present', 'business', 'affiliates', 'assets', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'distribution', 'publication', 'availability', 'use', 'entity', 'citizen', 'resident', 'locality', 'country', 'regulation', 'licensing', 'Nothing', 'invitation', 'circumstances', 'participation', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'respect', 'operations', 'words', 'expects', 'projects', 'terms', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'subsidiaries', 'investments', 'trends', 'acquisitions', 'developments', 'changes', 'outcome', 'turn', 'date', 'light', 'limitation', 'website', 'France', 'VSEs', 'SMBs', 'networks', 'job', 'customers', 'activity', 'PagesJaunes', 'professionals', 'talents']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KALRAY-44172573/news/Kalray-KALRAY-JOINS-ARM-TOTAL-DESIGN-EXTENDING-COLLABORATION-WITH-ARM-ON-ACCELERATED-AI-PROCE-46509789/,Kalray :  KALRAY JOINS ARM TOTAL DESIGN  EXTENDING COLLABORATION WITH ARM ON ACCELERATED AI PROCESSING,(marketscreener.com)  By joining forces with industry leaders in the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray is helping more companies integrate its AI and data-processing solution into their next-generation chips. Grenoble  France April 24  2024 – Kalray   a …,"By joining forces with industry leaders in the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray is helping more companies integrate its AI and data-processing solution into their next-generation chips.Grenoble  France April 24  2024 – Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software solutions to accelerate data intensive workflows from Cloud to Edge  announced that it has extended its collaboration with Arm by joining Arm Total Design. Through a deeper connection to industry leaders who are leveraging Arm® Neoverse™ Compute Subsystems (CSS)  Kalray can help more companies integrate its unique AI and data acceleration technology and help Arm ecosystem partners commercialize AI-based solutions in a fraction of the time and cost usually needed.Arm Total Design helps accelerate and simplify the delivery of custom silicon based on Arm Neoverse CSS and has grown to more than 20 partners  including the top three leading foundries  ASIC design houses  IP vendors  EDA tool providers  and firmware developers who are driving leading-edge innovation.Kalray is already working to integrate Arm Coherent Mesh Network (CMN) technology to help easily connect Kalray's advanced AI and data processing acceleration solution to Arm Neoverse CSS.As a member of the Arm Total Design ecosystem  Kalray can move swiftly with the latest Arm technologies and thus ease the access to Kalray's advanced AI and data processing capabilities to adopters of Arm Neoverse technology – and in doing so  facilitate their rollout of AI across numerous use cases and industries.“The proliferation of AI has led to an unprecedented demand for more compute power and flexibility  which is a driving force behind the momentum of Arm Neoverse in the data center and beyond ” said Eddie Ramirez  vice president of go-to-market  Infrastructure Line of Business  Arm. “Kalray is bringing its expertise in AI acceleration and efficient data processing to the Arm Total Design ecosystem  enabling partners to more easily integrate these capabilities as they build custom silicon solutions to maximize performance and efficiency.”“AI workloads are exerting profound changes in the semi-conductor industry with their insatiable demand for data processing ” said Eric Baissus  Kalray CEO. “Kalray is proud to be among the best of the best in the industry as part of the Arm Total Design ecosystem. We look forward to helping more technology players to use the AI and data acceleration capabilities of Kalray's DPU technology so they can deliver innovative AI processing solutions across the industry.”ABOUT KALRAYKalray is a technology innovator specializing in software and hardware solutions to accelerate data-intensive workflows in Media & Entertainment  High-Performance Computing  and Artificial Intelligence. Our comprehensive product range features ngenea  a leading data acceleration platform  as well as accelerated data processing cards for storage and compute.With Kalray solutions  customers can scale their infrastructures to efficiently meet the performance and capacity needs of data-intensive tasks  all without being tied to specific data formats or vendors.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off from the French CEA research lab  Kalray has corporate and financial backing from notable investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors  and Bpifrance. Committed to innovation and excellence  we strive to deliver value to our customers  developers  and the planet through technology and expertise.INVESTOR CONTACTSEric BAISSUScontactinvestisseurs@kalrayinc.comPhone +33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationA nne-Pauline PETUREAUXkalray@actus.frPhone + 33 1 53 67 36 72 PRESS CONTACTSPenta STANLEYcommunication@kalrayinc.comPhone +44 7939 877 880Mary Kae MarinacPR Representative for Kalraymk@mkmarinac.comPhone +1 978-685-3136ACTUS Finance & CommunicationSerena BONIsboni@actus.frPhone +33 4 72 18 04 92This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yWlrYJ1tk2bKmm9rlJpql2SUaWyUxWnImGOXlWFvZpmbmWmWm5xna5adZnFml2Zo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85212-pr_kalray_arm_en_final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['ACCELERATED AI PROCESSING', 'TOTAL DESIGN', 'Kalray', 'ARM', 'COLLABORATION', 'French CEA research lab', 'top three leading foundries', 'Arm Coherent Mesh Network', 'PRESS CONTACTS Penta STANLEY', 'leading data acceleration platform', 'Arm Total Design ecosystem', 'data processing acceleration solution', 'Arm® Neoverse™ Compute Subsystems', 'innovative AI processing solutions', 'original press release', 'ASIC design houses', 'efficient data processing', 'data processing cards', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'EDA tool providers', 'numerous use cases', 'comprehensive product range', 'specific data formats', 'Mary Kae Marinac', 'Serena BONI sboni', 'next press releases', 'latest Arm technologies', 'data acceleration capabilities', 'data intensive workflows', 'data processing capabilities', 'data acceleration technology', 'Eric BAISSUS contactinvestisseurs', 'Arm Neoverse CSS', 'Arm Neoverse technology', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Arm ecosystem partners', 'custom silicon solutions', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'leading provider', 'data-processing solution', 'data center', 'AI acceleration', 'INVESTOR CONTACTS', 'AI-based solutions', 'data-intensive workflows', 'other releases', 'compute power', 'CMN) technology', 'technology players', 'DPU technology', 'technology innovator', 'next-generation chips', 'software solutions', 'deeper connection', 'unprecedented demand', 'driving force', 'Eddie Ramirez', 'vice president', 'Infrastructure Line', 'profound changes', 'insatiable demand', 'hardware solutions', 'High-Performance Computing', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'capacity needs', 'data-intensive tasks', 'financial backing', 'notable investors', 'Alliance Venture', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'Pauline PETUREAUX', 'PR Representative', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'unique AI', 'advanced AI', 'AI workloads', 'Kalray solutions', 'industry leaders', 'semi-conductor industry', 'IP vendors', 'firmware developers', 'leading-edge innovation', 'ACTUS Finance', 'Kalray CEO', 'Kalray mk', '20 partners', 'forces', 'companies', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'ALKAL', 'Cloud', 'collaboration', 'fraction', 'time', 'cost', 'delivery', 'member', 'access', 'adopters', 'rollout', 'industries', 'proliferation', 'flexibility', 'momentum', 'market', 'Business', 'expertise', 'efficiency', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'ngenea', 'storage', 'customers', 'infrastructures', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'excellence', 'value', 'planet', 'kalrayinc', 'Phone', 'Communication', 'mkmarinac', 'publication', 'yWlrYJ1tk2bKmm9rlJpql2SUaWyUxWnImGOXlWFvZpmbmWmWm5xna5adZnFml2Zo', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '2024']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46509946/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8695 £ 24.9583 Estimated MTD return 1.15 % 1.25 % Estimated YTD return 1.17 % 1.58 % Estimated ITD return 178.69 % 149.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.71 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.86 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.0492 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.8580The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868277/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8695 £ 24.9583 Estimated MTD return 1.15 % 1.25 % Estimated YTD return 1.17 % 1.58 % Estimated ITD return 178.69 % 149.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.71 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.86 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.0492 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.8580The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/ipsen-delivers-strong-sales-in-the-first-quarter-of-2024-driven-by-growth-platforms--new-medicines-and-confirms-its-fullyear-guidance-93CH-3392658,Ipsen delivers strong sales in the first quarter of 2024  driven by growth platforms & new medicines  and confirms its full-year guidance By Investing.com,Ipsen delivers strong sales in the first quarter of 2024  driven by growth platforms & new medicines  and confirms its full-year guidance,PARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2024 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents its sales for the first quarter of 2024.¯ ¯ Q1 2024¯ Q1 2023¯ % change¯ €m¯ €m¯ Actual CER1 Growth platforms2 509.7 452.0 12.8% 16.2% New medicines3 45.5 14.3 n/a n/a Somatuline ® 257.8 263.2 -2.0% -1.3% Other 9.5 12.4 -23.8% -20.5% Total Sales 822.4 741.9 10.9% 13.3%HighlightsTotal-sales growth of 13.3% at CER1  or 10.9% as reported  driven by the 16.2%1 increase in sales of the growth platforms2 and the increased contributions from new medicines  while Somatuline sales declined by only 1.3%1Regulatory approval and launch of Onivyde in the U.S. as a first-line treatment for metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (mPDAC)Confirmation of financial guidance for 2024An excellent first-quarter performance has laid a solid foundation for Ipsen's growth in 2024  commented David Loew  Chief Executive Officer  Ipsen. The delivery of our strategic plan continues to be evidenced by a strong top line  supported by the success of the growth platforms and the increased contribution of the new medicines. Moreover  the pipeline continues to deliver  illustrated this quarter by the regulatory approval in the U.S. of Onivyde as a first-line treatment for pancreatic cancer.This year marks a pivotal period for our growth plans  with the launches of four new medicines or indications. Our focus remains on the performance of our portfolio and the expansion of our pipeline  and a well-defined strategy for sustainable growth centred on enhancing the lives and medical outcomes of patients.Full-year 2024 guidanceIpsen has confirmed its financial guidance for 2024  which excludes the impact of any potential additional late-stage4 external-innovation opportunities:here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorTotal-sales growth greater than 6.0%  at constant currency. Based on the average level of exchange rates in March 2024  an adverse impact on total sales of around 1% from currencies is expectedCore operating margin around 30% of total sales  which includes additional R&D expenses from anticipated early and mid-stage external-innovation opportunitiesGuidance on total sales incorporates expectations for Somatuline of further generic-lanreotide products in the U.S and E.U.Business updateIn February 2024  Ipsen announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had approved the supplemental new drug application for Onivyde plus oxaliplatin  fluorouracil and leucovorin (NALIRIFOX) as a first-line treatment for adults living with mPDAC. This was the second approval for an Onivyde regimen in mPDAC  after the FDA's approval in 2015 of Onivyde plus fluorouracil and leucovorin  following disease progression with gemcitabine-based therapy. In conjunction with the approval in the U.S. of Onivyde as a first-line treatment in adults living with mPDAC  Orphan Drug Exclusivity was awarded and regulatory exclusivity was extended to 2031  driven by the automatic seven-year exclusivity period upon approval.In April 2024  Ipsen announced an exclusive global licensing agreement for STRO-003  an antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) targeting the ROR1 tumor antigen. STRO-003 is in the final stages of pre-clinical development. The agreement gives Ipsen exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize STRO-003 and is the first ADC candidate to join Ipsen's expanding pipeline.Ipsen and Skyhawk Therapeutics announced  in April 2024  the signing of an exclusive worldwide collaboration to discover and develop novel small molecules that modulate RNA for rare neurological diseases. The agreement includes an option pursuant to which Ipsen would acquire an exclusive licence for the worldwide rights to develop successful development candidates.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorOnivyde litigationIn March 2024  Ipsen received a Paragraph IV notice letter regarding a 505(b)(2) submission to the U.S. FDA by Conjupro Biotherapeutics  Inc. (Conjupro)  requesting approval to market an irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection for the treatment of patients with mPDAC  following gemcitabine-based therapy. The letter challenges various patents that protect Onivyde and its use. In response  Ipsen filed in April 2024 a patent infringement lawsuit against Conjupro and certain related corporate entities in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey and will fully defend its rights as its patent portfolio includes U.S. patent protection for the liposome composition to expire in 2027  with additional patents covering the formulation and approved use in the treatment of patients with mPDAC following gemcitabine-based therapy having expiration dates up to 2033  with additional protection on the first-line use until 2036.Conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and analysts will begin today at 1pm CET. Participants can access the call and its details by registering here; webcast details can be found here.CalendarIpsen intends to publish its half-year and second-quarter results on 25 July 2024.NotesAll financial figures are in € millions ( €m). The performance shown in this announcement covers the three-month period to 31 March 2024 (Q1 2024  the quarter)  compared to the three-month period to 31 March 2023 (Q1 2023).About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. Our pipeline is fuelled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorIpsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsCraig Marks +44 (0)7584 349 193Nicolas Bogler +33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy Wolf +41 79 576 07 23Ioana Piscociu +33 6 69 09 12 96Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen's management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen's future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ˜believes'  ˜anticipates' and ˜expects' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen's expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen's patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen's activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen's partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen's business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen's business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen's latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureor1 At constant exchange rates (CER)  which exclude any foreign-exchange impact by recalculating the performance for the relevant period by applying the exchange rates used for the prior period.2 Dysport ® (abobotulinumtoxinA)  Decapeptyl ® (triptorelin)  Cabometyx ® (cabozantinib) and Onivyde ® (irinotecan).3 Bylvay ® (odevixibat)  Tazverik ® (tazemetostat) and Sohonos ® (palovarotene).4 Phase III clinical development or later.Attachment,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.21,0.43,True,English,"['strong sales', 'first quarter', 'growth platforms', 'new medicines', 'full-year guidance', 'Investing.com', 'Ipsen', 'potential additional late-stage4 external-innovation opportunities', 'global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company', 'additional R&D expenses', 'metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma', 'irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection', 'Paragraph IV notice letter', 'automatic seven-year exclusivity period', 'supplemental new drug application', 'Actual CER1 Growth platforms2', 'exclusive global licensing agreement', 'U.S. District Court', 'U.S. patent protection', 'mid-stage external-innovation opportunities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong top line', '3rd party Ad.', 'Core operating margin', 'Orphan Drug Exclusivity', 'ROR1 tumor antigen', 'novel small molecules', 'rare neurological diseases', 'patent infringement lawsuit', 'related corporate entities', 'exclusive worldwide collaboration', 'successful development candidates', 'U.S. Food', 'excellent first-quarter performance', 'four new medicines', 'exclusive worldwide rights', 'first ADC candidate', 'U.S. FDA', 'additional protection', 'additional patents', 'pancreatic cancer', 'pivotal period', 'Drug Administration', 'regulatory exclusivity', 'exclusive licence', 'liposome composition', 'E.U.', 'first quarter', 'New medicines3', 'pre-clinical development', 'New Jersey', 'patent portfolio', 'Total-sales growth', 'growth plans', 'sustainable growth', 'solid foundation', 'David Loew', 'strategic plan', 'medical outcomes', 'Investing.com', 'constant currency', 'average level', 'exchange rates', 'generic-lanreotide products', 'Business update', 'disease progression', 'gemcitabine-based therapy', 'antibody-drug conjugate', 'final stages', 'Skyhawk Therapeutics', '505(b)(2) submission', 'various patents', 'expiration dates', 'financial guidance', 'Full-year 2024 guidance', 'Total Sales', 'first-line treatment', 'Conference call', 'adverse impact', 'Regulatory approval', 'second approval', 'expanding pipeline', 'Conjupro Biotherapeutics', 'first-line use', 'Onivyde regimen', 'Onivyde litigation', 'Somatuline sales', 'Somatuline ®', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '24 April', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Q1', 'Highlights', '16.2%1 increase', 'contributions', 'launch', 'mPDAC', 'Confirmation', 'delivery', 'indications', 'focus', 'expansion', 'strategy', 'lives', 'patients', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'March', 'currencies', 'early', 'expectations', 'February', 'oxaliplatin', 'fluorouracil', 'leucovorin', 'NALIRIFOX', 'adults', 'conjunction', 'STRO-003', 'signing', 'option', 'response', 'formulation', 'webcast', 'investors', 'analysts', '1pm', 'Participants', 'details', '1.', '6.0']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,investing.com
39866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ADOCIA-9894600/news/ADOCIA-Announces-Full-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Provides-a-Corporate-and-Financial-Update-46518767/,ADOCIA Announces Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Provides a Corporate and Financial Update,(marketscreener.com) Cash of €13.0m as of December 31  2023   including:The signing of an exclusivity agreement with Sanofi on M1Pram and payment of €10mThe July 2023 €10m financing operationThe contract termination with IPF Partners  resulting i…,"Cash of €13.0m (million) as of December 31  2023 (€17.4m as of December 31  2022)  including: The signing of an exclusivity agreement with Sanofi on M1Pram and payment of €10m The July 2023 €10m financing operation The contract termination with IPF Partners  resulting in the repayment of all IPF debt (€10.2m) and the receipt of €2.5m from the exercise of its warrants Cash position subsequently bolstered by March 2024 financing operation  consisting of a €2m private placement and a financing line with Vester Finance. The full utilization of the latter could extend the cash runway to Q3 2025 Advances with our flagship products and interest from potential partners: Continuation of partnership discussions with Sanofi on M1Pram and preparation for phase 2b study in the United States Preparation of the first clinical study and partnership discussions on AdoShell® technology Progress of the BioChaperone® Lispro phase 3 program and discussions between the Chinese regulatory authorities and partner Tonghua Dongbao on the next clinical steps for BioChaperone® Combo in ChinaRegulatory News:Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC) (Paris:ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and obesity  announces today its annual financial results as of December 31  2023. The consolidated financial statements contained herein were approved by Adocia’s board of directors on April 23  2024. These statements will be presented to shareholders for approval at the next annual general meeting on June 13  2024.Valérie Danaguezian  Adocia Chief Financial Officer  said: ""In fiscal year 2023  the company succeeded in improving its financial situation by reducing drastically its indebtedness  and the transaction with Vester Finance in March 2024 should enable us to extend our cash runway to the third quarter of 2025.""""We are in an excellent position to create value for our shareholders  with a mature partnership in China expected to generate substantial revenues  negotiations underway with a world-leading pharmaceutical company  and great interest expressed in our cell therapy technology "" added Olivier Soula  Chief Executive Officer. “With our new financial position  we can accelerate product development and conclude partnerships.""Financial highlightsThe following table summarizes the financial statements under IFRS for the year ended December 31  2023 with a comparison to the year ended December 31  2022:In (€) thousands  Consolidated financial statements FY 2023(12 months) FY 2022(12 months) Revenue 2 150 11 447 Grants  Research tax credit  others 3 899 5 914 Operating revenue 6 048 17 361 Research and development expenses (14 813) (25 898) General and administrative expenses (5 479) (4 359) Operating expenses (20 293) (30 257) OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (14 244) (12 896) Other operating revenue and expenses 0 11 199 OPERATING INCOME (14 244) (1 698) FINANCIAL INCOME (LOSS) (6 916) (4 727) Tax (2) (476) NET INCOME (LOSS) (21 162) (6 901)The Company's results for 2023 are characterized by:A net loss of €21.2m (million) in 2023  compared with a loss of €6.9m in 2022  mainly due to:- Revenue of €2.2m in 2023 (compared with €11.4m in 2022)  including €1.5m from activities with Tonghua Dongbao (THDB) on BioChaperone® (BC) Combo and €0.6m from a feasibility study on the AdOral® project.By way of comparison  2022 sales of €11.4m included (i) services performed for THDB on BC Combo  and (ii) a €4.8m milestone payment received in May 2022 on recruitment and dosing of the first patient in THDB's phase 3 BC Lispro program in China.- Other operating income of €3.9m  comprising (i) the Research Tax Credit (CIR) of €3.4m generated on expenses for the 2023 financial year  down from the 2022 CIR (€5.9m) reflecting the drop in eligible operating expenses  and (ii) the €0.5m Bpifrance grant accounted for as income  following the recognition of the technical and commercial failure of an Insulin project dating back to 2012.- Operating expenses of €20.3m  a reduction of €10m compared with 2022. This reflects lower R&D expenses  partly offset by higher overheads.The €11m decrease in research and development expenses is mainly due to lower clinical expenditures. In 2022  this item was impacted by expenses related to the three clinical trials  which ended in 2023  carried out as part of the partnership with THDB on BC Combo. The year 2023 was also marked by a close monitoring of headcounts and expenses in a tight financial context.The €1.1m increase in overheads compared with 2022 is mainly due to legal and consulting expenses incurred in connection with (i) the restructuring of IPF Partners debt  and to a lesser extent  (ii) the financing transactions carried out.- Negative financial income of €6.9m is mainly due to (i) interest paid on the state guaranteed loan (PGE) and on the loan taken out with IPF Partners through its repayment in July 2023 for €0.8m  and (ii) changes in fair value of convertible bonds and IPF warrants  which had no impact on cash.- The net loss for 2023 of €21.2m declined versus 2022 (loss of €6.9m). This decrease is mainly due to the positive effect in 2022 of the sale-leaseback transaction on the head office  which generated income of €11.2m.- For the record  a non-current operating income of €11.2m was recognized in 2022 following the sale-leaseback of the head office in March 2022. This transaction resulted in a net cash inflow of €18.9m and generated a book gain of €16.6m. This has been restated in accordance with IFRS16  and only the portion constituting the rights transferred to the purchaser-lessor appears under other non-current operating income.A cash position of €13.0m as of December 31  2023 (compared with €17.4m as of December 31  2022).The cash position at year-end 2023 reflects the following main receipts and disbursements  mainly in the second half of 2023:- Payment in July 2023 by Sanofi of €10m related to the M1Pram exclusivity agreement;- €10m financing package consisting of a €5m private placement and a €5m convertible bond issue. All the convertible bonds issued by the Company were converted at the end of September 2023  and Vester Finance declared that it had exceeded the threshold of 10% of the Company's capital  thus positioning itself as a significant shareholder in the Company;- Repayment of €10.2m debt to IPF Partners;- Receipt of €2.5m from the exercise of all IPF Partners' warrants.Cash used in operating activities for 2023 was €14.9m  lower than last year (€19.5m)  on a comparable basis (excluding financing operations).Debt (excluding IFRS16 impacts and derivatives) of €5.7m as of December 31  2023  compared with €24.1m as of December 31  2022  representing a net decrease of €18.4m.This significant reduction is mainly due to (i) the repayment of the IPF Partners loan in full  (ii) the conversion of all convertible bonds into shares issued (-€6.8m compared with December 31  2022) (iii) the payment of maturities linked to the PGE (State Guaranteed Loan for -€0.8m) and (iv) the advance of €0.5m from Bpifrance on the HinsBet® program initiated in 2012 and subsequently discontinued.Cash runway and outlookAs of December 31  2023  the company had cash and cash equivalents of €13.0m  enabling it to finance its current operations until July 2024  excluding any income from existing or future partnerships.On March 21  2024  the Company raised €2m in capital and set up an equity financing line (PACEO) with Vester Finance for up to 1 700 000 shares.With a €3m cash injection received on the signing of this transaction  the company's cash runway has been extended to November 2024  and to Q3 2025 assuming use of the entire PACEO based on the share price at the time of its implementation.In addition  Adocia is still in exclusive negotiations with Sanofi for a global partnership on M1Pram  and is expecting two milestone payments of $10m each in the second half of 2024  linked to progress on the BioChaperone® Lispro and BioChaperone® Combo projects in partnership with Tonghua Dongbao.Lastly  the Company still considers accessing the financial markets to finance its research.Highlights of the year 2023Product pipelineThe year 2023 was marked by progress with our flagship products  notably M1Pram and AdoShell® Islets  which attracted the interest of potential partners with a view to establishing licensing agreements. At the same time  Adocia continued to support its partner Tonghua Dongbao in the development of BioChaperone® Combo and BioChaperone® Lispro. Finally  Adocia established in vivo proofs of concept for its AdOral® and its AdoGel® technology platforms. Adocia is seeking partnerships for these technology platforms.Major clinical advances and the deployment of technological platformsM1Pram: towards a global partnership to meet a major unmet medical needThis fixed combination of insulin analogues and amylin is intended to provide a solution to the problem of obesity in people with type 1 diabetes or insulin-dependent type 2 diabetes. In the United States  65%1 of type 1 diabetic patients are overweight or obese  representing more than one million people. Also in the United States  85% of type 2 diabetics are overweight or obese2 of whom 5% are insulin-dependent  also more than one million people.On July 5  2023  Sanofi and Adocia signed an agreement granting Sanofi exclusive rights to negotiate a worldwide partnership for M1Pram (and other insulin-pramlintide combinations developed by Adocia). Sanofi paid Adocia €10m for the acquisition of this right.On the clinical development front  the M1Pram Medical Advisory Board met in December 2023 to finalize the protocol for a forthcoming phase 2b study. This clinical program  involving 140 patients with type 1 diabetes and a BMI>30kg/m²  is currently being prepared in the United States. Manufacturing of clinical batches is underway  to ensure the launch of the phase 2b study in the third quarter of 2024.AdoShell® Islets: a strategic priorityIn 2023  new data on AdoShell® Islets  an immunoprotective biomaterial containing islets for the treatment of diabetes by cell therapy  were communicated at the prestigious CTRMS international congresses of ADA  EASD and IPITA-IXA. The data support AdoShell® Islets as a biocompatible immunoprotective material for islet transplantation  without immunosuppression. In vivo  in diabetic mouse models  the survival of encapsulated islets is maintained after a seven-month study without immunosuppression  and efficacy has been established with the ability to control hyperglycemia. Designed to be implanted via minimally invasive surgery  AdoShell® Islets has demonstrated exceptional biocompatibility.Adocia is actively working on the preparation of a first clinical trial. Adocia is preparing interactions with regulatory authorities to validate the proposed development plan. AdoShell® Islets could then be clinically tested as early as 2025.Discussions are underway to establish a partnership for the technology.BioChaperone® Combo: three positive clinical studiesPositive results from three clinical studies conducted on BioChaperone® Combo (CT046 - 47 and 48) were announced in 2023. Conducted by Adocia in Germany  these studies were fully funded by Tonghua Dongbao  to whom BC Combo was licensed in 2018. Conducted on people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes  and on healthy Chinese volunteers  the studies demonstrated the efficacy of BioChaperone® Combo combined with a good safety and tolerability profile.The various clinical studies conducted confirm the potential of BioChaperone® Combo to reduce postprandial hyperglycemia and the risk of hypoglycemia compared with the reference premix insulin Humalog® Mix  while ensuring basal control over 24 hours. The data generated support the objective of effective dosing in one or two doses per day. The overall evaluation showed that BioChaperone® Combo has a good benefit/risk ratio  supporting its clinical development in the next phase.Tonghua Dongbao is currently discussing the next development steps with the Chinese regulatory authorities. Treatment of the first BC Combo phase 3 patient  expected in 2024  will trigger a $10m milestone payment (out of a maximum $50m in milestone payments  followed by royalties on future sales).BioChaperone® Lispro: phase 3 progresses in ChinaThe extensive phase 3 program for BioChaperone® Lispro initiated in 2022 is currently underway. Led by partner Tonghua Dongbao  the program involves 1 300 people with type 1 or type 2 diabetes in over 100 clinical research centers in China. The last patient last visit (LPLV) scheduled for the second half of 2024 will trigger a $10m payment. The contract provides for a maximum amount of $30m  contingent on the achievement of future development milestones through to product registration. Double-digit royalty payments on future sales of Tonghua Dongbao are also planned.Preparatory work for phase 3 trials in the United States and Europe has been completed  with positive opinions received from the FDA and EMA. The company is continuing its search for partners to initiate the pivotal program until it obtains marketing authorization for these territories  and to ensure its commercialization.New proprietary technology platforms to improve peptide deliveryAdOral®: oral delivery of peptides to replace injectionsAdocia has developed an oral peptide delivery technology  making it possible to switch from injectable to oral forms. In addition to improving patients' quality of life and compliance  oral forms of peptides may be of interest in terms of product lifecycle management  avoiding the difficulties associated with large-scale production of sterile injectables. An initial application to semaglutide  a GLP-1 receptor agonist used in the treatment of diabetes and obesity  has validated this technology in preclinical studies  demonstrating significantly improved bioavailability compared with Rybelsus  the marketed oral form of semaglutide.The AdOral® technology is currently being studied on peptides from two pharmaceutical partners  and discussions are underway to determine the next steps in these collaborations.AdoGel®: long-acting peptide delivery to reduce the number of injectionsAdoGel® has been designed to enable long-term delivery of GLP-1  to reduce the number of annual administrations from 52 to 12  and to reduce the production of auto-injectors. Designed for monthly release  AdoGel® Sema avoids an initial concentration peak and ensures semaglutide release with a pseudo-zero order profile in animals.Changes in governanceIn May 2023  Adocia announced the appointment of Olivier Soula as Chief Executive Officer  by decision of the Board of Directors which met on May 11  2023 in Paris. Olivier Soula succeeds Gérard Soula  who was reappointed Chairman of the Board of Directors.Post-period eventsIn March 2024  the company announced that it had raised €2m from its two main shareholders and a member of its management team and had signed an equity financing line with Vester Finance representing up to 12% of its capital. The details of this operation are described in our press release of March 21  20243.2024 Milestones- BioChaperone® Lispro: end of phase 3 in China expected in the second half.- BioChaperone® Combo: Start of the next clinical trials currently under discussion between Tonghua Dongbao and the Chinese regulatory authorities.- M1Pram: start of phase 2b in the U.S.A.  in people with type 1 diabetes and a BMI >30kg/m²  scheduled for the third quarter.- AdoShell® Islets: preparation of regulatory interactions for first-in-human study.- Continued deployment of the AdoGel® and AdOral® technology platforms.About AdociaAdocia is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery and development of therapeutic solutions in the field of metabolic diseases  primarily diabetes and obesity.The company has a broad portfolio of drug candidates based on four proprietary technology platforms: 1) The BioChaperone® technology for the development of new generation insulins and products combining insulins with other classes of hormones; 2) AdOral®  an oral peptide delivery technology; 3) AdoShell®  an immunoprotective biomaterial for cell transplantation  with an initial application in pancreatic cells transplantation; and 4) AdoGel®  a long-acting drug delivery platform.Adocia holds more than 25 patent families. Based in Lyon  the company has about 80 employees. Adocia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext™ Paris (Euronext: ADOC; ISIN: FR0011184241).DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Adocia and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Adocia considers as being reasonable. However  there can be no guarantee that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved  as such estimates are subject to numerous risks including those which are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document that was filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on April 26  2023 updated by the amendment of 26 July 2023 (D.23-0346-A01) and amendment of 13 September 2023 (D.23-0346-A02)  available at www.adocia.com  in particular uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data  analyses  and the evolution of the economic context  the financial markets and the markets in which Adocia operates  which could impact the Company's short-term financing requirements and its ability to raise additional funds.The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Adocia or not considered as material by Adocia as of this day. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause that actual results  financial conditions  performances  or achievements of Adocia be materially different from those mentioned in the forward-looking statements__________________1 Conway B  Miller RG  Costacou T  Fried L  Kelsey S  Evans RW  Orchard TJ. Temporal patterns in overweight and obesity in Type 1 diabetes. Diabet Med. 2010. Apr;27(4):398-404. doi: 10.1111/j.1464-5491.2010.02956.x. PMID: 20536510; PMCID: PMC3129711.2 Epidemiology of Obesity and Diabetes and Their Cardiovascular Complications3 Press Release  March 21  2024  https://www.adocia.com/composants/uploads/2024/03/ADOCIA-PR-March-2024-Financing.pdfView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424648443/en/",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.26,0.5,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Financial Update', 'ADOCIA', 'Corporate', 'phase 3 BC Lispro program', 'BioChaperone® Lispro phase 3 program', 'next annual general meeting', 'lower R&D expenses', 'Adocia Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next clinical steps', 'lower clinical expenditures', 'phase 2b study', '€2m private placement', 'AdoShell® technology Progress', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'Valérie Danaguezian', 'cell therapy technology', '€0.5m Bpifrance grant', 'three clinical trials', 'tight financial context', 'Chinese regulatory authorities', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'world-leading pharmaceutical company', 'first clinical study', 'annual financial results', 'new financial position', '€4.8m milestone payment', 'state guaranteed loan', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Negative financial income', 'Other operating income', 'eligible operating expenses', 'Other operating revenue', 'IPF Partners debt', 'March 2024 financing operation', 'Research Tax Credit', 'IPF debt', 'financial situation', 'Financial highlights', 'feasibility study', 'Regulatory News', 'BC) Combo', 'BC Combo', 'first patient', 'BioChaperone® Combo', 'excellent position', 'financing line', 'potential partners', 'The Company', 'financing transactions', 'NET INCOME', 'Cash position', '2023 financial year', 'exclusivity agreement', 'contract termination', 'Vester Finance', 'full utilization', 'Q3 2025 Advances', 'flagship products', 'United States', 'Tonghua Dongbao', 'third quarter', 'substantial revenues', 'Olivier Soula', 'following table', 'AdOral® project', 'commercial failure', 'Insulin project', '€11m decrease', 'close monitoring', '€1.1m increase', 'lesser extent', 'convertible bonds', 'administrative expenses', 'consulting expenses', 'cash runway', 'mature partnership', 'product development', 'IPF warrants', 'development expenses', 'Euronext Paris', 'higher overheads', 'fair value', 'partnership discussions', 'fiscal year', 'great interest', 'net loss', 'December', 'signing', 'Sanofi', 'M1Pram', 'July', 'repayment', 'receipt', 'exercise', 'Continuation', 'preparation', 'China', 'treatment', 'diabetes', 'obesity', 'board', 'directors', 'April', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'June', 'indebtedness', 'negotiations', 'partnerships', 'IFRS', 'comparison', 'thousands', 'FY', 'Grants', 'others', 'activities', 'THDB', '2022 sales', 'services', 'May', 'recruitment', 'dosing', 'CIR', 'drop', 'recognition', 'technical', 'reduction', 'item', 'headcounts', 'legal', 'connection', 'restructuring', 'PGE', 'changes']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/adocia-announces-full-year-2023-financial-results-and-provides-a-corporate-and-financial-update-93CH-3394767,ADOCIA Announces Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Provides a Corporate and Financial Update By Investing.com,ADOCIA Announces Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Provides a Corporate and Financial Update,"Cash of €13.0m (million) as of December 31  2023 ( €17.4m as of December 31  2022)  including: The signing of an exclusivity agreement with Sanofi (NASDAQ: ) on M1Pram and payment of €10m The July 2023 €10m financing operation The contract termination with IPF Partners  resulting in the repayment of all IPF debt ( €10.2m) and the receipt of €2.5m from the exercise of its warrantsCash position subsequently bolstered by March 2024 financing operation  consisting of a €2m private placement and a financing line with Vester Finance. The full utilization of the latter could extend the cash runway to Q3 2025Advances with our flagship products and interest from potential partners: Continuation of partnership discussions with Sanofi on M1Pram and preparation for phase 2b study in the United States Preparation of the first clinical study and partnership discussions on AdoShell ® technology Progress of the BioChaperone ® Lispro phase 3 program and discussions between the Chinese regulatory authorities and partner Tonghua Dongbao on the next clinical steps for BioChaperone ® Combo in ChinaLYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 “ ADOC) (Paris:ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and obesity  announces today its annual financial results as of December 31  2023. The consolidated financial statements contained herein were approved by Adocia's board of directors on April 23  2024. These statements will be presented to shareholders for approval at the next annual general meeting on June 13  2024.ValÃ©rie Danaguezian  Adocia Chief Financial Officer  said: ""In fiscal year 2023  the company succeeded in improving its financial situation by reducing drastically its indebtedness  and the transaction with Vester Finance in March 2024 should enable us to extend our cash runway to the third quarter of 2025.""here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureor""We are in an excellent position to create value for our shareholders  with a mature partnership in China expected to generate substantial revenues  negotiations underway with a world-leading pharmaceutical company  and great interest expressed in our cell therapy technology "" added Olivier Soula  Chief Executive Officer. With our new financial position  we can accelerate product development and conclude partnerships.""Financial highlightsThe following table summarizes the financial statements under IFRS for the year ended December 31  2023 with a comparison to the year ended December 31  2022:In ( €) thousands  Consolidated financial statements FY 2023(12 months) FY 2022(12 months) Revenue 2 150 11 447 Grants  Research tax credit  others 3 899 5 914 Operating revenue 6 048 17 361 Research and development expenses (14 813) (25 898) General and administrative expenses (5 479) (4 359) Operating expenses (20 293) (30 257) OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (14 244) (12 896) Other operating revenue and expenses 0 11 199 OPERATING INCOME (14 244) (1 698) FINANCIAL INCOME (LOSS) (6 916) (4 727) Tax (2) (476) NET INCOME (LOSS) (21 162) (6 901)The Company's results for 2023 are characterized by:A net loss of €21.2m (million) in 2023  compared with a loss of €6.9m in 2022  mainly due to:Revenue of €2.2m in 2023 (compared with €11.4m in 2022)  including €1.5m from activities with Tonghua Dongbao (THDB) on BioChaperone ® (BC) Combo and €0.6m from a feasibility study on the AdOral ® project.By way of comparison  2022 sales of €11.4m included (i) services performed for THDB on BC Combo  and (ii) a €4.8m milestone payment received in May 2022 on recruitment and dosing of the first patient in THDB's phase 3 BC Lispro program in China.Other operating income of €3.9m  comprising (i) the Research Tax Credit (CIR) of €3.4m generated on expenses for the 2023 financial year  down from the 2022 CIR ( €5.9m) reflecting the drop in eligible operating expenses  and (ii) the €0.5m Bpifrance grant accounted for as income  following the recognition of the technical and commercial failure of an Insulin project dating back to 2012.of €3.9m  comprising (i) the Research Tax Credit (CIR) of €3.4m generated on expenses for the 2023 financial year  down from the 2022 CIR ( €5.9m) reflecting the drop in eligible operating expenses  and (ii) the €0.5m Bpifrance grant accounted for as income  following the recognition of the technical and commercial failure of an Insulin project dating back to 2012. Operating expenses of €20.3m  a reduction of €10m compared with 2022. This reflects lower R&D expenses  partly offset by higher overheads.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThe €11m decrease in research and development expenses is mainly due to lower clinical expenditures. In 2022  this item was impacted by expenses related to the three clinical trials  which ended in 2023  carried out as part of the partnership with THDB on BC Combo. The year 2023 was also marked by a close monitoring of headcounts and expenses in a tight financial context.The €1.1m increase in overheads compared with 2022 is mainly due to legal and consulting expenses incurred in connection with (i) the restructuring of IPF Partners debt  and to a lesser extent  (ii) the financing transactions carried out.Negative financial income of €6.9m is mainly due to (i) interest paid on the state guaranteed loan (PGE) and on the loan taken out with IPF Partners through its repayment in July 2023 for €0.8m  and (ii) changes in fair value of convertible bonds and IPF warrants  which had no impact on cash.of €6.9m is mainly due to (i) interest paid on the state guaranteed loan (PGE) and on the loan taken out with IPF Partners through its repayment in July 2023 for €0.8m  and (ii) changes in fair value of convertible bonds and IPF warrants  which had no impact on cash. The net loss for 2023 of €21.2m declined versus 2022 (loss of €6.9m). This decrease is mainly due to the positive effect in 2022 of the sale-leaseback transaction on the head office  which generated income of €11.2m.for 2023 of €21.2m declined versus 2022 (loss of €6.9m). This decrease is mainly due to the positive effect in 2022 of the sale-leaseback transaction on the head office  which generated income of €11.2m. For the record  a non-current operating income of €11.2m was recognized in 2022 following the sale-leaseback of the head office in March 2022. This transaction resulted in a net cash inflow of €18.9m and generated a book gain of €16.6m. This has been restated in accordance with IFRS16  and only the portion constituting the rights transferred to the purchaser-lessor appears under other non-current operating income.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorA cash position of €13.0m as of December 31  2023 (compared with €17.4m as of December 31  2022).The cash position at year-end 2023 reflects the following main receipts and disbursements  mainly in the second half of 2023:Payment in July 2023 by Sanofi of €10m related to the M1Pram exclusivity agreement;€10m financing package consisting of a €5m private placement and a €5m convertible bond issue. All the convertible bonds issued by the Company were converted at the end of September 2023  and Vester Finance declared that it had exceeded the threshold of 10% of the Company's capital  thus positioning itself as a significant shareholder in the Company;Repayment of €10.2m debt to IPF Partners;Receipt of €2.5m from the exercise of all IPF Partners' warrants.Cash used in operating activities for 2023 was €14.9m  lower than last year ( €19.5m)  on a comparable basis (excluding financing operations).Debt (excluding IFRS16 impacts and derivatives) of €5.7m as of December 31  2023  compared with €24.1m as of December 31  2022  representing a net decrease of €18.4m.This significant reduction is mainly due to (i) the repayment of the IPF Partners loan in full  (ii) the conversion of all convertible bonds into shares issued (- €6.8m compared with December 31  2022) (iii) the payment of maturities linked to the PGE (State Guaranteed Loan for - €0.8m) and (iv) the advance of €0.5m from Bpifrance on the HinsBet ® program initiated in 2012 and subsequently discontinued.Cash runway and outlookAs of December 31  2023  the company had cash and cash equivalents of €13.0m  enabling it to finance its current operations until July 2024  excluding any income from existing or future partnerships.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorOn March 21  2024  the Company raised €2m in capital and set up an equity financing line (PACEO) with Vester Finance for up to 1 700 000 shares.With a €3m cash injection received on the signing of this transaction  the company's cash runway has been extended to November 2024  and to Q3 2025 assuming use of the entire PACEO based on the share price at the time of its implementation.In addition  Adocia is still in exclusive negotiations with Sanofi for a global partnership on M1Pram  and is expecting two milestone payments of $10m each in the second half of 2024  linked to progress on the BioChaperone ® Lispro and BioChaperone ® Combo projects in partnership with Tonghua Dongbao.Lastly  the Company still considers accessing the financial markets to finance its research.Highlights of the year 2023Product pipelineThe year 2023 was marked by progress with our flagship products  notably M1Pram and AdoShell ® Islets  which attracted the interest of potential partners with a view to establishing licensing agreements. At the same time  Adocia continued to support its partner Tonghua Dongbao in the development of BioChaperone ® Combo and BioChaperone ® Lispro. Finally  Adocia established in vivo proofs of concept for its AdOral ® and its AdoGel ® technology platforms. Adocia is seeking partnerships for these technology platforms.Major clinical advances and the deployment of technological platformsM1Pram: towards a global partnership to meet a major unmet medical needThis fixed combination of insulin analogues and amylin is intended to provide a solution to the problem of obesity in people with type 1 diabetes or insulin-dependent type 2 diabetes. In the United States  65%1 of type 1 diabetic patients are overweight or obese  representing more than one million people. Also in the United States  85% of type 2 diabetics are overweight or obese2 of whom 5% are insulin-dependent  also more than one million people.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorOn July 5  2023  Sanofi and Adocia signed an agreement granting Sanofi exclusive rights to negotiate a worldwide partnership for M1Pram (and other insulin-pramlintide combinations developed by Adocia). Sanofi paid Adocia €10m for the acquisition of this right.On the clinical development front  the M1Pram Medical Advisory Board met in December 2023 to finalize the protocol for a forthcoming phase 2b study. This clinical program  involving 140 patients with type 1 diabetes and a BMI>30kg/m ²  is currently being prepared in the United States. Manufacturing of clinical batches is underway  to ensure the launch of the phase 2b study in the third quarter of 2024.AdoShell ® Islets: a strategic priorityIn 2023  new data on AdoShell ® Islets  an immunoprotective biomaterial containing islets for the treatment of diabetes by cell therapy  were communicated at the prestigious CTRMS international congresses of ADA  EASD and IPITA-IXA. The data support AdoShell ® Islets as a biocompatible immunoprotective material for islet transplantation  without immunosuppression. In vivo  in diabetic mouse models  the survival of encapsulated islets is maintained after a seven-month study without immunosuppression  and efficacy has been established with the ability to control hyperglycemia. Designed to be implanted via minimally invasive surgery  AdoShell ® Islets has demonstrated exceptional biocompatibility.Adocia is actively working on the preparation of a first clinical trial. Adocia is preparing interactions with regulatory authorities to validate the proposed development plan. AdoShell ® Islets could then be clinically tested as early as 2025.Discussions are underway to establish a partnership for the technology.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorBioChaperone ® Combo: three positive clinical studiesPositive results from three clinical studies conducted on BioChaperone ® Combo (CT046 - 47 and 48) were announced in 2023. Conducted by Adocia in Germany  these studies were fully funded by Tonghua Dongbao  to whom BC Combo was licensed in 2018. Conducted on people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes  and on healthy Chinese volunteers  the studies demonstrated the efficacy of BioChaperone ® Combo combined with a good safety and tolerability profile.The various clinical studies conducted confirm the potential of BioChaperone ® Combo to reduce postprandial hyperglycemia and the risk of hypoglycemia compared with the reference premix insulin Humalog ® Mix  while ensuring basal control over 24 hours. The data generated support the objective of effective dosing in one or two doses per day. The overall evaluation showed that BioChaperone ® Combo has a good benefit/risk ratio  supporting its clinical development in the next phase.Tonghua Dongbao is currently discussing the next development steps with the Chinese regulatory authorities. Treatment of the first BC Combo phase 3 patient  expected in 2024  will trigger a $10m milestone payment (out of a maximum $50m in milestone payments  followed by royalties on future sales).BioChaperone ® Lispro: phase 3 progresses in ChinaThe extensive phase 3 program for BioChaperone ® Lispro initiated in 2022 is currently underway. Led by partner Tonghua Dongbao  the program involves 1 300 people with type 1 or type 2 diabetes in over 100 clinical research centers in China. The last patient last visit (LPLV) scheduled for the second half of 2024 will trigger a $10m payment. The contract provides for a maximum amount of $30m  contingent on the achievement of future development milestones through to product registration. Double-digit royalty payments on future sales of Tonghua Dongbao are also planned.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorPreparatory work for phase 3 trials in the United States and Europe has been completed  with positive opinions received from the FDA and EMA. The company is continuing its search for partners to initiate the pivotal program until it obtains marketing authorization for these territories  and to ensure its commercialization.New proprietary technology platforms to improve peptide deliveryAdOral ®: oral delivery of peptides to replace injectionsAdocia has developed an oral peptide delivery technology  making it possible to switch from injectable to oral forms. In addition to improving patients' quality of life and compliance  oral forms of peptides may be of interest in terms of product lifecycle management  avoiding the difficulties associated with large-scale production of sterile injectables. An initial application to semaglutide  a GLP-1 receptor agonist used in the treatment of diabetes and obesity  has validated this technology in preclinical studies  demonstrating significantly improved bioavailability compared with Rybelsus  the marketed oral form of semaglutide.The AdOral ® technology is currently being studied on peptides from two pharmaceutical partners  and discussions are underway to determine the next steps in these collaborations.AdoGel ®: long-acting peptide delivery to reduce the number of injectionsAdoGel ® has been designed to enable long-term delivery of GLP-1  to reduce the number of annual administrations from 52 to 12  and to reduce the production of auto-injectors. Designed for monthly release  AdoGel ® Sema avoids an initial concentration peak and ensures semaglutide release with a pseudo-zero order profile in animals.Changes in governanceIn May 2023  Adocia announced the appointment of Olivier Soula as Chief Executive Officer  by decision of the Board of Directors which met on May 11  2023 in Paris. Olivier Soula succeeds GÃ©rard Soula  who was reappointed Chairman of the Board of Directors.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorPost-period eventsIn March 2024  the company announced that it had raised €2m from its two main shareholders and a member of its management team and had signed an equity financing line with Vester Finance representing up to 12% of its capital. The details of this operation are described in our press release of March 21  20243.2024 MilestonesBioChaperone ® Lispro: end of phase 3 in China expected in the second half.end of phase 3 in China expected in the second half. BioChaperone ® Combo : Start of the next clinical trials currently under discussion between Tonghua Dongbao and the Chinese regulatory authorities.: Start of the next clinical trials currently under discussion between Tonghua Dongbao and the Chinese regulatory authorities. M1Pram : start of phase 2b in the U.S.A.  in people with type 1 diabetes and a BMI >30kg/m ²  scheduled for the third quarter.: start of phase 2b in the U.S.A.  in people with type 1 diabetes and a BMI >30kg/m ²  scheduled for the third quarter. AdoShell ® Islets: preparation of regulatory interactions for first-in-human study.preparation of regulatory interactions for first-in-human study. Continued deployment of the AdoGel ® and AdOral ® technology platforms.About AdociaAdocia is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery and development of therapeutic solutions in the field of metabolic diseases  primarily diabetes and obesity.The company has a broad portfolio of drug candidates based on four proprietary technology platforms: 1) The BioChaperone ® technology for the development of new generation insulins and products combining insulins with other classes of hormones; 2) AdOral ®  an oral peptide delivery technology; 3) AdoShell ®  an immunoprotective biomaterial for cell transplantation  with an initial application in pancreatic cells transplantation; and 4) AdoGel ®  a long-acting drug delivery platform.Adocia holds more than 25 patent families. Based in Lyon  the company has about 80 employees. Adocia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext™ Paris (Euronext: ADOC; ISIN: FR0011184241).here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Adocia and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Adocia considers as being reasonable. However  there can be no guarantee that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved  as such estimates are subject to numerous risks including those which are set forth in the Risk Factors section of the universal registration document that was filed with the French AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers on April 26  2023 updated by the amendment of 26 July 2023 (D.23-0346-A01) and amendment of 13 September 2023 (D.23-0346-A02)  available at www.adocia.com  in particular uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data  analyses  and the evolution of the economic context  the financial markets and the markets in which Adocia operates  which could impact the Company's short-term financing requirements and its ability to raise additional funds.The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Adocia or not considered as material by Adocia as of this day. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause that actual results  financial conditions  performances  or achievements of Adocia be materially different from those mentioned in the forward-looking statements_ _ _ ___1 Conway B  Miller RG  Costacou T  Fried L  Kelsey S  Evans RW  Orchard TJ. Temporal patterns in overweight and obesity in Type 1 diabetes. Diabet Med. 2010. Apr;27(4):398-404. doi: 10.1111/j.1464-5491.2010.02956.x. PMID: 20536510; PMCID: PMC3129711.2 Epidemiology of Obesity and Diabetes and Their Cardiovascular Complications3 Press Release  March 21  2024  https://www.adocia.com/composants/uploads/2024/03/ADOCIA-PR-March-2024-Financing.pdfhere or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240424648443/en/AdociaOlivier SoulaCEOcontactinvestisseurs@adocia.com+33 (0)4 72 610 610www.adocia.comUlysse CommunicationAdocia Relations Presse et InvestisseursBruno ArabianNicolas Entzadocia@ulysse-communication.com+ 33 (0)6 87 88 47 26Source: ADOCIA",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.15,0.64,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Financial Update', 'Investing.com', 'ADOCIA', 'Corporate', 'BioChaperone ® Lispro phase 3 program', 'phase 3 BC Lispro program', 'next annual general meeting', 'lower R&D expenses', 'Adocia Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next clinical steps', 'lower clinical expenditures', 'phase 2b study', '€2m private placement', 'AdoShell ® technology Progress', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'ValÃ©rie Danaguezian', '3rd party Ad.', 'cell therapy technology', '€0.5m Bpifrance grant', 'three clinical trials', 'Chinese regulatory authorities', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'world-leading pharmaceutical company', 'first clinical study', 'annual financial results', '€4.8m milestone payment', 'new financial position', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Research tax credit', 'eligible operating expenses', 'Other operating income', 'Other operating revenue', 'March 2024 financing operation', 'feasibility study', 'financial situation', 'Financial highlights', 'Regulatory News', 'first patient', 'FINANCIAL INCOME', 'financing line', 'excellent position', 'The Company', '2023 financial year', 'Cash position', 'BioChaperone ® Combo', 'exclusivity agreement', 'contract termination', 'IPF Partners', 'IPF debt', 'Vester Finance', 'full utilization', 'flagship products', 'potential partners', 'United States', 'Tonghua Dongbao', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'third quarter', 'Investing.com', 'substantial revenues', 'Olivier Soula', 'following table', 'administrative expenses', 'AdOral ® project', 'BC Combo', 'commercial failure', 'Insulin project', 'higher overheads', '€11m decrease', 'NET INCOME', 'cash runway', 'mature partnership', 'product development', 'development expenses', 'fiscal year', 'Euronext Paris', 'great interest', 'partnership discussions', 'net loss', 'December', 'signing', 'Sanofi', 'NASDAQ', 'M1Pram', 'July', 'repayment', 'receipt', 'exercise', 'warrants', 'Q3', 'Advances', 'Continuation', 'preparation', 'China', 'LYON', 'treatment', 'diabetes', 'obesity', 'board', 'directors', 'April', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'June', 'indebtedness', 'transaction', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'value', 'negotiations', 'partnerships', 'IFRS', 'comparison', 'thousands', 'FY', 'Grants', 'others', 'activities', 'THDB', '2022 sales', 'services', 'May', 'recruitment', 'dosing', 'CIR', 'drop', 'recognition', 'technical', 'reduction', 'item']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,investing.com
39868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Voltalia-2024-first-quarter-Turnover-46519303/,Voltalia 2024 first quarter Turnover,(marketscreener.com) Quarterly Turnover up +13% driven by Energy Sales up +20% Q1 2024 Turnover at 111 million euros Energy Sales: strong +20% increase driven by production from new power plants commissioned in 2023  notably in France  Albania and BrazilServi…,"Quarterly Turnover up +13%driven by Energy Sales up +20%Q1 2024 Turnover at 111 million eurosEnergy Sales: strong +20% increase driven by production from new power plants commissioned in 2023  notably in France  Albania and BrazilServices: +2% increase (after eliminations) with parallel growth in the Development  Construction and Equipment Procurement and Operation and Maintenance segments2024 objectives reaffirmedCapacity in operation and under construction around 3.3 gigawatts  of which around 2.5 gigawatts in operationEBITDA of approximately 255 million euros  of which approximately 230 million euros from Energy SalesAmbitions 2027 confirmedCapacity in operation and under construction exceeding 5 gigawatts  of which approximately 4.2 gigawatts in operationCapacity operated for third-party customers of more than 8 gigawattsNormalised EBITDA 1 of approximately 475 million euros  including approximately 430 million euros from Energy Salesof approximately 475 million euros  including approximately 430 million euros from Energy Sales Over 4 million tons of avoided CO 2100% of capacity under construction with a stakeholder engagement plan50% of solar capacity in operation located on co-used or upgraded soil-35% of carbon intensity for solar held capacity under construction in kgCO 2 /MW (Scope 3) in 2030 compared with 2022Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  publishes its 2024 first quarter turnover."" The first three months of the year comfort our 2024 objectives  with a further +20% rise in Energy Sales. At the same time  we are executing our 2024 investment plan of 500 million euros  with the continuation of projects initiated in 2023 and new projects launched in Brazil  via Helexia  and in the United Kingdom. This investment plan  the long-term visibility of our inflation-indexed sales prices  the integrated model of our value chain and the commitment of Voltalians reinforce our confidence in achieving our 2027 ambitions.""  comments Sébastien Clerc  Chief Executive Officer of Voltalia.First-quarter (Q1) 2024 turnoverIn € millions Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Change at current exchange rates Change at constant exchanges rates Energy Sales 74.9 62.5 +20% +18% Services before eliminations 80.0 108.0 -26% -23% Eliminations -43.9 -72.4 -39% -35% Services after eliminations 36.1 35.6 +2% +2% Turnover 111.1 98.1 +13% +12%ACTIVITY REVIEWTurnover stands at 111.1 million euros  up +13% (+12% at constant exchange rates)  of which 57% are generated in Europe  37% in Latin America and 6% in Africa.Turnover from Energy Sales amounts to 74.9 million euros  up +20% (+18% at constant exchange rates) and accounts for 67% of total sales.Turnover to third-party customers stands at 36.1 million euros  up +2% at current and constant exchange rates  and accounts for 33% of total sales.ENERGY SALESOperational indicators Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Variation Production (in GWh) 973 950 +2% Capacity in operation and under construction (in MW) 2 928 2 617 +12% Wind load factor in France 26% 25% +1pt Wind load factor in Brazil 27% 40% -13pts Solar load factor in France 12% 13% -1pt Solar load factor in Brazil 24% 21% +3pts Solar load factor in Egypt and Jordan 21% 22% -1pt Load factor Royaume-Uni 8% 9% -1ptProduction rises by +2% to 973 GWh. The decrease in load factors and the change in scope due to the power plants sold in 2023 are more than offset by the new power plants production commissioned in 2023  for a total of 795 MW. The low wind load factor of the Brazilian’s power plants  in the context of the end of the El Niño weather cycle  was taken into account on April 2  2024 when setting the annual EBITDA target for 2024.Analysis of production by countryIn Brazil  production falls by -11% due to unfavourable resource levels and the sale of two projects (Vila Acre 1 and 2  for a total of 58.5 MW) at the end of 2023. As previously indicated 2   the production curtailment has small effect since the beginning of the year.  the production curtailment has small effect since the beginning of the year. In France  production rises by +27%  benefiting from many commissioning  which more than offset the disposal at the end of 2023 of the Sarry and Molinons wind farm projects (33 MW in total).In the rest of the world  production increases by a factor of x2.0. Voltalia benefits from the commissioning of the Karavasta solar power plant in Albania and the Garrido complex in Portugal.Helexia's production continues to grow rapidly (+94%)  both in Europe and Brazil.Turnover from Energy Sales amounts to 74.9 million euros  up sharply by +20% (+18% at constant exchange rates) thanks to a rise in the average selling price per MWh  with two main factors: first revenues generation at a high price for the Karavasta3 power plant  and the contractual indexation of selling prices to inflation4.SERVICESFirst-quarter 2024 turnover from Third-Party Services (after eliminations) comes to 36.1 million euros  up +2% (at current and constant exchange rates)  while internal Services (eliminated on consolidation) falls by -39%.The Development  Construction and Equipment Procurement segment grows by +2% to 30.2 million euros. Growth is achieved in the construction business  driven by the Irish projects with ESB and Power Capital (330 MW). In-house business (eliminated on consolidation) is down sharply (-37%) after the exceptional levels of 2023  which were underpinned by a record volume of internal projects.segment grows by +2% to 30.2 million euros. Growth is achieved in the construction business  driven by the Irish projects with ESB and Power Capital (330 MW). In-house business (eliminated on consolidation) is down sharply (-37%) after the exceptional levels of 2023  which were underpinned by a record volume of internal projects. The Operation and Maintenance segment for third-party customers rises by +1% to 5.9 million euros. Capacity operated and maintained on behalf of third-party customers totalled 5.0 GW  benefiting from new contract signed. Internal activity (eliminated on consolidation) rises by +39%  thanks to the record level of commissioning in 2023 of new power plants owned by Voltalia  which are now operated and maintained by the Group's own teams.RECENT DEVELOPMENTSConstruction of the Paddock solar project in the United Kingdom5Voltalia launches construction of a 49.9 MW photovoltaic power plant in the south-east of the country. The project will cover the annual electricity consumption of more than 14 385 average British households and avoid the emission of more than 35 681 tons of CO 2 per year. The electricity will be sold under long-term sales contracts to corporate customers (Corporate PPA) who will consume the electricity generated. The plant will start producing in the second half of 2025.Sud Vannier power plant crowdfunding6The crowdfunding campaign launched at the beginning of 2024 was a great success with a collection of4 million euros. With a capacity of 23.6 MW  Sud Vannier wind farm produced its first kilowatt hours in February 2023 and commissioning tests were completed in September 2023. The electricity produced is sold to Leroy Merlin through a 23 year corporate PPA. This is the first time in France that a new wind farm is backed by a Corporate PPA.2024 OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES REAFFIRMEDVoltalia reiterates its 2024 objectives:Capacity in operation and under construction at around 3.3 GW  representing growth of +16% compared to 2023  of which around 2.5 GW in operation.EBITDA of around 255 million euros  representing growth of +6% compared to 2023  of which around230 million euros from Energy Sales.OPERATING AND FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR 2027 CONFIRMEDVoltalia confirms its operational and financial targets for 2027:Own capacity more than 5 GW  with approximately 4.2 GW in operation.Capacity operated on behalf of third-party customers more than 8 GW.Normalised EBITDA7 of around 475 million euros  of which around 430 million euros from Energy Sales.MISSION OBJECTIVES 2027 and 2030 CONFIRMEDFinally  as a Mission-driven company  Voltalia is pursuing its ambitions to strengthen its commitment to sustainable development with the following objectives:In 2027: CO 2 avoided of over 4 million tons.avoided of over 4 million tons. In 2027: 100% of owned capacity under construction with a Stakeholder Engagement Plan (SEP) aligned with IFC (World Bank Group) standards.By 2027: 50% of solar MW held capacity in operation located on co-used or upgraded soil  i.e. land combining solar with another human activity (such as buildings  parking lots  agriculture  and grazing) or located on land with low biodiversity  agricultural or economic potential (such as deserts  industrial wastelands  and disused quarries).By 2030: -35% carbon intensity in kgCO 2 /MW (Scope 3) of solar power plants owned compared with 2022  notably by prioritizing the acquisition of low-carbon solar panels.Next meeting: Annual General Meeting  May 16  2024PROSPECTIVE STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. These forward-looking statements may often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan""  as well as by other similar words. Although Voltalia's management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Voltalia's control  that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in the evolution of the selling price of electricity produced by Voltalia  the evolution of the regulatory environment in which Voltalia operates as well as the competitiveness of renewable energies and other factors that may affect the production capacity or profitability of Voltalia's production sites as well as those developed or identified in Voltalia's public filings with the Autorité des marchés financiers including those listed in section 2. 2 ""Risk Factors"" of Voltalia's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 12  2024. Voltalia undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements  except as required by law.Capacity in operation as of March 31  2024In MW Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Hybrid Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Albania 140 140 0 Belgium 17 17 13 Brazil 773 717 1 491 1 092 Egypt 32 32 32 France 93 214 5 311 240 French Guiana 14 7 5 24 49 34 Greece 17 17 17 Hungary 17 17 1 Italy 18 18 15 Jordan 57 57 57 Netherlands 60 60 0 Portugal 77 77 36 Romania 6 6 0 Spain 26 26 11 United Kingdom 57 32 89 89 Total 866 1 468 7 10 56 2 407 1 637Capacity under construction as of March 31  20248Projet name Capacity Technology Country Bolobedu 148 Solar South Africa Cafesoca 8 Hydro Brazil Clifton 45 Solar United Kingdom East Gate 34 Solar United Kingdom Helexia 127 Solar Brazil Helexia 6 Solar Belgium Helexia 1 Solar Spain Helexia 27 Solar France Helexia 7 Solar Hungary Helexia 2 Solar Italy Helexia 6 Solar Portugal Helexia 2 Solar Romania Higher Stockbridge 45 Solar United Kingdom Lercara Friddi 3 Solar Italy Paddock8 50 Solar United Kingdom Sinnamary 10 Biomass French Guiana Sinnamary 1 Hybrid French Guiana Total (in MW) 522Power production as of March 31  2024In GWh Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Hybrid Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Albania 45 45 0 Brazil 460 237 11 708 793 Egypt 17 17 17 France 55 16 0 72 54 French Guiana 3 9 12 12 Greece 6 6 6 Helexia Brazil 20 20 0 Helexia Europe 41 41 31 Jordan 26 26 25 Portugal 17 17 0 United-Kingdom 8 8 11 Total 516 436 9 0 11 973 950About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group generates and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 2.9 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 16.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia also offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With over 1 850 employees in more than 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed in compartment A of the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index for responsible mid-cap companies. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 SEITOSEI.ACTIFINPress Relations: Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.com – T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 ""Normalised EBITDA"" 2027 calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.5 and wind  solar and hydro production corresponding to the long-term average.2 April 2  2024 press release.3 First-generation revenues: revenues received prior to the implementation date of long-term power sales contracts. In the case of Karavasta  these higher-priced revenues under a first contract will last until August 2025  when the long-term contract begins.4 74% of 2023 sales are contractually indexed to inflation.5 April 8  2024 press release.6 April 15  2024 press release.7 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" on December 31  2027 calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.5 and wind  solar and hydro production corresponding to the long-term average.8April 8  2024 press release.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.39,0.34,True,English,"['Voltalia 2024 first quarter Turnover', 'El Niño weather cycle', 'Molinons wind farm projects', 'Karavasta solar power plant', 'low wind load factor', 'new power plants production', 'Karavasta3 power plant', 'first three months', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'constant exchanges rates', 'constant exchange rates', 'unfavourable resource levels', 'first revenues generation', 'average selling price', 'stakeholder engagement plan', 'annual EBITDA target', 'Solar load factor', 'two main factors', 'current exchange rates', '2024 first quarter turnover', 'inflation-indexed sales prices', 'Q1 2023 Variation Production', '8 gigawatts Normalised EBITDA', 'Energy Sales Ambitions', 'load factors', 'new projects', 'two projects', 'high price', '2024 investment plan', 'parallel growth', 'Maintenance segments', 'third-party customers', 'carbon intensity', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'same time', 'United Kingdom', 'long-term visibility', 'integrated model', 'value chain', 'ACTIVITY REVIEW', 'Latin America', 'Operational indicators', 'Vila Acre', 'small effect', 'Garrido complex', 'contractual indexation', 'internal Serv', 'solar capacity', 'Q1 2024 Turnover', 'Q1) 2024 turnover', '111 million euros', '255 million euros', '475 million euros', '430 million euros', '4 million tons', '500 million euros', '111.1 million euros', '74.9 million euros', '36.1 million euros', 'production curtailment', 'Quarterly Turnover', 'total sales', 'many commissioning', 'Third-Party Services', 'First-quarter 2024 turnover', 'Brazil Services', 'operation Capacity', '2027 ambitions', '230 million', '3.3 gigawatts', '2.5 gigawatts', '4.2 gigawatts', 'France', 'Albania', '+2% increase', 'eliminations', 'Construction', 'Equipment', 'Procurement', '2024 objectives', 'soil', 'kgCO', 'MW', 'Scope', 'Voltalia', 'year', '+20% rise', 'continuation', 'Helexia', 'commitment', 'confidence', 'comments', 'millions', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'GWh', 'Egypt', 'Jordan', 'Royaume-Uni', 'decrease', 'Brazilian', 'context', 'end', 'account', 'April', 'Analysis', 'country', 'beginning', 'disposal', 'Sarry', 'rest', 'world', 'Portugal', '€']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868948/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,April 24  2024  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR65 million (c. US$70 million) share repurchase program for the period...,"April 24  2024SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR65 million (c. US$70 million) share repurchase program for the period April 18  2024 through April 24  2024.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024 and effective from March 1  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through April 24  2024 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 65 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 11 357 288 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 796 226 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 14.26 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of April 24  2024 17.47% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount April 18  2024 23 302 EUR 14.30 EUR 333 267 April 19  2024 21 209 EUR 14.52 EUR 307 873 April 22  2024 23 369 EUR 14.55 EUR 339 923 April 23  2024 22 968 EUR 14.46 EUR 332 163 April 24  2024 26 350 EUR 14.37 EUR 378 697 Total 117 198 EUR 14.44 EUR 1 691 9231All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore designs  builds  installs and operates offshore floating facilities for the offshore energy industry. As a leading technology provider  we put our marine expertise at the service of a responsible energy transition by reducing emissions from fossil fuel production  while developing cleaner solutions for alternative energy sources.More than 7 400 SBMers worldwide are committed to sharing their experience to deliver safe  sustainable and affordable energy from the oceans for generations to come.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com .Financial Calendar Date Year First Quarter 2024 Trading Update May 8 2024 Half Year 2024 Earnings August 8 2024 Third Quarter 2024 Trading Update November 14 2024 Full Year 2024 Earnings February 20 2025 Annual General Meeting April 9 2025For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 6 23 34 37 64 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsEvelyn Tachau BrownGroup Communications & Change DirectorMobile: +377 (0) 6 40 62 30 34 E-mail: evelyn.tachau-brown@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “Float4Wind®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Evelyn Tachau Brown Group Communications', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', 'Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Full Year 2024 Earnings February', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', '2024 Half Year 2024 Earnings', 'leading technology provider', 'fossil fuel production', 'separate legal entities', 'responsible energy transition', 'alternative energy sources', 'offshore floating facilities', 'Trade Date Quantity', 'Annual General Meeting', 'last 5 trading days', 'offshore energy industry', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'share capital', 'Cumulative Quantity', 'Start Date', 'current views', 'affordable energy', 'Media Relations', 'top half', '2023 Annual Report', 'SBM logomark', 'Trading Update', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'CBOE DXE', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'marine expertise', 'cleaner solutions', 'safe, sustainable', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'Change Director', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'actual results', 'future operations', 'useful purpose', 'industry information', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Investors section', 'similar expressions', 'Opportunity Management', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'transaction details', 'detailed information', 'individual transactions', 'new information', 'press release', 'particular company', 'Wouter Holties', 'April', 'period', 'repurchases', 'March', 'objective', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Further', 'website', '2024 Percentage', 'shares', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'service', 'emissions', 'More', '7,400 SBMers', 'experience', 'oceans', 'generations', 'sbmoffshore', 'August', 'mail', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'Nothing', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'companies', 'investments', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries', 'Fast4W']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/24/2868310/0/en/FORVIA-TO-OFFER-AN-ADDITIONAL-200-MILLION-OF-5-500-SENIOR-NOTES-DUE-2031-AIMING-TO-PARTIALLY-REFINANCE-ITS-7-250-2026-BONDS.html,FORVIA TO OFFER AN ADDITIONAL €200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 AIMING TO PARTIALLY REFINANCE ITS 7.250% 2026 BONDS,Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan  NANTERRE (FRANCE)APRIL 24  2024  FORVIA TO OFFER AN......,"Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or JapanNANTERRE (FRANCE)APRIL 24  2024FORVIA TO OFFER AN ADDITIONAL €200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 AIMING TO PARTIALLY REFINANCE ITS 7.250% 2026 BONDSFORVIA has announced today that it will make an offering of €200 million of 5.500% senior notes due 2031 (the “New Notes”) which will be consolidated with and form a single series with the €500 million 5.500% Senior Notes due 2031 issued on 11 March 2024 (ISIN Code: XS2774392638) after the expiry of a 40-days distribution compliance period. The completion of the offering of the New Notes is subject to market conditions.FORVIA intends to use the proceeds of the offering of the New Notes to fund the repurchase in part of FORVIA’s 7.250% sustainability-linked notes due 2026 (the “Existing Notes”) in a cash tender offer (the “Tender Offer”). The Tender Offer was launched today and remains subject to conditions  such as the completion of the offering of the New Notes. FORVIA plans to repurchase the Existing Notes in an amount up to the principal amount of the New Notes. The final amount of Existing Notes accepted in the Tender Offer will be subject to the final amounts of tenders received.In addition  if  in FORVIA’s discretion  substantial proceeds remain  FORVIA intends to use such remaining proceeds to partially redeem the Existing Notes (the “Redemption”). FORVIA today issued a conditional notice of the Redemption to holders of the Existing Notes. The Redemption is subject to the completion of the offering of the New Notes and the completion of the Tender Offer with the principal amount of the Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted therein being substantially less than the principal amount of the New Notes issued.PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS Christophe MALBRANQUEGroup Media Relations Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.com Marc MAILLETGroup Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations Officer+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYGroup Deputy Investor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 26 89 33 69sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With close to 260 industrial sites and 78 R&D centers  153 000 people  including 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of six Business Groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 13 400 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group recorded consolidated sales above 27 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comIMPORTANT NOTICEThis document is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The notes being offered by Forvia (the ""Notes"") may not be sold in the United States unless they are registered under the Securities Act or are exempt from registration. The offering of Notes described in this announcement has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and accordingly any offer or sale of Notes may be made only in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.Nothing herein shall be construed as an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell or buy any notes  including the Existing Notes. Nothing herein constitutes a notice of redemption for the Existing Notes.It may be unlawful to distribute this document in certain jurisdictions. This document is not for distribution in Canada  Japan or Australia. The information in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Canada  Japan or Australia.Promotion of the Notes in the United Kingdom is restricted by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)  and accordingly  the Notes are not being promoted to the general public in the United Kingdom. This announcement is directed solely at (i) persons located outside the United Kingdom  (ii) persons with professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order and (iv) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”)) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Issuer or any member of its group may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons in (i) – (iv) above being “relevant persons”). Any investment activity to which this announcement relates will only be available to and will only be engaged with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation EU 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or an offer to the public.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) or an offer to the public.MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only/No PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (MIFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in EEA.MiFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No UK PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (UK MIFIR product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the UK.Neither the content of Forvia’s website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on Forvia’s website is incorporated in  or forms part of  this announcement. The distribution of this announcement into any jurisdiction may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.No money  securities or other consideration is being solicited  and  if sent in response to the information contained herein  no money  securities or other consideration will be accepted.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['5.500% SENIOR NOTES', 'PARTIALLY REFINANCE', 'FORVIA', 'ADDITIONAL €', 'MILLION', 'BONDS', 'Iria MONTOUTO Group Media Relations Officer', 'Christophe MALBRANQUE Group Media Relations Director', '7th global automotive technology supplier', 'Deputy Investor Relations Director', 'high net worth entities', 'Sébastien LEROY Group', '40-days distribution compliance period', 'Marc MAILLET Group Head', '78 R&D centers', '15,000 R&D engineers', 'six Business Groups', 'strong IP portfolio', 'Euronext Paris market', 'FRVIA mnemonic code', 'CAC SBT 1.5° indices', 'cash tender offer', 'The Tender Offer', '€500 million 5.500% Senior Notes', 'automotive challenges', 'complementary technology', 'ISIN Code', 'CAC Next 20', 'United States', 'PARTIALLY REFINANCE', 'single series', 'market conditions', 'final amounts', 'PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'mobility experiences', 'industrial strengths', '260 industrial sites', '40+ countries', 'comprehensive approach', 'preferred innovation', 'integration partner', '27 billion euros', 'change maker', 'mobility transformation', 'United Kingdom', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'general public', 'professional experience', 'investment activity', 'principal amount', 'New Notes', '7.250% sustainability-linked notes', 'Existing Notes', 'The Redemption', 'substantial proceeds', 'remaining proceeds', 'conditional notice', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'Securities Act', 'registration requirements', 'Financial Promotion', 'other persons', 'FORVIA SE', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'APRIL', 'ADDITIONAL €', '2026 BONDS', 'offering', '11 March', 'expiry', 'completion', 'repurchase', 'tenders', 'discretion', 'holders', 'sebastien', 'mission', 'people', 'Faurecia', 'HELLA', 'unique', 'today', 'tomorrow', '13,400 patents', 'OEMS', 'sales', 'component', 'document', 'announcement', 'transaction', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'jurisdictions', 'information', 'FSMA', 'matters', 'investments', 'Article', 'Order', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'meaning', 'section', 'connection', 'issue']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,globenewswire.com
39871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLATO-GROUP-INC-132124755/news/Volato-Announces-Changes-to-Board-Composition-46513915/,Volato Announces Changes to Board Composition,(marketscreener.com) Volato to Announce First Quarter 2024 Results on Wednesday  May 15  2024https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLATO-GROUP-INC-132124755/news/Volato-Announces-Changes-to-Board-Composition-46513915/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240…,"Volato to Announce First Quarter 2024 Results on Wednesday  May 15  2024Volato Group  Inc. (“Volato ” or the “Company”) (NYSE American: SOAR) today announced that it has appointed Christopher G. Burger and Fred A. Colen to the Company’s Board of Directors. As part of this announcement  Joan Sullivan Garrett  Katherine Arris-Wilson  Peter Mirabello  and Dana H. Born have stepped down from the Company’s Board of Directors without disagreement.The company is decreasing the size of its board from seven to five members  three of whom are Independent Directors. Fred Colen will serve as an independent director and Chair of the Audit Committee and has been designated as a financial expert. Chris Burger will serve as an independent director and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Michael Nichols has served as an independent director since August of 2021 and has been elected as Lead Independent Director; Mr. Nichols will continue to serve as Chair of the Compensation Committee. Matthew Liotta  Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of Volato  has been elected Chairman of the Board of Directors. Nicholas Cooper  Chief Commercial Officer and co-founder  will continue to serve as a director.Mr. Liotta commented  “I’d like to thank each of the departing directors for their service to Volato. We are very pleased to introduce Chris Burger and Fred Colen to our upgraded board structure  bringing with them an exceptional mix of expertise in technology and aviation. This strategic enhancement of our board will sharpen our decision-making and accelerate our financial goals. With their guidance and a more nimble board structure  we are poised to drive Volato forward  reinforcing our commitment to innovation in the private aviation industry.”Christopher G. Burger BioChris Burger is a proven senior executive  C-level advisor  and Board member with extensive experience leading global organizations through critical business and technology transformation initiatives. Chris has direct international management experience spanning five continents and currently serves as President & CEO of Transform with a mission to help clients and team members achieve their greatest potential and fulfillment. Notable Transform Aviation clients include  among others  Delta Air Lines  FedEx  United Airlines  and USAF Air Mobility Command. Earlier in his career  Chris held roles of increasing responsibility at GE and Motorola across digitization  acquisition integration  program and project management  strategic programs  global business planning and competitive intelligence. Chris holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a Marketing Distinction Certificate from Emory University’s Roberto C. Goizueta Business School.Fred A. Colen BioMr. Colen is an experienced public company executive and director. He has served as Chairman of the Board of Xeltis AG  an international medical device company  since 2023. Since 2017  Mr. Colen has served on the Board of Directors of Onward Medical (Euronext: ONWD). From January 2018 to April 2023  he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Neovasc Inc. (NASDAQ: NVCN). Prior to joining Neovasc Inc.  Mr. Colen served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at BeneChill  Inc.  a medical device company in San Diego  California  from 2011 to 2016. Before joining BeneChill  Inc.  Mr. Colen served in various capacities at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) from 1999 to 2010. Mr. Colen holds a Master of Electrical Engineering with a specialization in Biomedical Engineering from the University of Aachen in Germany. Mr. Colen is qualified to serve on the Board because of his significant public company board and managerial experience.The departing board members’ resignations are not related to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company’s operations  policies  or practices.Earnings Conference CallVolato will release its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31  2024  before market open on Wednesday  May 15  2024. and will host a conference call to discuss the results at 8:00am ET on the same day.Interested parties can access the conference call by dialing 866-605-1830 for toll free access or +1 215-268-9881. The live call will also be available via webcast on Volato’s Investor Relations website: https://ir.flyvolato.com/.A replay of the call will be available until August 14  2024 and can be accessed by dialing 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and using the Access ID: 13746297.Cautionary Note on Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are predictions  projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and  as a result  are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other important factors  many of which are outside of the control of Volato that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The words ""anticipate "" ""believe "" continue "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""might "" ""plan "" ""possible "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""should "" ""strive "" ""would"" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements  but the absence of these words does not mean that statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements can be found in the Annual Report on Form 10-K  filed with the SEC on March 26  2024 and other documents filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date made  and Volato undertakes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements  whether because of new information  future events  or otherwise.About VolatoVolato (NYSE American: SOAR) is a leader in private aviation  redefining air travel through modern  efficient  and customer-designed solutions. Volato provides a fresh approach to fractional ownership  aircraft management  jet card  deposit and charter programs  all powered by advanced  proprietary mission control technology. Volato's fractional programs uniquely offer flexible hours and a revenue share for owners across the world’s largest fleet of HondaJets  which are optimized for missions of up to four passengers. For more information visit www.flyvolato.com.All Volato Part 135 charter flights are operated by its DOT/FAA-authorized air carrier subsidiary (G C Aviation  Inc. d/b/a Volato) or by an approved vendor air carrier.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240423912104/en/",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,positive,0.79,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Volato', 'Changes', 'Board', 'Composition', 'Roberto C. Goizueta Business School', 'USAF Air Mobility Command', 'seven to five members', 'direct international management experience', 'Christopher G. Burger Bio', 'experienced public company executive', 'international medical device company', 'Fred A. Colen Bio', 'departing board members’ resignations', 'significant public company board', 'Notable Transform Aviation clients', 'Delta Air Lines', 'Business Administration degree', 'Joan Sullivan Garrett', 'Dana H. Born', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'Marketing Distinction Certificate', 'Investor Relations website', 'federal securities laws', 'global business planning', 'private aviation industry', 'toll free access', 'other important factors', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'Forward Looking Statements', 'technology transformation initiatives', 'Earnings Conference Call', 'nimble board structure', 'Lead Independent Director', 'First Quarter 2024 Results', 'team members', 'critical business', 'Fred Colen', 'senior executive', 'five continents', 'project management', 'Onward Medical', 'other statements', 'extensive experience', 'managerial experience', 'global organizations', 'Access ID', 'Audit Committee', 'Compensation Committee', 'departing directors', 'Mr. Colen', 'forward-looking statements', 'Chris Burger', 'Katherine Arris-Wilson', 'Peter Mirabello', 'financial expert', 'Michael Nichols', 'Mr. Nichols', 'Matthew Liotta', 'Nicholas Cooper', 'Mr. Liotta', 'exceptional mix', 'strategic enhancement', 'financial goals', 'C-level advisor', 'greatest potential', 'United Airlines', 'increasing responsibility', 'strategic programs', 'competitive intelligence', 'Xeltis AG', 'San Diego', 'various capacities', 'Boston Scientific', 'Electrical Engineering', 'Biomedical Engineering', 'same day', 'Interested parties', 'live call', 'Cautionary Note', 'press release', 'future events', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'financial results', 'actual results', 'Independent Directors', 'Emory University', 'Neovasc Inc.', 'Volato Group', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'SOAR', 'announcement', 'disagreement', 'size', 'Chair', 'Nominating', 'August', 'Founder', 'service', 'upgraded', 'expertise', 'decision-making', 'guidance', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'President', 'CEO', 'mission', 'fulfillment', 'others', 'FedEx', 'career', 'roles', 'Motorola', 'digitization', 'acquisition', 'integration', 'Bachelor', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'January', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'NVCN', 'BeneChill', 'California', 'NYSE', 'BSX', 'Master', 'specialization', 'Aachen', 'Germany', 'matter', 'operations', 'policies', 'practices', '8:00am', 'webcast', 'flyvolato', 'replay', 'meaning', 'predictions', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'control']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXAIL-TECHNOLOGIES-5158/news/Exail-Technologies-1st-quarter-2024-activity-16-revenue-and-40-order-intake-46518645/,Exail Technologies :  1st quarter 2024 activity: +16% revenue and +40% order intake,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  24 April 2024 at 18h  In the first quarter of 2024  Exail Technologies generated €80 million of revenues  representing a growth of +16% compared to the same quarter last year. This quarter was characterized by strong commerci…,"Paris  24 April 2024 at 18hIn the first quarter of 2024  Exail Technologies generated €80 million of revenues  representing a growth of +16% compared to the same quarter last year. This quarter was characterized by strong commercial momentum  both in programs currently under decision in underwater robotics and in the sales of navigation systems. Orders in the Navigation & Maritime Robotics segment  which represent the majority of activities  increased by +60%.Revenues of the first quarter 2024 by segment(in € million) Q1 2024 Q1 2023[1] Var. % Consolidated revenues 79 5 68  8 + 16 % Navigation & Maritime Robotics segment 60 8 51 3 +18% Advanced Technologies segment 21 3 18 9 +13% Structure & intra-group eliminations -2 5 -1  4 - Backlog at the end of the period 630 620 +1%Order intake for the first quarter of 2024: €79 million  up by +40%.Navigation & Maritime Robotics Segment: +60% in ordersSales of navigation and positioning systems exceeded €40 million this quarter. These activities benefit from the dynamism of its historical markets (such as naval defense and civil maritime)  breakthroughs in applications where the group had a limited presence (such as land defense)  and the development of new applications (such as New Space).Exail has secured several major contracts in the naval sector for navigation systems that will be installed in ships and underwater vehicles. Among the notable achievements  the company has landed a contract worth nearly €10 million for inertial navigation units that will be used by underwater drones.Exail has secured the largest contract in its history in the field of Navigation for a land defense application  with more than 1 000 inertial units. The client  a major player in the sector based in Western Europe  has opted for compact models of these devices which will be delivered starting from January 2025.The sales of the new Astrix-NS unit continue in the beginning of 2024  with two new orders from European and Asian actors. Thanks to the features provided by this innovative product  Exail is poised to benefit from the growth of satellite constellations.Orders for autonomous robotic systems were relatively stable this quarter. They include price increases  additional service sales  and maintenance to existing customers in mine warfare and drone mapping applications.The Advanced Technologies segment maintained a good level of orders  at €13 million  compared to €15 million in the first quarter of 2023  which had been especially strong. The driving sectors of growth remain unchanged from previous quarters and include applications in the space sector  laser-based communications and physical measurements  and advanced on-board equipment for aeronautics.Despite the disappointment associated with Australia's cancellation of its ongoing tender  the commercial and technical teams of the group remain engaged in other processes under decision. Exail is actively discussing ongoing offers for several navies in Europe  Asia  and the Middle East concerning both new and existing programs  representing between tens and hundreds of millions of euros. The group remains confident in the significant potential for order intake throughout the 2024 fiscal year  as evidenced by the first quarter.Revenue increased by +16% in the first quarter of 2024Exail Technologies recorded a revenue of €80 million in the first quarter  with growth across all activities  particularly in the main segment.Navigation & Maritime Robotics Segment: €60 million  +18% growthThe quarter's growth is supported both by the deliveries of navigation systems and the progress of underwater robotics programs. Among the latter  besides the contribution from the Belgian-Dutch program  Exail benefits from additional revenue generated by services and maintenance associated with recurring orders from existing clients. For example  Exail teams supported operators equipped with DriX in mapping missions  such as NOOA or EDF Renewable Energy  and conducted maintenance operations on drones delivered.Inertial unit deliveries were high  demonstrating the success of the production capacity expansion efforts undertaken last year. As a result  Exail can deliver the significant order backlog for navigation and positioning systems and capitalize on the strong momentum in its markets. The group is considering further initiatives to improve its production facilities in 2024 to meet growing demand for its products.Advanced Technologies segment: +13% growthThis segment achieved a satisfactory revenue of €21 million in the first quarter of 2024. Revenue from external clients is increasing  thanks to multi-year contracts ramping up. Additionally  the production of optical components is increasingly utilized for the Navigation & Maritime Robotics segment  which has strong internal demand.OutlookExail Technologies confirms the positive trend in its markets and the robust order backlog established at the beginning of the year. Sales and deliveries of navigation systems are a consistent and growing axis of growth. Commercial activity could materialize into firm orders in the underwater robotics sector. Decisions are still awaited in 2024  some of which may potentially occur before the summer.The company thus maintains the outlook communicated during the 2024 annual results.About Exail TechnologiesExail Technologies is the new name of Groupe Gorgé  adopted after the transformation of the group at the end of 2022  now focused on the activities of its subsidiary Exail. Exail Technologies is an industrial company specializing in high technology in the field of autonomous robotics with a vertical integration of its businesses. The group offers complex drone and navigation systems  as well as products for the aerospace and photonics industries. Exail Technologies provides performance  reliability and safety to its civil and military customers operating in harsh environments and generates revenues in nearly 80 countries.Exail technologies is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (EXA).www.exail-technologies.comContacts : Investor relationsHugo SoussanTel. +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86h.soussan@ exail-technologies.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72apetureaux@actus.fr Media relationsManon ClairetTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr[1] The Q1 2023 revenue presented in this table is €0.6 million higher than the Q1 2023 revenue published last year due to retrospective changes under IFRS 3R standard.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mmtxYJeZaGrJnZydl52XamJnZpdqxGLGaGOXmGieZZrGbp9gm25oZ8XLZnFml2xt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85277-cp_exail-technologies_ca-t1-2024_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.22,0.16,True,English,"['1st quarter 2024 activity', 'Exail Technologies', '+40% order intake', '+16% revenue', 'production capacity expansion efforts', 'The Advanced Technologies segment', 'EDF Renewable Energy', 'new Astrix-NS unit', 'strong internal demand', 'autonomous robotic systems', 'Maritime Robotics segment', 'land defense application', 'robust order backlog', 'several major contracts', 'significant order backlog', 'Inertial unit deliveries', 'drone mapping applications', 'strong commercial momentum', 'underwater robotics programs', 'additional service sales', 'two new orders', 'inertial navigation units', '1,000 inertial units', 'strong momentum', 'civil maritime', 'main segment', 'Order intake', 'major player', 'several navies', 'significant potential', 'mapping missions', 'growing demand', 'multi-year contracts', 'naval defense', 'production facilities', 'underwater vehicles', 'New Space', 'positioning systems', 'Exail Technologies', 'intra-group eliminations', 'limited presence', 'notable achievements', 'compact models', 'Asian actors', 'innovative product', 'satellite constellations', 'price increases', 'existing customers', 'mine warfare', 'good level', 'driving sectors', 'previous quarters', 'laser-based communications', 'physical measurements', 'board equipment', 'ongoing tender', 'technical teams', 'other processes', 'ongoing offers', 'Middle East', 'existing programs', 'Belgian-Dutch program', 'existing clients', 'external clients', 'optical components', 'positive trend', 'growing axis', 'Commercial activity', 'new applications', 'additional revenue', 'first quarter', 'same quarter', 'underwater drones', 'naval sector', 'space sector', 'navigation systems', 'largest contract', 'Western Europe', '2024 fiscal year', 'recurring orders', 'Exail teams', 'satisfactory revenue', 'Consolidated revenues', 'historical markets', 'maintenance operations', 'Paris', '24 April', '18h', 'growth', 'decision', 'majority', 'activities', 'Q1', 'Structure', 'period', 'dynamism', 'breakthroughs', 'development', 'ships', 'company', 'history', 'field', 'devices', 'January', 'beginning', 'European', 'features', 'aeronautics', 'disappointment', 'Australia', 'cancellation', 'tens', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'euros', 'progress', 'contribution', 'services', 'example', 'operators', 'DriX', 'NOOA', 'success', 'result', 'initiatives', 'products', 'Outlook', 'consistent', '€']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORVIA-EX-FAURECIA-4647/news/FORVIA-TO-OFFER-AN-ADDITIONAL-200-MILLION-OF-5-500-SENIOR-NOTES-DUE-2031-AIMING-TO-PARTIALLY-REF-46512376/,FORVIA TO OFFER AN ADDITIONAL 200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 AIMING TO PARTIALLY REFINANCE ITS 7.250% 2026 BONDS,(marketscreener.com) Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan NANTERRE APRIL 24  2024 FORVIA TO OFFER AN ADDITIONAL €200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 AIMING TO PARTIALLY REFINANCE ITS 7.250% 202…,"Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or JapanNANTERRE (FRANCE)APRIL 24  2024FORVIA TO OFFER AN ADDITIONAL €200 MILLION OF 5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 AIMING TO PARTIALLY REFINANCE ITS 7.250% 2026 BONDSFORVIA has announced today that it will make an offering of €200 million of 5.500% senior notes due 2031 (the “New Notes”) which will be consolidated with and form a single series with the €500 million 5.500% Senior Notes due 2031 issued on 11 March 2024 (ISIN Code: XS2774392638) after the expiry of a 40-days distribution compliance period. The completion of the offering of the New Notes is subject to market conditions.FORVIA intends to use the proceeds of the offering of the New Notes to fund the repurchase in part of FORVIA’s 7.250% sustainability-linked notes due 2026 (the “Existing Notes”) in a cash tender offer (the “Tender Offer”). The Tender Offer was launched today and remains subject to conditions  such as the completion of the offering of the New Notes. FORVIA plans to repurchase the Existing Notes in an amount up to the principal amount of the New Notes. The final amount of Existing Notes accepted in the Tender Offer will be subject to the final amounts of tenders received.In addition  if  in FORVIA’s discretion  substantial proceeds remain  FORVIA intends to use such remaining proceeds to partially redeem the Existing Notes (the “Redemption”). FORVIA today issued a conditional notice of the Redemption to holders of the Existing Notes. The Redemption is subject to the completion of the offering of the New Notes and the completion of the Tender Offer with the principal amount of the Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted therein being substantially less than the principal amount of the New Notes issued.PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS Christophe MALBRANQUEGroup Media Relations Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.com Marc MAILLETGroup Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations Officer+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYGroup Deputy Investor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 26 89 33 69sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With close to 260 industrial sites and 78 R&D centers  153 000 people  including 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of six Business Groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 13 400 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group recorded consolidated sales above 27 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comIMPORTANT NOTICEThis document is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The notes being offered by Forvia (the ""Notes"") may not be sold in the United States unless they are registered under the Securities Act or are exempt from registration. The offering of Notes described in this announcement has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and accordingly any offer or sale of Notes may be made only in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.Nothing herein shall be construed as an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell or buy any notes  including the Existing Notes. Nothing herein constitutes a notice of redemption for the Existing Notes.It may be unlawful to distribute this document in certain jurisdictions. This document is not for distribution in Canada  Japan or Australia. The information in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Canada  Japan or Australia.Promotion of the Notes in the United Kingdom is restricted by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)  and accordingly  the Notes are not being promoted to the general public in the United Kingdom. This announcement is directed solely at (i) persons located outside the United Kingdom  (ii) persons with professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order and (iv) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”)) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Issuer or any member of its group may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons in (i) – (iv) above being “relevant persons”). Any investment activity to which this announcement relates will only be available to and will only be engaged with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation EU 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or an offer to the public.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) or an offer to the public.MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only/No PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (MIFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in EEA.MiFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No UK PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (UK MIFIR product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the UK.Neither the content of Forvia’s website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on Forvia’s website is incorporated in  or forms part of  this announcement. The distribution of this announcement into any jurisdiction may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.No money  securities or other consideration is being solicited  and  if sent in response to the information contained herein  no money  securities or other consideration will be accepted.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['PARTIALLY REFINANCE ITS', 'ADDITIONAL 200 MILLION', '5.500% SENIOR NOTES', 'FORVIA', 'BONDS', 'Iria MONTOUTO Group Media Relations Officer', 'Christophe MALBRANQUE Group Media Relations Director', '7th global automotive technology supplier', 'Deputy Investor Relations Director', 'high net worth entities', 'Sébastien LEROY Group', '40-days distribution compliance period', 'Marc MAILLET Group Head', '78 R&D centers', '15,000 R&D engineers', 'six Business Groups', 'strong IP portfolio', 'Euronext Paris market', 'FRVIA mnemonic code', 'CAC SBT 1.5° indices', 'cash tender offer', 'The Tender Offer', '€500 million 5.500% Senior Notes', 'automotive challenges', 'complementary technology', 'ISIN Code', 'CAC Next 20', 'United States', 'PARTIALLY REFINANCE', 'single series', 'market conditions', 'final amounts', 'PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'mobility experiences', 'industrial strengths', '260 industrial sites', '40+ countries', 'comprehensive approach', 'preferred innovation', 'integration partner', '27 billion euros', 'change maker', 'mobility transformation', 'United Kingdom', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'general public', 'professional experience', 'investment activity', 'principal amount', 'New Notes', '7.250% sustainability-linked notes', 'Existing Notes', 'The Redemption', 'substantial proceeds', 'remaining proceeds', 'conditional notice', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'Securities Act', 'registration requirements', 'Financial Promotion', 'other persons', 'FORVIA SE', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'APRIL', 'ADDITIONAL €', '2026 BONDS', 'offering', '11 March', 'expiry', 'completion', 'repurchase', 'tenders', 'discretion', 'holders', 'sebastien', 'mission', 'people', 'Faurecia', 'HELLA', 'unique', 'today', 'tomorrow', '13,400 patents', 'OEMS', 'sales', 'component', 'document', 'announcement', 'transaction', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'jurisdictions', 'information', 'FSMA', 'matters', 'investments', 'Article', 'Order', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'meaning', 'section', 'connection', 'issue']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-postpones-its-annual-general-meeting-of-the-shareholders-and-provides-temporary-non-audited-46509729/,BioSenic postpones its annual general meeting of the shareholders and provides temporary non-audited financial figures for 2023,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE - PRIVILEGED INFORMATION In view of the restructuring plan announced on April 11  2024  BioSenic has decided to postpone the publication of its 2023 annual report as well as its annual general meeting of shareholders  so tha…,"PRESS RELEASE - PRIVILEGED INFORMATIONIn view of the restructuring plan announced on April 11  2024  BioSenic has decided to postpone the publication of its 2023 annual report as well as its annual general meeting of shareholders  so that the Enterprise Court of Nivelles can make a decision before the completion of the annual formalities. The Company believes that this postponement is preferable to ensure that the financial statements can be prepared on a going concern basis.Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  24 April 2024  7:00 am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical-stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases  today announces the postponing of the publication of its 2023 annual report  as well as the annual general meeting of its shareholders  so that the Enterprise Court of Nivelles can provide a decision before the closing of the annual formalities.In light of the above  the publication of the full year results and the 2023 annual report is postponed to Thursday 6 June 2024 and the annual general meeting to Thursday 12 July 2024. The financial calendar on the company's website will be adapted in consequence. BioSenic can however not exclude to postpone further if circumstances oblige.Regarding the key financial figures in 2023  the total operating income amounted to € 0.54 million  which is a slight increase compared to the same period in 2022 (i.e.  € 0.27 million). The operating loss for the 2023 period amounted to € 6.36 million  compared to € 2.32 million in the 2022 period. BioSenic ended 2023 with € 0.12 million in cash and cash equivalents. Net cash used for the 2023 period amounted to € 1.73 million  while the cash position in 2022 increased of € 1.09 million. It should be noted that the financial figures reflected in the present press release are not yet audited.François Rieger  PhD  President of the Board and CEO of the BioSenic Group  said: ""BioSenic is in the process of finalizing the details of its restructuring plan to be submitted to the Enterprise Court of Nivelles. In order to offer a valid continuity perspective to all shareholders  we have agreed to wait for the Court's decision and to publish in due course - as soon as possible - the annual data and analyses necessary to fully inform the market. We should then be able to work most efficiently on the core of our mission  which is to address unmet medical needs in the autoimmune field""About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from its Medsenic’s arsenic trioxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the autoimmune platform include graft-versus-host-disease (GvHD)  systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  and now systemic sclerosis (SSc).Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combined the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger specifically enables Medsenic/Biosenic to develop an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/oral ATO (OATO).BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About the main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platformThe ATO platform provides derived active products with immunomodulatory properties and fundamental effects on the activated cells of the immune system. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. cGvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT).Medsenic has been successful in a phase 2 trial with its intravenous formulation  Arscimed®  which has orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA. The company is heading towards an international phase 3 confirmatory study  with its new  IP-protected  OATO formulation. Another selected target is moderate-to-severe forms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae  and the gastrointestinal tract). Systemic sclerosis is now full part of the clinical pipeline of Medsenic/BioSenic. This serious chronic disease badly affects skin  lungs  or vascularization  and has no current effective treatment. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive  giving good grounds to launch a phase 2 clinical protocol  using new immunomodulatory formulations of APIs recognized to be active on the immune system.The company is currently focusing its present R&D and clinical activities on a selective  accelerated development of its autoimmune platform.Note: The allogeneic cell therapy platform-originating from the previous listed company Bone Therapeutics company  may be of renewed interest by using isolated and purified differentiated bone marrow Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) as a starting material for further isolation of passive or active biological subcellular elements. Indeed  these cells may provide new subcellular vesicles potentially able to deliver a unique and proprietary approach to organ repair. BioSenic is now involved in determining new patentable approaches in this complex area of cell therapy.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  CEOTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsMichelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685michelle@ibcomms.agencyCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the company or  as appropriate  the company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,mixed,0.27,0.28,0.45,True,English,"['temporary non-audited financial figures', 'annual general meeting', 'BioSenic', 'shareholders', 'purified differentiated bone marrow Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'orphan drug designation status', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'international phase 3 confirmatory study', 'main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platform', 'new, IP-protected, OATO formulation', 'going concern basis', 'François Rieger', 'valid continuity perspective', 'unmet medical needs', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'One direct application', 'several affected organs', 'current effective treatment', 'pertinent animal models', 'present R&D', 'full year results', 'total operating income', 'systemic lupus erythematosus', 'same oral formulation', 'Bone Therapeutics company', 'phase 2 clinical protocol', 'annual general meeting', 'present press release', 'leading biotech company', 'Key target indications', 'serious chronic disease', 'selective, accelerated development', 'previous listed company', 'significant clinical efficacy', 'new immunomodulatory formulations', 'key financial figures', 'The ATO platform', 'activated cells', 'new arsenal', 'phase 2 trial', 'intravenous formulation', 'ATO) platform', 'autoimmune platform', 'The Company', 'serious autoimmune', 'operating loss', 'systemic sclerosis', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'significant complications', 'full part', 'clinical assets', 'clinical pipeline', 'clinical activities', '2023 annual report', 'annual formalities', 'annual data', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'financial statements', 'financial calendar', 'PRIVILEGED INFORMATION', 'restructuring plan', 'Euronext Brussels', 'clinical-stage company', 'inflammatory diseases', 'Thursday 6 June', 'Thursday 12 July', 'slight increase', 'due course', 'autoimmune field', 'arsenic trioxide', 'strategic positionings', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'ATO/oral ATO', 'Further information', 'active products', 'fundamental effects', 'immune system', 'long-term survival', 'severe forms', 'good safety', 'gastrointestinal tract', 'Preclinical studies', 'good grounds', 'Enterprise Court', 'same period', 'cash equivalents', 'Net cash', 'cash position', 'BioSenic Group', '2023 period', '2022 period', 'view', 'April', 'publication', 'shareholders', 'Nivelles', 'decision', 'completion', 'postponement', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'Paris', 'postponing', 'closing', 'website', 'consequence', 'circumstances', 'PhD', 'President', 'Board', 'CEO', 'process', 'details', 'order', 'analyses', 'market', 'core', 'mission', 'host-disease', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'derived', 'use', 'onco-immunology', 'common', 'HSCT', 'Arscimed', 'FDA', 'skin', 'mucosae', 'lungs', 'vascularization', 'APIs', 'Note', 'interest', 'isolated', 'MSCs', '7:00']",2024-04-24,2024-04-25,marketscreener.com
39875,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/genfit-publication-2024-extra-financial-201000955.html,GENFIT: Publication of the 2024 Extra-Financial Performance Report (fiscal year 2023),April 25  2024 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases  today announced the publication of its 2024 Extra-Financial Performance Report (fiscal year 2023).,"Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  USA)  Zurich (Switzerland)  April 25  2024 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases  today announced the publication of its 2024 Extra-Financial Performance Report (fiscal year 2023).Third edition of the Extra-Financial Performance reportSince 2022  GENFIT has published a detailed Extra-Financial Performance report in response to the growing interest of institutional and individual shareholders  financial analysts  analysts specializing in corporate social responsibility (CSR) issues  company employees and candidates wishing to join the Company  industrial and strategic partners  and public institutions. The Company is also preparing for the application of new or draft European standards relating to non-financial disclosures.1 The 2024 report (fiscal year 2023) is available on GENFIT's website.Pascal Prigent  Chief Executive Officer of GENFIT  commented:""GENFIT's commitment to the principles of social responsibility is more than a question of ethics  it's a conviction deeply rooted in our corporate culture. The ESG Committee  established by our Board of Directors in 2021  monitors an annual action plan that clearly defines our ambition through the implementation of tangible initiatives  the adoption of engaging policies and the tracking of performance indicators aligned with our key issues. The implementation of our CSR strategy is a priority that is regularly monitored by the Executive Committee. Through our first double materiality analysis formally conducted with Euronext Corporate Services at the end of 2023  we have not only strengthened our engagement with our stakeholders  but we have also begun laying the foundation for our future disclosure requirements under the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive  which will be applicable to us a few years down the line.""2023 review and 2024 outlookThe work in CSR carried out by GENFIT and its transparency in its communications since 2021 have  again  been recognized this year by the independent rating agencies  which acknowledged our significant progress in terms of extra-financial performance  with a gold medal awarded by Ethifinance (Gaïa report) in 2023  a ""Prime C+"" status granted by ISS and a ""best-in-class"" classification by ODDO Research. GENFIT counts among its shareholders a social impact fund  classified as Article 9 under the European SFDR (Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation). This social impact fund has been awarded the ""Relance"" label and is a candidate for the ""Socially Responsible Investment"" label. Lastly  GENFIT was selected in the ""Governance"" category by the LEEM (Les Entreprises du Médicament) as part of its CSR awards.Story continuesRegarding our ambitious 2023 roadmap  we have successfully executed this in alignment with the plan crafted by the ESG Committee. The 2024 roadmap seamlessly extends this strategic direction.ABOUT OUR CSR COMMITMENTOur commitment is driven  above all  from our determination to act as a socially responsible company. As a biopharmaceutical company  this commitment goes beyond our core activity whose purpose it is to respond to the societal need of developing innovative  effective and safe therapeutic solutions for patients suffering from rare and severe liver diseases with a high unmet medical need. This is aligned with the third Sustainable Development Goal of the United Nations.GENFIT recognizes that there is a correlation between its long-term financial performance and its extra-financial performance in that the societal impact of its research and development programs  as well as its rigorous governance practices (particularly in relation to the demands of the relevant health authorities and financial market regulators)  the social impact of its activity  and its low environmental footprint  could create meaningful long-term value for patients  healthcare systems  employees and shareholders  and assure the Company’s growth and long-term future.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases whose medical needs remain largely unmet. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and a solid scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT has built up a diversified and rapidly expanding R&D portfolio of programs at various stages of development. The Company focuses on Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF). Its ACLF franchise includes five assets under development: VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015  CLM-022 and VS-02-HE  based on complementary mechanisms of action using different routes of administration. Other active ingredients target other serious diseases  such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD) and organic acidemia (OA). GENFIT's expertise in the development of high-potential molecules from early to advanced stages  and in pre-commercialization  was demonstrated with the success of the 52-week Phase 3 ELATIVE® study evaluating elafibranor in Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapies  GENFIT also has a diagnostic franchise including NIS2+® in Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH  formerly known as NASH for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis) and TS-01 focusing on blood ammonia levels. GENFIT is headquartered in Lille  France and has offices in Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). The Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  Compartment B (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  Ipsen became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders  acquiring an 8% stake in the Company's capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements about GENFIT  including within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  such as ""believe""  ""potential""  ""expect""  ""should""  ""could""  ""if"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that its projections are based on management's reasonable assumptions and expectations  such forward-looking statements may be affected by a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in  or implied or projected by  such forward-looking statements. These contingencies and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in research and development and GENFIT’s extra-financial performance. These hazards and uncertainties also include those discussed in chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Internal Control"" of the Company's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on April 5  2024 (no. D.24-0246) with the Autorité des marchés financiers (""AMF"")  which is available on GENFIT's website (www.genfit.fr) and the AMF's website (www.amf.org)  and those discussed in the public documents and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Form 20-F filed with the SEC on the same date. Moreover  even if the results  performance  financial position and liquidity of the Company and the development of the industry sector in which it operates are in line with such forward-looking statements  they cannot be predictive of future results or developments. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Subject to applicable regulations  the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this press release  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsInvestor Relations | Tel : +33 3 20 16 40 00 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaBruno ARABIAN - Ulysse Communication | Tel : 06 87 88 47 26 | barabian@ulysse-communication.comStephanie BOYER - GENFIT | Tel : 03 20 16 40 00 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1. Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD)Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.35,0.28,True,English,"['2024 Extra-Financial Performance Report', 'fiscal year', 'GENFIT', 'Publication', 'Les Entreprises du Médicament', 'European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'first double materiality analysis', 'expanding R&D portfolio', 'Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation', 'high unmet medical need', 'rare, life-threatening liver diseases', 'third Sustainable Development Goal', 'detailed Extra-Financial Performance report', 'severe liver diseases', 'other serious diseases', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'draft European standards', 'future disclosure requirements', 'independent rating agencies', 'Prime C+"" status', 'safe therapeutic solutions', 'relevant health authorities', 'low environmental footprint', 'solid scientific heritage', 'Other active ingredients', 'urea cycle disorder', 'Gaïa report', 'meaningful long-term value', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'rigorous governance practices', 'financial market regulators', 'liver disease research', 'corporate social responsibility', '2024 Extra-Financial Performance Report', 'Euronext Corporate Services', 'social impact fund', 'Responsible Investment"" label', 'long-term financial performance', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'The ESG Committee', 'annual action plan', 'European SFDR', 'corporate culture', 'long-term future', 'Third edition', 'societal need', 'medical needs', 'Executive Committee', 'performance indicators', 'financial disclosures', 'Relance"" label', 'Governance"" category', 'societal impact', 'responsible company', 'The 2024 roadmap', 'The Company', 'fiscal year', 'growing interest', 'financial analysts', 'strategic partners', 'public institutions', 'Pascal Prigent', 'tangible initiatives', 'engaging policies', 'key issues', 'significant progress', 'gold medal', 'ODDO Research', 'ambitious 2023 roadmap', 'strategic direction', 'United Nations', 'healthcare systems', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'various stages', 'five assets', 'complementary mechanisms', 'different routes', 'organic acidemia', 'high-potential molecules', 'early to', 'advanced stages', 'CSR) issues', 'CSR strategy', 'CSR awards', 'core activity', 'ACLF franchise', 'company employees', 'individual shareholders', 'development programs', 'CSR COMMITMENT', '2024 report', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'USA', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'GENFIT', 'Nasdaq', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'publication', 'response', 'institutional', 'candidates', 'industrial', 'application', 'new', 'website', 'principles', 'question', 'ethics', 'conviction', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ambition', 'implementation', 'adoption', 'tracking', 'priority', 'engagement', 'stakeholders', 'foundation', 'line', '2023 review', '2024 outlook', 'work', 'transparency', 'communications', 'terms', 'Ethifinance', 'class', 'Article', 'LEEM', 'alignment', 'determination', 'socially', 'purpose', 'effective', 'correlation', 'demands', 'growth', 'pioneer', 'diversified', 'VS-01', 'NTZ', 'SRT', 'administration', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'expertise', 'pre-commercialization']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
39876,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/vantiva-appointment-katleen-vandeweyer-lead-183100304.html,Vantiva: Appointment of Katleen Vandeweyer as new Lead Independent Director of the Board of Directors,Appointment of Katleen Vandeweyeras new Lead Independent Director of the Board of Directorsand presentation of the new composition of its Committees. Paris – April 25  2024 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI) today announced that Katleen Vandeweyer has been named the Lead Independent Director of the Vantiva Board of Directors following a recommendation from the Governance & Corporate Responsibility Committee at the Vantiva Board Meeting on April 24 ,VantivaPress ReleaseVantiva: Appointment of Katleen Vandeweyeras new Lead Independent Director of the Board of Directorsand presentation of the new composition of its Committees.Paris – April 25  2024 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI) today announced that Katleen Vandeweyer has been named the Lead Independent Director of the Vantiva Board of Directors following a recommendation from the Governance & Corporate Responsibility Committee at the Vantiva Board Meeting on April 24  2024. Vandeweyer replaces Dominique D’Hinnin  who resigned from his position on April 5 in accordance with the rules governing multiple directorships. Vandeweyer was also appointed to replace D’Hinnin as Vice-Chairperson of the Board.ADVERTISEMENT“I would like to sincerely thank Dominique D’Hinnin for his significant contributions to the Vantiva Board and wish him the best in all future endeavors ” said Brian Shearer  Chairperson of Vantiva’s Board of Directors. “Katleen Vandeweyer is a highly accomplished and competent executive and board director  and we look forward to her leadership role as Lead Independent Director of Vantiva.”Following the acquisition of CommScope in January 2024  Dominique D'Hinnin’s departure  and the recent arrival of new directors  Vantiva's Board of Directors has presented the new composition of its Committees:The Audit Committee is chaired by Katleen Vandeweyer  Independent Director. It includes two independent members  Karine Brunet and Thierry Sommelet  and two non-independent members  Krista Bowen (CommScope Holding Company) and Marc Vogeleisen.The Governance & Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is chaired by Independent Director Thierry Sommelet. It also includes two independent members  Katleen Vandeweyer and Laurence Lafont  and one non-independent member  Brian Shearer.The Remuneration & Talent Committee is chaired by Independent Director Laurence Lafont  and includes one independent member  Karine Brunet  and one non-independent member  Loïc Desmouceaux.Story continuesAbout VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Following the acquisition of CommScope’s Home Networks in January 2024  Vantiva continues its 130-year legacy as a global leader in the connected home market.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Press Relations Thatcher+Co. for Vantivapress.relations@vantiva.com vantiva@thatcherandco.comAttachment,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['new Lead Independent Director', 'Katleen Vandeweyer', 'Vantiva', 'Appointment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Corporate Social Responsibility Committee', 'Vantiva Press Relations Thatcher', 'new Lead Independent Director', 'Corporate Responsibility Committee', 'two non-independent members', 'one non-independent member', 'Loïc Desmouceaux', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'two independent members', 'one independent member', 'Dominique D’Hinnin', ""Dominique D'Hinnin"", 'The Audit Committee', 'global technology leader', 'Press Release Vantiva', 'connected home market', 'CommScope Holding Company', 'Vantiva Board Meeting', 'independent company', 'Talent Committee', 'global leader', 'new composition', 'regulated market', 'The Remuneration', 'board director', 'multiple directorships', 'significant contributions', 'future endeavors', 'Brian Shearer', 'competent executive', 'leadership role', 'recent arrival', 'Karine Brunet', 'Thierry Sommelet', 'Krista Bowen', 'Marc Vogeleisen', 'Laurence Lafont', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'entertainment industry', 'Home Networks', '130-year legacy', 'highest standards', 'The Governance', 'Katleen Vandeweyer', 'new directors', 'Euronext Paris', 'Vantiva shares', 'end solutions', 'Appointment', 'presentation', 'Committees', 'April', 'recommendation', 'accordance', 'rules', 'Vice-Chairperson', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'accomplished', 'acquisition', 'January', 'departure', 'Story', 'Edge', 'Technicolor', 'France', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'operations', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'group', 'relationships', 'film', '100 years', 'clients', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'thatcherandco', 'Attachment']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,uk.finance.yahoo.com
39877,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/drupa-2024-quadient-showcase-newest-154500464.html,Drupa 2024: Quadient to Showcase Newest  Most Advanced Cloud Software  Mailing and Shipping Solutions,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced it will showcase its newest  most advanced mailing and shipping systems ,QUADIENTQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced it will showcase its newest  most advanced mailing and shipping systems  combined with powerful software and the latest technology in direct printing at drupa 2024   one of the world’s largest trade fairs for the mailing and shipping industry. The event runs from May 28 to June 7 in Düsseldorf  Germany  and will bring together print service providers  IT experts and other print and digital communication professionals from around the world.Quadient will unveil its “Mailtropolis of Tomorrow” in Hall 6  Booth 6F30  offering a bustling network of high-volume mail processing systems and integrated digital communication channels designed and engineered to turn a mailroom into a hub of operational excellence. Visitors will be able to see Quadient’s flagship folder inserter system  the DS-1200   the new DS-700 iQ   as well as its most advanced mailing system  recently launched in the UK  the iX-9 series . Quadient will also be presenting its advanced software solutions  such as the Automated Document Management System (AIMS)   the cloud-based Quadient Impress platform  and the high-performance SaaS customer communications management (CCM) solution Inspire Evolve .At the show  Quadient will also be introducing the new MACH 9DS full-color dynamic envelope printing solution designed to run in line with Quadient production inserters. More than just a printer  the MACH 9DS technology system offers an automated color inkjet print engine  a powerful PC and an intelligent software management system.ADVERTISEMENT“Quadient is not just adapting to the future of mail but  rather  actively building it  developing advanced  integrated  scalable and sustainable mailing solutions—like a metropolis symbolizes a hub of activity  growth and forward thinking ” said Alain Fairise  chief solution officer  Mail Related Solutions at Quadient. “By continuing to invest in our mail solutions  we guarantee our customers always have access to the latest and most advanced technology that shapes the future of the mailing and shipping industry  integrated with digital communications.”Story continuesWith a global customer base of over 400 000 businesses  Quadient’s comprehensive portfolio of solutions is accelerating digital transformation for companies of all sizes  from small and medium businesses to international enterprises. Quadient’s advanced cloud software and mailing and shipping solutions are modernizing operations and enhancing interactions with customers in an increasingly digital landscape. To book an individual appointment with Quadient at drupa  visit https://smartmail.quadient.com/drupa-UKI .About QuadientQuadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com .ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager VP of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Newest, Most Advanced Cloud Software', 'Shipping Solutions', 'Drupa', 'Quadient', 'Mailing', 'new MACH 9DS full-color dynamic envelope printing solution', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager', 'automated color inkjet print engine', 'high-performance SaaS customer communications management', 'MACH 9DS technology system', 'CCM) solution Inspire Evolve', 'three key solution areas', 'Automated Document Management System', 'flagship folder inserter system', 'intelligent software management system', 'high-volume mail processing systems', 'cloud-based Quadient Impress platform', 'newest, most advanced mailing', 'integrated digital communication channels', 'new DS-700 iQ', 'global customer base', 'chief solution officer', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'advanced, integrated, scalable', 'meaningful customer connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'print service providers', 'largest trade fairs', 'advanced cloud software', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'advanced mailing system', 'customer experience excellence', 'digital communication professionals', 'advanced software solutions', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Mail Related Solutions', 'sustainable mailing solutions', 'Quadient production inserters', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'direct printing', 'advanced technology', 'other print', 'physical channels', 'shipping systems', 'powerful software', 'digital communications', 'mail solutions', 'operational excellence', 'shipping solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'digital transformation', 'digital landscape', 'latest technology', 'Euronext Paris', 'shipping industry', 'Düsseldorf', 'IT experts', 'bustling network', 'iX-9 series', 'powerful PC', 'forward thinking', 'Alain Fairise', 'comprehensive portfolio', 'international enterprises', 'individual appointment', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Joe Scolaro', 'medium businesses', '400,000 businesses', 'QDT', 'leader', 'drupa', 'world', 'event', 'May', 'June', 'Germany', 'Mailtropolis', 'Tomorrow', 'Hall', 'Booth', 'mailroom', 'hub', 'Visitors', 'DS-1200', 'UK', 'AIMS', 'show', 'line', 'printer', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'future', 'metropolis', 'activity', 'growth', 'customers', 'access', 'Story', 'companies', 'sizes', 'small', 'operations', 'interactions', 'smartmail', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'Media', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,uk.finance.yahoo.com
39878,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/crossject-reports-audited-financial-results-for-2023-1033285874,Crossject reports audited financial results for 2023,Crossject’s financial results for the year ending December 31  2023 have now been fully audited with a minor change of -0.17 M€ compared to the previous report  released on March 29 and available here.,Dijon  France April 25  2024 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharmaceuticals company developing products for emergency situations harnessing its proprietary needle-free auto-injectors technology platform ZENEO®  reports its audited financial results for the year ending December 31  2023. These results are now available on the Company’s website.Key financial information as of December 31  2023Crossject’s financial results for the year ending December 31  2023 have now been fully audited with a minor change of -0.17 M€ compared to the previous report  released on March 29 and available here.All reports relating to financials for the year 2023 will be available on the Crossject website from April 30 and are also presented in the appendices below.The table below summarizes our income statement for the years ending 31 December 2023 and 2022:€ thousands  as of 31 December 2023 2022 Operating income 12 826 9 718 Operating expenses -24 626 -23 005 Purchase of raw material and supplies -1 595 -498 Other purchases and external expenses -8 869 -8 116 Personal expenses -7 713 -7 424 Taxes and duties -267 -176 Depreciation  amortisation and provision -5 688 -6 358 Other expenses -494 -433 Operating profit/loss -11 800 -13 288 Financial income/expense -497 -319 Exceptional income/expense 791 228 Corporate tax 2 867 2 222 Net profit/loss -8 638 -11 157About CrossjectCrossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com ) is an emerging specialty pharma company developing products for emergencies harnessing its proprietary needle-free auto-injector technology ZENEO. It is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). ZEPIZURE® is based on the Company’s award-winning needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®  designed to enable patients and untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver emergency medication via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include rescue therapies for allergic shocks  adrenal insufficiencies  opioid overdose and asthma attacks.For further information  please contact:InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comAPPENDICESINCOME STATEMENT (in K€) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 VARIATION Revenue 145 954 -809 Stored production 591 348 243 Capitalised production 3 594 6 104 -2 510 Subsidies 133 5 128 Reversals of provisions and transfers of expenses 2 632 445 2 187 Other income 6 231 1 861 4 370 Operating income 13 326 9 717 3 609 Purchases of raw materials and other supplies 1 625 1 002 623 Change in inventory (raw materials and other supplies) -29 -505 476 Other purchases and external expenses 8 869 8 115 754 Taxes and duties 267 177 90 Personnel expenses 7 714 7 425 289 Depreciation  amortisation 4 504 5 263 -759 Other provisions 1 682 1 095 587 Other expenses 494 433 61 Operating expenses 25 126 23 005 2 121 Operating profit/loss -11 800 -13 288 1 488 Financial income/expense -497 -319 -178 Exceptional income/expense 791 228 563 Research Tax Credit 2 867 2 222 645 Net profit/loss -8 638 -11 157 2 519BALANCE SHEET - LIABILITIES (in k€) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 VARIATION CAPITAUX PROPRES Capital 3 676 3 652 24 Share premium 785 18 312 -17 527 Retained earnings -1 757 -8 786 7 029 Profit/loss for the year -8 638 -11 157 2 519 Investment subsidies 665 665 0 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EUITY -5 269 2 686 -7 955 Conditional advances 7 060 7 476 -416 Provision for contingencies and charges 694 1 420 -726 BORROWINGS AND DEBT Bonds 18 355 -337 Loans 16 171 11 048 5 123 Miscellaneous 2 732 2 722 10 Debts - Trade payables 4 323 3 523 800 Total tax ans social security liabilities 2 149 1 833 316 Debts on fixed assets 82 1 764 -1 682 Deffered income 681 32 649 TOTAL DEBT 26 156 21 277 4 879 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 28 641 32 859 -4 218BALANCE SHEET - ASSETS (in K€) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 VARIATION FIXED ASSETS R&D 10 730 10 691 39 Patent and Trademarks 0 0 0 Other intangible assets 0 0 0 Land 14 89 -75 Property  plant and equipment 2 736 5 085 -2 350 Assets under construction 2 942 2 492 450 Financial assets 1 544 672 872 TOTAL FIXED ASSETS 17 966 19 029 -1 064 CURRENT ASSETS Raw materials  other supplies 1 649 1 416 232 6 Work in process 1 485 588 897 Advances ans prepayments received on order in progress 187 345 -158 Trade and related receivables 2 079 726 1353 State and other reveivables 2 512 2 450 62 Marketable securities 0 0 0 Available cash 2 304 7 769 -5465 Prepaid / deferred expenses 459 536 -76 6 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 10 675 13 830 -3 155 TOTAL ASSETS 28 641 32 859 -4 219BALANCE SHEET - LIABILITIES (in k€) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 VARIATION CAPITAUX PROPRES Capital 3 676 3 652 24 Share premium 785 18 312 -17 527 Regulated reserve 0 0 0 Retained earnings -1 757 -8 786 7 029 Profit/loss for the year -8 638 -11 157 2 519 Investment subsidies 665 665 0 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EUITY -5 269 2 686 -7 955 Conditional advances 7 060 7 476 -416 Provision for contingencies and charges 694 1 420 -726 BORROWINGS AND DEBT Bonds 18 355 -337 Loans 16 171 11 048 5 123 Miscellaneous 2 732 2 722 10 Debts - Trade payables 4 323 3 523 800 Total tax ans social security liabilities 2 149 1 833 316 Debts on fixed assets 82 1 764 -1 682 Deffered income 681 32 649 TOTAL DEBT 26 156 21 277 4 879 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 28 641 32 859 -4 218 CASH FLOW STATEMENT (IN K€) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Net profit / loss - 8 638 - 11 157 Depreciation  amortisation and provision 3 091 5 705 Capital gains on disposal  net of tax 54 1 Other income and expenses calculated- 28 - 28 Cashflow from operations - 5 521 - 5 479Change in working capital requirements- 680 399 (1) Net cash generated by / (used in) operating activities - 6 201 - 5 080 Acquisition of fixed assets - 6 403 - 6 778 Cession d'immobilisation 3 767 0 (2) Net cash generated by / (used in) investing activities - 2 636 - 6 778 Capital increase 13 4 089 Exercice of warrants 333 3 003 Loans 8 090 4 000 Repayment of borrowings - 3 396 - 969 Debts on fixed assets - 1 682 - 483 (3) Net cash generated by / (used in) financing activities 3 358 9 640 Change in cash and cash equivalents (1)+(2)+(3) - 5 479 - 2 218 Opening Cash position 7 770 9 983 Closing Cash position 2 291 7 770Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Crossject reports', 'financial results', '2023', 'proprietary needle-free auto-injectors technology platform', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'VARIATION FIXED ASSETS R&D', 'proprietary needle-free auto-injector technology', 'VARIATION CAPITAUX PROPRES Capital', 'winning needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®', 'emerging specialty pharma company', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'CURRENT ASSETS Raw materials', 'Research Tax Credit', 'advanced regulatory development', 'specialty pharmaceuticals company', 'epileptic rescue therapy', ""TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EUITY"", 'TOTAL FIXED ASSETS', 'Total tax ans', 'Other intangible assets', 'social security liabilities', 'Key financial information', 'VARIATION Revenue', 'TOTAL ASSETS', 'Corporate tax', 'Financial assets', 'rescue therapies', 'TOTAL DEBT', 'TOTAL EQUITY', 'Advances ans', 'The Company', 'Financial income', 'Other income', 'other reveivables', 'emergency situations', 'previous report', 'income statement', 'Operating income', 'Exceptional income/expense', '$60 million contract', 'Development Authority', 'untrained caregivers', 'emergency medication', 'intramuscular injection', 'bare skin', 'allergic shocks', 'adrenal insufficiencies', 'opioid overdose', 'asthma attacks', 'BALANCE SHEET', '24 Share premium', 'Conditional advances', 'DEBT Bonds', 'Deffered income', 'related receivables', '62 Marketable securities', 'Other expenses', '718 Operating expenses', 'external expenses', 'Personal expenses', 'Personnel expenses', 'deferred expenses', 'other supplies', 'financial results', 'Other purchases', 'Operating profit/loss', 'Net profit/loss', 'Other provisions', 'minor change', '243 Capitalised production', '519 Investment subsidies', 'Trade payables', 'Retained earnings', 'other products', 'Crossject SA', 'Natasha Drapeau', 'Crossject website', '350 Assets', 'ZENEO.', '510 Subsidies', 'Dijon', 'France', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'year', 'December', '0.17 M', 'March', 'reports', 'financials', 'April', 'appendices', 'thousands', 'Taxes', 'duties', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'emergencies', 'ZEPIZURE®', 'BARDA', 'award', 'patients', 'clothing', 'Investors', 'cohesionbureau', 'Media', 'K€', 'Reversals', 'transfers', 'inventory', 'contingencies', 'charges', 'BORROWINGS', '337 Loans', 'Miscellaneous', '10 Debts', '316 Debts', 'Patent', 'Trademarks', 'Land', 'Property', 'plant', 'equipment', 'construction', 'process', 'prepayments', 'order', 'progress', 'cash', 'reserve', '424', '358', '319', '759', '955']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,markets.businessinsider.com
39879,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/flow-traders-q1-2024-trading-053000112.html,Flow Traders Q1 2024 Trading Update,Trading Update Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited Q1 2024 trading update. Highlights Flow Traders recorded Net Trading Income of €127.1m and Total Income of €129.,Flow Traders LtdFlow Traders Q1 2024 Trading UpdateAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited Q1 2024 trading update.HighlightsFlow Traders recorded Net Trading Income of €127.1m and Total Income of €129.6m in Q124  compared to €72.7m and €74.3m  respectively  in Q423  and €110.5m for both in Q123.Flow Traders’ Value Traded increased 7% in Q124 when compared to last quarter and was flat when compared to the same period last year.Total Operating Expenses were €68.5m in Q124  compared to €62.5m in Q423 and €70.3m in Q123  with Fixed Operating Expenses of €43.6m  compared to €40.4m in Q423 and €43.9m in Q123.EBITDA was €61.1m in Q124  generating an EBITDA margin of 47%  compared to €11.8m and 16% in Q423 and €40.2m and 36% in Q123.Net Profit was €45.9m in Q124  yielding a basic EPS of €1.06  compared to €6.4m of Net Profit and €0.15 of basic EPS in Q423 and €27.7m and €0.64 in Q123.Trading capital stood at €609m at the end of Q124 and generated a 52% return on trading capital 1 (84% on an annualized basis)  compared to €583m and 51% in Q423 and €647m and 65% in Q123 .Shareholders’ equity was €631m at the end of Q124  compared to €586m at the end of Q423 and €622m at the end of Q123.Flow Traders employed 633 FTEs at the end of Q124  compared to 646 at the end of Q423 and 667 at the end of Q123.To reduce complexity in financial reporting and adhere to accounting best practices  the reporting of Normalized financials will cease going forward.A conference call with the financial analyst community will be webcasted on Flow Traders’ website today at 10:00 CEST at https://www.flowtraders.com/investors/results-centre.Financial Overview€million Q124 Q423 Change Q124 Q123 Change Net trading income 127.1 72.7 75% 127.1 110.5 15% Other income 2.5 1.6 55% 2.5 - - Total income 129.6 74.3 74% 129.6 110.5 17% Employee expenses 44.5 39.6 12% 44.5 44.9 (1%) Fixed employee expenses 19.6 17.5 12% 19.6 20.0 (2%) Variable employee expenses 24.9 22.1 13% 24.9 24.9 0% Technology expenses 15.8 15.3 3% 15.8 16.6 (5%) Other expenses 8.2 7.6 8% 8.2 7.3 12% One-off expenses2 - - - - 1.5 (100%) Total operating expenses 68.5 62.5 9% 68.5 70.3 (3%) EBITDA 61.1 11.8 418% 61.1 40.2 52% Depreciation / amortisation 4.3 4.2 1% 4.3 5.0 (14%) Write off of (in) tangible assets - - - - - - Profit/(loss) on equity-accounted investments (0.4) (0.1) 193% (0.4) (0.4) (12%) Profit before tax 56.4 7.4 660% 56.4 34.7 62% Tax expense 10.5 1.1 897% 10.5 7.0 50% Net profit 45.9 6.4 621% 45.9 27.7 66% Basic EPS3 (€) 1.06 0.15 615% 1.06 0.64 64% Fully diluted EPS4 (€) 1.04 0.14 630% 1.04 0.62 67% EBITDA margin 47% 16% 47% 36%Value Traded Overview€billion Q124 Q423 Change Q124 Q123 Change Flow Traders Value Traded 1 555 1 450 7% 1 555 1 554 0% Equity 819 762 8% 819 826 (1%) Fixed income 270 289 (7%) 270 348 (23%) Currency  Crypto  Commodity 422 352 20% 422 340 24% Other 44 48 (7%) 44 40 11% Average VIX 13.9 15.4 (10%) 13.9 21.0 (34%)Market EnvironmentEquity trading volumes and volatility remained muted in Q1. While volumes improved slightly compared to last quarter and the same period a year ago  volatility declined slightly in the period vs. last quarter despite a slight bounce back from the lows seen in December and remains significantly below the level seen in the same period a year ago.Fixed income trading volumes improved both on a quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year basis. However  volatility levels were down both on a quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year basis.Crypto saw a significant jump in trading volumes and volatility compared to last quarter and the same period a year ago given the U.S. spot Bitcoin ETF approval in January this year.Story continuesShare Buyback€4.3m worth of shares were repurchased in Q124 as part of the €15m share buyback program announced in October 2022  with €7.6m of the program remaining. A portion of the shares to be repurchased under this program could be allocated to employee incentive plans as needed.OutlookFixed operating expenses guidance for the year remains unchanged and is expected to be in the same range as FY23 as headcount is expected to be flat to down for the year  offset by continued technology investments and inflationary pressures. The firm remains fully focused on operational and cost efficiencies across the business while implementing its growth and diversification strategies and bolstering trading capital.CEO StatementMike Kuehnel  CEO“Flow Traders achieved a strong result in Q1 on the back of elevated trading activity in the digital assets space in the quarter  despite the relatively subdued market trading environment in other asset classes. This quarter serves as further validation of our growth and diversification strategy  given our initial investment in the digital assets space more than seven years ago and our continued investment in the asset class when others quickly left during the downturn merely a year ago. Our steadfast belief in the asset class  and the opportunities it can bring to traditional financial markets is unwavering. We were well prepared for the highly anticipated regulatory approval in the U.S. for spot Bitcoin ETFs that came through at the beginning in the quarter as institutional interest in digital assets continues to grow around the world.Coming to the other areas of our trading capabilities  we have seen a slight increase in activity since the lows seen last December  although volatility is still down significantly when compared to a year ago. Regardless of the environment  we have been enhancing our trading capabilities and counterparty network in existing areas as well as exploring new potential opportunities. In terms of our strategic investments  we are well on track with our Euro-denominated stablecoin joint venture AllUnity with our partners DWS and Galaxy Digital  and in Q1 announced a strategic investment in ClearToken  further underpinning our strategy of investing in connectivity and financial market infrastructure.Looking at our operations  as we continue to focus on cost and operational efficiencies while balancing our key growth initiatives  fixed operating expenses in the quarter came in-line with our expectations. As we continue to execute our growth and diversification strategy and invest in trading capabilities in different asset classes and regions  we believe we can accelerate the growth of the firm with additional trading capital and will look to bolster our trading capital.In addition  we are thrilled to have Owain Lloyd join Flow Traders on 1 May as Chief Technology Officer. Owain brings with him over 20 years of senior leadership experience across traditional finance  market making  and digital assets trading technology and we look forward to his nomination as an Executive Director of the Board at our AGM on 13 June.”Preliminary Financial Calendar13 June 2024 AGM17 June 2024 FY23 final dividend proposed ex-dividend date18 June 2024 FY23 final dividend proposed record date20 June 2024 FY23 final dividend proposed payment date30 June 2024 Start of silent period ahead of H124 results25 July 2024 Release of H123 resultsAnalyst Conference Call and WebcastThe Q124 trading update analyst conference call will be held at 10:00 am CEST on Thursday 25 April 2024. The presentation can be downloaded at https://www.flowtraders.com/investors/results-centre and the conference call can be followed via a listen-only audio webcast. A replay of the conference call will be available on the company website for at least 90 days.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996180Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996125Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.NotesReturn on trading capital defined as LTM NTI divided by end of period trading capital. One-off expenses related to the completed corporate holding structure update and balance sheet review work. Weighted average shares outstanding: Q124 - 43 515 359; Q423 - 43 166 257; Q123 - 43 142 742. Determined by adjusting the basic EPS for the effects of all dilutive share-based payments to employees.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.All results published in this release are unaudited.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.26,0.39,True,English,"['Flow Traders Q1 2024 Trading Update', 'U.S. spot Bitcoin ETF approval', 'Flow Traders Ltd Flow Traders Q1 2024 Trading Update', 'Q423 Change Q124 Q123 Change Flow Traders', 'unaudited Q1 2024 trading update', 'Share Buyback €4.3m worth', '€15m share buyback program', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'subdued market trading environment', 'Fixed operating expenses guidance', 'Fixed income trading volumes', 'Flow Traders’ Value', 'Flow Traders’ website', 'elevated trading activity', 'accounting best practices', 'employee incentive plans', 'Fixed employee expenses', 'digital assets space', 'Total Operating Expenses', 'Variable employee expenses', 'financial analyst community', 'Value Traded Overview', 'traditional financial marke', 'Net Trading Income', 'Equity trading volumes', 'continued technology investments', 'other asset classes', 'Market Environment', 'Trading capital', 'Technology expenses', 'Total Income', 'Financial Overview', 'Other expenses', 'tangible assets', 'Other income', 'equity-accounted investments', 'continued investment', 'Net Profit', 'basic EPS', 'annualized basis', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'financial reporting', 'Normalized financials', 'conference call', 'One-off expenses2', 'Average VIX', 'slight bounce', 'significant jump', 'same range', 'inflationary pressures', 'cost efficiencies', 'diversification strategies', 'Mike Kuehnel', 'strong result', 'diversification strategy', 'initial investment', 'steadfast belief', 'same period', 'EBITDA margin', 'Tax expense', 'Q1.', 'CEO Statement', 'last quarter', 'year basis', 'volatility levels', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Highlights', 'end', '52% return', '633 FTEs', 'complexity', '10:00 CEST', 'flowtraders', 'investors', 'results', 'million', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'EPS4', 'Currency', 'Crypto', 'Commodity', 'lows', 'December', 'January', 'Story', 'shares', 'part', 'October', 'portion', 'Outlook', 'FY23', 'headcount', 'firm', 'operational', 'business', 'growth', 'validation', 'others', 'downturn', 'opportunities']",2024-04-25,2024-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
