UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
34347,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/12/25/berkshire-money-management-inc-trims-stake-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Berkshire Money Management Inc. Trims Stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Berkshire Money Management Inc. reduced its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.7% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. T…,Berkshire Money Management Inc. reduced its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.7% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 25 885 shares of the company’s stock after selling 460 shares during the period. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF comprises 0.6% of Berkshire Money Management Inc.’s portfolio  making the stock its 22nd largest holding. Berkshire Money Management Inc.’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $3 668 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of RSP. Newbridge Financial Services Group Inc. lifted its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 42.4% during the second quarter. Newbridge Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 225 shares of the company’s stock valued at $34 000 after purchasing an additional 67 shares during the last quarter. CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.8% in the 3rd quarter. CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC now owns 8 672 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 104 000 after acquiring an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Chemistry Wealth Management LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.4% in the 2nd quarter. Chemistry Wealth Management LLC now owns 5 173 shares of the company’s stock worth $774 000 after acquiring an additional 71 shares during the last quarter. Tsfg LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.8% in the 2nd quarter. Tsfg LLC now owns 9 111 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 363 000 after acquiring an additional 75 shares during the last quarter. Finally  First National Bank Sioux Falls lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.4% in the 2nd quarter. First National Bank Sioux Falls now owns 17 164 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 568 000 after acquiring an additional 75 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock traded up $0.53 during trading on Monday  hitting $157.01. The stock had a trading volume of 5 749 900 shares  compared to its average volume of 4 881 814. The firm’s fifty day simple moving average is $145.27 and its 200-day simple moving average is $147.03. The stock has a market cap of $44.38 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12 month low of $133.34 and a 12 month high of $158.25.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Berkshire Money Management Inc. Trims', 'Stake', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'First National Bank Sioux Falls', 'Newbridge Financial Services Group Inc.', 'CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC', 'fifty day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'Berkshire Money Management Inc.', 'Chemistry Wealth Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'other hedge funds', 'other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'recent SEC filing', 'daily performance', 'latest 13F filings', 'financial companies', 'Tsfg LLC', 'average volume', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'recent disclosure', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'third quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', '3rd quarter', '2nd quarter', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'Recommended Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 67 shares', 'additional 70 shares', 'additional 71 shares', 'additional 75 shares', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'trading volume', '12 month low', ""analysts' ratings"", '25,885 shares', '460 shares', '225 shares', '8,672 shares', '5,173 shares', '9,111 shares', '17,164 shares', '5,749,900 shares', 'holdings', 'company', 'Securities', 'period', 'portfolio', 'number', 'position', 'Monday', 'firm', 'beta', 'transportation', '0.']",2023-12-25,2023-12-26,etfdailynews.com
34348,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/12/25/romano-brothers-and-company-has-344000-stock-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Romano Brothers AND Company Has $344 000 Stock Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Romano Brothers AND Company reduced its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 12.7% during the 3rd quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2 4…,Romano Brothers AND Company reduced its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 12.7% during the 3rd quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2 420 shares of the company’s stock after selling 352 shares during the quarter. Romano Brothers AND Company’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $344 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 11.1% in the fourth quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 14 772 231 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2 086 578 000 after buying an additional 1 474 149 shares in the last quarter. Bank of America Corp DE boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 2.6% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 12 248 521 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 771 381 000 after buying an additional 309 721 shares in the last quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% in the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 123 859 000 after buying an additional 7 948 942 shares in the last quarter. Truist Financial Corp boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 18.5% in the second quarter. Truist Financial Corp now owns 7 702 229 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 152 562 000 after buying an additional 1 200 101 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at about $1 070 525 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceNYSEARCA:RSP traded up $0.53 during trading hours on Monday  hitting $157.01. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 5 749 900 shares  compared to its average volume of 4 881 814. The stock has a fifty day simple moving average of $145.27 and a 200-day simple moving average of $147.03. The company has a market capitalization of $44.38 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a twelve month low of $133.34 and a twelve month high of $158.25.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.58,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Romano Brothers', '$344,000 Stock Position', 'Company', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd', '200-day simple moving average', 'Several other large investors', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'recent 13F filing', 'America Corp DE', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Truist Financial Corp', 'recent SEC filing', 'twelve month low', 'daily performance', 'average volume', 'Free Report', 'email address', 'financial companies', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Romano Brothers', 'institutional investor', 'Morgan Stanley', 'trading hours', 'trading volume', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'Recommended Stories', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '3rd quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'first quarter', 'second quarter', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 1,474,149 shares', 'additional 309,721 shares', 'additional 1,200,101 shares', 'new stake', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '2,420 shares', '352 shares', '14,772,231 shares', '12,248,521 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '7,948,942 shares', '7,702,229 shares', '5,749,900 shares', 'Company', 'stock', 'Bank', 'Monday', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-12-25,2023-12-26,etfdailynews.com
34349,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/12/25/inscription-capital-llc-grows-stock-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Inscription Capital LLC Grows Stock Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Inscription Capital LLC lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 21.0% in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 7 0…,Inscription Capital LLC lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 21.0% in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 7 098 shares of the company’s stock after purchasing an additional 1 232 shares during the quarter. Inscription Capital LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $1 006 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the third quarter worth approximately $26 000. Bangor Savings Bank acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at $28 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter worth $26 000. Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter worth $28 000. Finally  Oliver Lagore Vanvalin Investment Group purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 1st quarter valued at about $30 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 0.3 %Shares of NYSEARCA RSP traded up $0.53 during midday trading on Monday  hitting $157.01. The company had a trading volume of 5 749 900 shares  compared to its average volume of 4 881 814. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a twelve month low of $133.34 and a twelve month high of $158.25. The business has a 50-day simple moving average of $145.27 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $147.03. The firm has a market capitalization of $44.38 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Inscription Capital LLC', 'Stock Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Oliver Lagore Vanvalin Investment Group', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '50-day simple moving average', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Householder Group Estate', 'Inscription Capital LLC', 'Other large investors', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'twelve month low', 'average volume', 'Free Report', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'recent quarter', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'new position', 'midday trading', 'trading volume', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'second quarter', '2nd quarter', '1st quarter', 'new stake', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 1,232 shares', 'NYSEARCA RSP', '7,098 shares', '5,749,900 shares', 'Securities', 'fund', 'company', 'holdings', 'end', 'Monday', 'business', 'firm', 'price', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-12-25,2023-12-26,etfdailynews.com
34350,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45631299/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -December 25  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Dec 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5569 £ 24.5695 Estimated MTD return 0.40 % 0.47 % Estimated YTD return -0.76 % 0.59 % Estimated ITD return 175.57 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.7550 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6612The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'December', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'Market information', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-12-25,2023-12-26,marketscreener.com
34351,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45631298/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -December 25  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Dec 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5569 £ 24.5695 Estimated MTD return 0.40 % 0.47 % Estimated YTD return -0.76 % 0.59 % Estimated ITD return 175.57 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.7550 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6612The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'December', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'Market information', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-12-25,2023-12-26,marketscreener.com
34352,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/25/2800962/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Dec 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5569 £ 24.5695 Estimated MTD return 0.40 % 0.47 % Estimated YTD return -0.76 % 0.59 % Estimated ITD return 175.57 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.7550 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6612The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-12-25,2023-12-26,globenewswire.com
34353,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/25/2800961/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Dec 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5569 £ 24.5695 Estimated MTD return 0.40 % 0.47 % Estimated YTD return -0.76 % 0.59 % Estimated ITD return 175.57 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.7550 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6612The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-12-25,2023-12-26,globenewswire.com
34354,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MONTEA-NV-34597/news/Montea-Remuneration-Policy-45631844/,Montea : Remuneration Policy -December 25  2023 at 11:04 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   Remuneration policy   1. Introduction and explanation of the important changes   This remuneration policy sets out the principles used by Montea NV for the remuneration of its directors and executive management in accordance wit…,"Remuneration policy 1. Introduction and explanation of the important changes This remuneration policy sets out the principles used by Montea NV (Montea) for the remuneration of its directors and executive management in accordance with article 7:89/1 of the Companies and Associations Code (CAC) and the Belgian Corporate Governance Code 2020 (Code 2020). This policy has been prepared by the board of directors of the statutory director Montea Management NV (referred to hereinafter as the Board of Directors)  based on the recommendations of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The remuneration policy was approved for the first time by Montea's annual general meeting of shareholders of 18 May 2021. The main change in this version compared to the remuneration policy approved at the annual general meeting of shareholders of 2021 is the introduction of the option to introduce a long-term incentive plan in order to meet market demand for a part of the executive management's remuneration to be based on long- term performance targets. This proposed amendment is further described in section 5.3.2. This remuneration policy will be presented for approval to the annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2022 and  if approved  will apply to the remuneration of directors and members of the executive management as from the 2022 financial year onwards. The aim is to apply this remuneration policy for several years. However  the policy may be amended whenever this is deemed necessary by the Board of Directors  upon the recommendation of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and  to the extent required by law  subject to the approval of the general meeting of shareholders. In any event - whether amended or not - the policy will be presented to the general meeting of shareholders for approval at least every four years. In case a significant number of votes are casted against the remuneration policy  the Board of Directors will take the necessary steps to take into account the concerns of those who voted against the policy in relation to the further application and amendment of the policy. 2. General principles regarding remuneration Remuneration supports the realisation of Montea's strategic objectives. Montea is a pure logistics real estate player. It seeks to achieve sustainable value creation by making high-quality property investments aimed at profitable growth. In the first instance  the remuneration of the executive management is based on the overall performance of Montea and is designed to enable the members of the executive management to benefit from its profitable growth. Also individual performance criteria are taken into account based on evolving strategic implementation priorities. For non-executive directors  their remuneration needs to be such that sufficient expertise can be attracted in order to formulate a clear growth strategy and monitor its implementation. The remuneration policy is designed to attract  reward and retain the talent required to safeguard the long-term interests of Montea and to enable sustainable value creation. Montea seeks to offer competitive remuneration  on the one hand  while at the same time avoiding excessive remuneration  on the other hand. The pay and working conditions of Montea employees form the basis for determining the remuneration of the executive management. Employees may be allocated options or the ability to purchase shares of Montea as part of the same option plan or the same share purchase plan as the executive management (see section 5.1.2). 3. The statutory director The function of Montea Management NV as statutory director is remunerated in accordance with what is set out in Montea's articles of association. The statutory director's remuneration is made up of (i) a variable 1Remuneration policy remuneration  based on Montea's financial results; (ii) a fixed remuneration; and (iii) reimbursement of expenses associated with the statutory director's function: The variable remuneration is equal to 0.25% of the sum of: The adjusted result: net result + depreciation + write-downs - reversal of write-downs - reversal of rentals carried forward and discounted +/- other non-monetary items +/- result from the sale of real estate ; Net gains on the realisation of property not exempt from the mandatory distribution of profits. Fixed remuneration is €15 000 per annum. Any reimbursement of expenses associated with the statutory director's task. In principle  this remuneration covers the total cost of remuneration for the directors of the statutory director  remuneration for the CEO and the operating overhead costs of Montea Management NV. Final allocation of remuneration will be submitted annually for approval to the Montea's general meeting of shareholders of the following financial year. 4. Board of Directors and its committees 4.1 General Given the management structure of Montea  this remuneration policy applies to the directors of the statutory director of Montea  i.e. Montea Management NV. As required by the legislator and set out in Montea's corporate governance charter  this structure is transparent and  for governance purposes  the Board of Directors is considered as the board of directors of Montea itself. The remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors depends on their qualification as non-executive or executive directors. The remuneration is discussed each year by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and submitted to the Board of Directors. Conflicts of interest will be dealt with in accordance with Montea's corporate governance charter and the applicable legislation. No one will participate in a meeting at which his/her own remuneration is being dealt with. The amount of director remuneration is determined based on benchmark studies regarding the remuneration policy of other Belgian GVV/SIR and/or listed companies. 4.2 Non-executive directors General The amounts for the directors' remuneration for non-executive directors are approved annually by the general meeting of shareholders of Montea Management NV at the proposal of the Board of Directors and on the recommendation of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board of Directors determines the amount of the remuneration on the basis of the principle of continuity  on the one hand  and on benchmark studies  on the other hand. Non-executive members of the Board of Directors do not receive performance-related remuneration. Non-executive directors are not paid (not even partially) in Montea shares. By this  Montea deviates from recommendation 7.6 of the Code 2020 to compensate non-executive directors in part with shares in the listed company concerned. Through this recommendation  the Belgian Corporate Governance Committee aims to better align the interests of non-executive directors with the long-term shareholding interest. However  Montea is of the opinion that the long-term shareholding interest is sufficiently represented in the Board of Directors through the directors who are part of the Pierre De Pauw family  a major shareholder in Montea. 2Remuneration policy Non-independentnon-executive directors Non-independentnon-executive directors do not receive a fixed remuneration or attendance fee as non- executive member of the Board of Directors. However  they do receive a fixed remuneration if they chair the Board of Directors or an Investment Committee.an attendance fee for their participation in and contribution to meetings of the Investment Committee(s) of which they may be a member (see below). Independent directors Independent non-executive directors receive fixed annual director's remuneration  as well as attendance fees for attending meetings of the Board of Directors  the Audit Committee  the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Investment Committee(s) of which they are a member. If they chair a committee of the Board of Directors  they receive an additional fixed remuneration for this. 4.3 Executive directors Executive directors do not receive a remuneration for the exercise of their mandate as director. They are only remunerated in the context of their position as a member of the executive management  as set forth in section 5 (Executive management) of this remuneration policy. They do not receive any remuneration for their participation in and contribution to meetings of the Investment Committee(s) of which they are members unless they are chairman of an Investment Committee (in which case they receive a fixed remuneration for this mandate). 4.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and committees The chairman of the Board of Directors and the chairmen of the Audit Committee  the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Investment Committees1 receive a fixed remuneration in proportion to the responsibility and time associated with the position of chairman. The function of chairman of the Board of Directors and the function of chairman of the Investment Committees may be fulfilled by the same person. In such case the remuneration may be combined. There are currently three investment committees: Investment Committee France  Investment Committee the Netherlands and Investment Committee Internal which discusses investment and disinvestment project in Belgium and other countries in which Montea operates. These are committees on which members other than directors sit. 3Remuneration policy 4.5 Schematic representation Board of Audit Remuneration and Investment Fixed Nomination remuneration Directors Committee Committee Committee per annum Non-independent non- attendance fee for each meeting executive director attended attendance fee attendance fee attendance fee for attendance fee Independent director for each meeting for each meeting each meeting for each meeting Yes attended attended attended attended Executive director * Executive management Chairman of the Board Yes of Directors Chairman of the Audit Yes Committee Chairman of the Remuneration and Yes Nomination Committee Chairman of an Yes Investment Committee Unless such person is chairman of an Investment Committee  in which case he/she received a fixed remuneration for such function.5. Executive management The remuneration of the members of the executive management depends on their respective responsibilities and the market practice in the sector. The remuneration of the members of the executive management consists of a fixed part and a variable part. The variable part consists of  on the one hand  a performance-related payment over a reference period of 1 (one) year and  on the other hand  a performance-related payment over a reference period equal to or exceeding 3 (three) years. The variable remuneration can take the form of cash and/or share- related payments (including  but not limited to  share options) and is payable on expiry of the relevant reference period. Each year  on the proposal of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors decides on the short-term variable remuneration of the members of the executive management. In this context  the Board of Directors determines the amount of variable remuneration  as well as the targets for the performance criteria on which this remuneration will depend in the coming performance period. As regards long-term variable remuneration  the Board of Directors  upon the proposal of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee  will determine the objectives as well as the amounts and the duration prior to the implementation of the relevant plan. For more details on the variable remuneration  please refer to section 5.3 of this remuneration policy. In case the member of the executive management in question is also a director  the conflict of interest procedures as set forth in articles 36 to 38 of the GVV/SIR Act and article 7:96 Companies and Associations Code will be applied in relation to any decisions concerning the remuneration of the executive management. The members of the executive management will not receive a remuneration for their participation for their participation in and contribution to meetings of the Investment Committee(s) of which they are a member. 4Remuneration policy The relative share of the components of the annual remuneration is as follows: Manager Fixed remuneration  Short-term variable CAP additional short-term variable pension and fringe benefits remuneration (on-target) remuneration in case of overachievement CEO ± ≥ 75% ± ≤ 25% 25% of the total on-target remuneration Other members of ± ≥ 75% ± ≤ 25% 25% of the total on-target the executive remuneration management If it is decided to offer long-term variable remuneration  the Board of Directors shall ensure that - if the relative share of the variable remuneration (on-targetshort-term and long-termperformance-related remuneration) exceeds 25% of the relevant total annual remuneration - the distribution rule of article 7:91 of the Code of Companies and Associations is complied with. Moreover  the remuneration for exceeding the targets related to the long-term variable remuneration may not exceed 50% of the total on-targetlong-term variable remuneration. 5.1 Fixed remuneration When referring to ""fixed remuneration"" Montea refers to  on the one hand  the annual fixed remuneration to be paid to the member of the executive management as stated in the individual management agreement or employment agreement with the person concerned (see section 5.1.1). On the other hand  the Board of Directors has the option  but not the obligation  to grant share options and/or to have the executive management participate in a share purchase plan (see section 5.1.2). These instruments are not necessarily used on an annual basis. 5.1.1 Remuneration based on the individual management agreement or employment agreement The basic remuneration of the executive management is assessed each year by the Board of Directors on the advice and at the proposal of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board of Directors determines the amount of the remuneration based on the principle of continuity  on the one hand  and on benchmark studies  on the other hand. 5.1.2 Option plan and share purchase plan On the recommendation of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors has decided not to oblige the executive management to maintain a minimum level of shares in Montea  in derogation of article 7.9 of the Code 2020. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee will assess this recommendation on a regular basis and report accordingly to the Board of Directors. Notwithstanding the absence of an obligation for the executive management  there is an option plan and share purchase plan in place to the benefit of the members of the (executive and non-executive) management  as well as to certain other employees. The options/shares under these plans are allocated on a discretionary basis by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee (the aim of which is to reach as wide an audience as possible). Given that neither the allocation under the option plan  nor the offer under the share purchase plan is subject to achieving performance criteria  these plans qualify as fixed remuneration. 5Remuneration policy The beneficiaries under the option plan and share purchase plan have  as the case may  the possibility to: acquire options with a term of ten years that can be exercised at a price equal to the lowest of(a) the closing price of the share on Euronext Brussels to which the option grants a right on the trading day prior to the day of the offer; and (b) the average closing price of the share on Euronext Brussels to which the option grants a right for a period of 20 trading days prior to the day of the offer. Options become permanently acquired (""vesting"") after a period of three years; or purchase shares at a price per share equal to 83.33% of the price equal to the lowest of (a) the closing price of the share on Euronext Brussels to which the option grants a right on the trading day prior to the day of the offer; and (b) the average closing price of the share on Euronext Brussels to which the option grants a right for a period of 20 trading days prior to the day of the offer. Under this plan  the shares are subject to a lock-up period of 3.5 years. In case the lock-up period does not longer justify said discount  the Board of Directors has the option to reassess this lock-up period. In both plans  exercising the option / purchase of shares is carried out using the private funds of the beneficiaries. The company does not facilitate the financing of these transactions. The number of options or shares that can be acquired in this manner is determined each year by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. Notwithstanding the fact that on the date of this remuneration policy neither the option plan nor the share purchase plan is subject to the achievement of performance criteria  Montea considers both plans to be an adequate long-term incentive mechanism for the following reasons: The option planThose employees  company managers (natural persons only) and self-employed service providers (natural persons only) who are taxable in Belgium on their earnings or on their profits and dividends  are subject to the Belgian Share Option Act of 26th March 1999. Under the Belgian Share Option Act  the aforementioned types of beneficiaries are taxed at the time the Options are allocated. This is on the basis of the actual market value of the shares in Montea at the time of the Offer. In other words  given that (i) these types of beneficiaries already have to pay tax at the time of accepting the options and (ii) the vesting period is three years  they will be given an incentive to make a contribution towards the long-term value of Montea so that the tax already paid can be recouped.In this context it must be underlined that during the period between accepting the offer and exercising the options  the holder has no right to any dividend associated with the underlying Montea share. The share purchase planThe shares that a beneficiary may purchase under the share purchase plan are subject to a lock-up period of 3.5 years. This means that it is in the interests of the beneficiary to work towards increasing the value of Montea shares in the long term. Each year the Remuneration and Nomination Committee will review whether it is advisable to link certain performance criteria to said plans. It also retains the right to make proposals aimed at altering the plans in question in this sense  if applicable. If the Remuneration and Nomination Committee makes such a recommendation  it will limit itself to the same performance criteria as those set out in section 5.3. If the option plan and/or share purchase plan is linked to achieving certain performance criteria  these plans will no longer qualify as fixed remuneration  but as variable remuneration. 6Remuneration policy 5.2 Pensions and benefits in kind Montea provides a supplementary pension for the members of its executive management who provide services to Montea as natural persons. Montea will bear the expense of a number of other benefits  such as a company car  mobile phone  laptop  hospitalisation insurance  D&O policy  etc. allocated to the members of the executive management. The terms and conditions for (the use of) these benefits are the same as for Montea employees. In the context of potential professional liability claims  the executive management and all directors are covered by a director liability policy (D&O policy). The total premium is borne by Montea. No other additional forms of remuneration will be paid to the directors. 5.3 Variable remuneration Variable remuneration for the executive management consists partly of a short-term bonus that is paid in cash or any other payment instrument with a similar cost for Montea  and partly of a long-term remuneration that can be paid out in cash and/or share options and/or shares depending on the plan. Variable remuneration can only be allocated to the extent that (a) the part of the variable remuneration that is linked to the results only relates to Montea's consolidated net result  excluding any fluctuation in the fair value of the assets and the hedging instruments  and (b) no remuneration is allocated on the basis of a specific operation or transaction by Montea. The amount that the individual in question can earn is capped (for more details on this  see section 5.3.1 and section 5.3.2). 5.3.1 Short-term variable remuneration The short-term variable remuneration of the CEO and the other members of the executive management depends on predetermined performance criteria linked to Montea's strategic priorities over a reference period of one year. The actual implementation and weighting for each year of each KPI will be determined each year by the Board of Directors on the proposal of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. These performance criteria contribute to Montea's business strategy  long-term interests  and sustainability  as follows: 7Remuneration policy Strategy KPI Growth of the portfolioIN Offering a stable and - insofar as possible - growingN dividend C I A L Maintaining a high occupancy rate by focusing on the type of customer and their activity N O N Implementation of Plan 2030/2050 in which Montea's aims are linked to the 4 Ps approach (People  Planet  Profit and Policy). F I N A N High-quality HR managementI A L Achieving the targeted growth of the property portfolio in logistics real estate Achieving the targeted EPRA result per share (EPS) Achieving and maintaining a targeted occupancy rate of the buildings Achieving 1 ESG KPI at minimum Organising of and participating to initiatives to maintain team spirit  performance and staff satisfaction at a high level By way of an assessment interview between the chairman of the Board of Directors and the member of the executive management  it is established each year whether the predetermined (financial and non-financial) targets have been achieved. This assessment and the variable remuneration linked to it  is discussed by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee  and is subsequently submitted to the next meeting of the Board of Directors which decides on the final allocation of the short-term variable remuneration. In that context the actual realisation of the financial performance targets is verified on the basis of Montea's consolidated annual accounts. An overachievement can be acknowledged. The amount paid for overachievement of short-term targets should not exceed 25% of the total on-targetshort-term variable remuneration. 5.3.2 Long-term variable remuneration In addition to the short-termperformance-related remuneration  the CEO and certain members of the executive management are  on the proposal of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and after approval by the Board of Directors  also eligible for a long-termperformance-related remuneration in cash and/or share options and/or shares. The vesting of this long-term payment is subject to the realisation of long-term targets over a reference period between 3 and 5 years  as determined by the Board of Directors. The long-term variable remuneration becomes unconditional in February of the year following the end of the reference period concerned  in proportion to the achievement of the long-term objectives. The long-term objectives are linked to predetermined performance criteria in line with Montea's strategic priorities. The KPIs to which the long-termperformance-related fee will be linked will relate to  among other things  portfolio growth  growth of the result and the creation of shareholder value  thereby contributing to Montea's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. The concrete interpretation and weighting for each KPI will be determined at the beginning of a reference period by the Board of Directors on the proposal of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. 8Remuneration policy For the long-term variable remuneration  the remuneration for exceeding the long-term objectives may amount to a maximum of 50% of the total on-targetlong-term variable remuneration. 6. Agreements 6.1 Term In principle  the term of the directors' mandates is 3 years  except in case of reappointment. The term of a director's mandate who is reappointed is  in principle  4 years. The general meeting of shareholders of Montea Management NV may deviate from this  in line with Montea's corporate governance charter  in order to enable a certain degree of rotation within the Board of Directors. The directors do not benefit from any dismissal protection. 6.2 Claw-back At current  Montea does not provide for the right to withdraw or claim back variable remuneration paid to the executive management if the remuneration is allocated based on incorrect financial data. However  going forward  Montea will include such claw-back right if new agreements would be entered into with the executive management. 6.3 Pensions Montea provides a pension plan for the members of its executive management who provide services as natural persons to Montea  as set out above in section 5.2. Montea does not provide a pension plan for the directors. 6.4 Severance pay In principle  Montea concludes a management agreement of an indefinite term with the self-employed members of the executive management. Severance pay is negotiated on an individual basis and determined in the management agreement. The Board of Directors ensures that any severance pay does not exceed 12 months' remuneration. For those members of the executive management who perform their function as part of an employment agreement  Montea applies the rules from the Employment Agreements Act. The shares acquired in the context of the share purchase plan and which are still subject to the lock-up period can be bought back by Montea. The number of shares than can be bought back depends on the fact of whether the person involved is considered as a good or a bad leaver by the Board of Directors and the extent to which the lock-up period has already elapsed. The price at which the shares can be bought back is the purchase price concerned. The consequences of the departure of a person on the options that have been allocated to this person under the option plan will depend  among others  on whether this person is leaving on his/her own initiative  the reasons for the departure and whether the options have already been vested. Depending on the circumstances  the options may either be retained  in full or in part  and (temporarily) exercised  or lapse by force law. In case of creation of any other share-related plans  similar rules will be determined in line with the applicable legislation and this remuneration policy. 9",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.03,0.38,0.59,True,English,"['Remuneration Policy', 'Montea', 'December', '11', 'pure logistics real estate player', 'long- term performance targets', 'same share purchase plan', 'evolving strategic implementation priorities', 'Belgian Corporate Governance Code', 'corporate governance charter', 'sustainable value creation', 'individual performance criteria', 'operating overhead costs', 'long-term incentive plan', 'other non-monetary items', 'clear growth strategy', 'same option plan', 'high-quality property investments', 'annual general meeting', 'following financial year', 'Montea Management NV', 'Remuneration policy remuneration', 'strategic objectives', 'overall performance', 'same time', '2022 financial year', 'long-term interests', 'other hand', 'executive management', 'Associations Code', 'profitable growth', 'financial results', 'management structure', 'Montea NV', 'important changes', 'statutory director', 'Nomination Committee', 'first time', 'main change', 'market demand', 'several years', 'significant number', 'necessary steps', 'first instance', 'sufficient expertise', 'one hand', 'working conditions', 'Net gains', 'mandatory distribution', 'total cost', 'Final allocation', 'General principles', 'competitive remuneration', 'excessive remuneration', 'fixed remuneration', 'net result', 'remuneration Remuneration', 'variable remuneration', 'non-executive directors', 'Montea employees', 'Introduction', 'explanation', 'accordance', 'article', 'Companies', 'CAC', 'board', 'recommendations', 'shareholders', '18 May', 'version', 'order', 'part', 'amendment', 'section', 'approval', 'members', 'aim', 'extent', 'law', 'event', 'case', 'votes', 'account', 'concerns', 'relation', 'application', 'realisation', 'talent', 'pay', 'basis', 'options', 'ability', 'shares', 'function', 'reimbursement', 'expenses', 'sum', 'depreciation', 'write-downs', 'reversal', 'rentals', 'sale', 'profits', 'annum', 'task', 'CEO', 'committees', 'legislator']",2023-12-25,2023-12-26,marketscreener.com
34355,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.informazione.it/c/4ED81826-FB18-4033-A0FC-BEC68E299D8A/EthiFinance-awards-a-gold-medal-to-Voltalia-for-its-extra-financial-performance,EthiFinance awards a gold medal to Voltalia for its extra-financial performance,EthiFinance awards a gold medal to Voltalia for its extra-financial performanceVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies   is included in the Gaia stock market index for the sixth consecutive year.,EthiFinance awards a gold medal to Voltalia for its extra-financial performanceVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies   is included in the Gaia stock market index for the sixth consecutive year.,neutral,0.2,0.79,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['gold medal', 'extra-financial performance', 'EthiFinance', 'Voltalia', 'Gaia stock market index', 'sixth consecutive year', 'gold medal', 'extra-financial performanceVoltalia', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'EthiFinance']",2023-12-26,2023-12-26,informazione.it
34356,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-12/61006668-nanobiotix-s-a-nanobiotix-partner-lianbio-assigns-its-development-and-commercialization-rights-for-nbtxr3-in-china-and-other-asian-markets-399.htm,Nanobiotix S.A.: Nanobiotix Partner LianBio Assigns Its Development and Commercialization Rights for NBTXR3 in China and Other Asian Markets,"NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO -- NASDAQ: NBTX - the ""Company'')  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches","PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Dec. 26  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO -- NASDAQ: NBTX - the ""Company'')  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announced that partner LianBio has entered into an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (""Janssen"")  a Johnson & Johnson company  whereby LianBio has assigned to Janssen LianBio's exclusive rights to develop and commercialize potential first-in-class radioenhancer NBTXR3 in China  South Korea  Singapore  and Thailand.""Our collaboration strategy for the development and commercialization of NBTXR3 is rooted in a shared commitment to delivering the potential first-in-class radioenhancer to millions of patients around the world "" said Laurent Levy  Nanobiotix co-founder and chairman of the executive board. ""LianBio has served as an important partner in expanding our clinical development program in Asia  particularly with their support for our ongoing pivotal phase 3 study evaluating NBTXR3 in head and neck cancer. We look forward to continued momentum in our program and moving NBTXR3 toward global registration.""This agreement consolidates global development and commercialization rights of NBTXR3 with Janssen; streamlines the global alliance for co-development and registration of the radioenhancer with Nanobiotix; and includes all previously agreed upon economic terms between Nanobiotix and LianBio  including the Nanobiotix entitlement to receive up to an aggregate $220 million in potential contingent  development and commercialization milestone payments (less $15 million already paid to Nanobiotix by LianBio) along with tiered  low double-digit royalties based on net sales of NBTXR3 in Asian territories.Following the deal close  LianBio will support the transition of the asset to Janssen for a period no longer than six months.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate's physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312-a global  randomized phase III study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy-the same population being evaluated in the phase III study.Given the Company's focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several phase I and phase II studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023 Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV.About NANOBIOTIX:Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company's philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate-NBTXR3-which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterDisclaimerThis press release contains certain ""forward-looking"" statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as ""entering "" ""intend "" ""subject to "" and ""until "" or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management's current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the negotiations regarding and entry into a definitive agreement for the development and commercialization arrangement with a major global pharmaceutical company and the significance of such an agreement for the Company. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that the Company and the major global pharmaceutical company will not reach a final and binding definitive agreement with respect to the development and commercialization of NBTXR3  including as a result of market conditions or the major global pharmaceutical company's due diligence review or for any other reason in either party's discretion  and the risk that either party will not obtain the requisite internal corporate approvals with respect to such definitive terms  if agreed. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24  2023 under ""Item 3.D. Risk Factors"" and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers - the AMF) on April 24  2023  (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com) may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR - Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal - LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment- 2023-12-26 -- NBTX -- LianBio Assigns Development Rights to Janssen -- FINAL -- English.pdf",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.71,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Nanobiotix S.A.', 'Nanobiotix Partner LianBio', 'Other Asian Markets', 'Commercialization Rights', 'Development', 'NBTXR3', 'China', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'global, randomized phase III study', 'tiered, low double-digit royalties', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'ongoing pivotal phase 3 study', 'neck squamous cell cancers', 'significant tumor cell death', 'anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'multiple solid tumor indications', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'several phase I', 'phase II studies', 'adaptive immune response', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'soft tissue sarcomas', 'European CE mark', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'United States Food', 'Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'clinical development program', 'priority development pathways', 'commercialization milestone payments', 'lead product candidate', 'potential contingent, development', 'class oncology product', 'physics-based approaches', 'class radioenhancer NBTXR3', 'neck cancer', 'global alliance', 'global co', 'collaboration strategy', 'therapeutic combinations', 'global development', 'tumor types', 'global registration', 'potential first', 'scalable potential', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'exclusive rights', 'South Korea', 'Laurent Levy', 'executive board', 'economic terms', 'net sales', 'Asian territories', 'deal close', 'six months', 'physical mechanism', 'single agent', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'advanced HNSCC', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'same population', 'focus areas', 'The University', 'human life', '30 umbrella patents', 'commercialization rights', 'treatment outcomes', 'important partner', 'physical MoA', 'Johnson company', 'license agreement', 'Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'treatment possibilities', 'Nanobiotix entitlement', 'Janssen LianBio', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'patients', 'China', 'Singapore', 'Thailand', 'commitment', 'millions', 'world', 'founder', 'chairman', 'support', 'head', 'momentum', 'aggregate', 'transition', 'asset', 'period', 'proof', 'concept', 'action', 'NANORAY-312', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'parallel', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'boundaries', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', '2019']",2023-12-06,2023-12-26,finanznachrichten.de
34357,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-partner-lianbio-assigns-development-070000800.html,Nanobiotix Partner LianBio Assigns Its Development and Commercialization Rights for NBTXR3 in China and Other Asian Markets,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer ,Nanobiotix S.A.PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Dec. 26  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announced that partner LianBio has entered into an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (“Janssen”)  a Johnson & Johnson company  whereby LianBio has assigned to Janssen LianBio’s exclusive rights to develop and commercialize potential first-in-class radioenhancer NBTXR3 in China  South Korea  Singapore  and Thailand.“Our collaboration strategy for the development and commercialization of NBTXR3 is rooted in a shared commitment to delivering the potential first-in-class radioenhancer to millions of patients around the world ” said Laurent Levy  Nanobiotix co-founder and chairman of the executive board. “LianBio has served as an important partner in expanding our clinical development program in Asia  particularly with their support for our ongoing pivotal phase 3 study evaluating NBTXR3 in head and neck cancer. We look forward to continued momentum in our program and moving NBTXR3 toward global registration.”This agreement consolidates global development and commercialization rights of NBTXR3 with Janssen; streamlines the global alliance for co-development and registration of the radioenhancer with Nanobiotix; and includes all previously agreed upon economic terms between Nanobiotix and LianBio  including the Nanobiotix entitlement to receive up to an aggregate $220 million in potential contingent  development and commercialization milestone payments (less $15 million already paid to Nanobiotix by LianBio) along with tiered  low double-digit royalties based on net sales of NBTXR3 in Asian territories.Following the deal close  LianBio will support the transition of the asset to Janssen for a period no longer than six months.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Story continuesRadiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312—a global  randomized phase III study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the phase III study.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several phase I and phase II studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023 Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV.About NANOBIOTIX:Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterDisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “entering ” “intend ” “subject to ” and “until ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the negotiations regarding and entry into a definitive agreement for the development and commercialization arrangement with a major global pharmaceutical company and the significance of such an agreement for the Company. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that the Company and the major global pharmaceutical company will not reach a final and binding definitive agreement with respect to the development and commercialization of NBTXR3  including as a result of market conditions or the major global pharmaceutical company’s due diligence review or for any other reason in either party’s discretion  and the risk that either party will not obtain the requisite internal corporate approvals with respect to such definitive terms  if agreed. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 24  2023  (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com) may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment– 2023-12-26 -- NBTX -- LianBio Assigns Development Rights to Janssen -- FINAL -- English.pdf,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.3,0.2,True,English,"['Other Asian Markets', 'Nanobiotix Partner', 'Commercialization Rights', 'LianBio', 'Development', 'NBTXR3', 'China', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'global, randomized phase III study', 'tiered, low double-digit royalties', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'ongoing pivotal phase 3 study', 'neck squamous cell cancers', 'significant tumor cell death', 'anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'multiple solid tumor indications', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'several phase I', 'phase II studies', 'adaptive immune response', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'soft tissue sarcomas', 'European CE mark', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'United States Food', 'Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'clinical development program', 'priority development pathways', 'commercialization milestone payments', 'Nanobiotix S.A.', 'potential contingent, development', 'physics-based approaches', 'class oncology product', 'neck cancer', 'global alliance', 'global co', 'collaboration strategy', 'therapeutic combinations', 'global development', 'tumor types', 'global registration', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'exclusive rights', 'South Korea', 'potential first', 'Laurent Levy', 'executive board', 'economic terms', 'net sales', 'Asian territories', 'deal close', 'six months', 'product candidate', 'physical mechanism', 'single agent', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'advanced HNSCC', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'same population', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'The University', 'human life', '30 umbrella patents', 'lead prod', 'commercialization rights', 'class radioenhancer', 'important partner', 'physical MoA', 'Johnson company', 'license agreement', 'treatment outcomes', 'Nanobiotix entitlement', 'Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'Janssen LianBio', 'radioenhancer NBTXR3', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'possibilities', 'patients', 'China', 'Singapore', 'Thailand', 'commitment', 'millions', 'world', 'founder', 'chairman', 'support', 'head', 'momentum', 'aggregate', 'transition', 'asset', 'period', 'novel', 'proof', 'concept', 'action', 'Story', 'NANORAY-3', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'parallel', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'boundaries', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', '2019']",2023-12-26,2023-12-26,finance.yahoo.com
34358,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.heraldbulletin.com/news/nation_world/nanobiotix-partner-lianbio-assigns-its-development-and-commercialization-rights-for-nbtxr3-in/article_78280583-a308-5ebc-ab71-49c845147367.html,Nanobiotix Partner LianBio Assigns Its Development and Commercialization Rights for NBTXR3 in ...,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Nanobiotix Partner', 'Commercialization Rights', 'LianBio', 'Development', 'NBTXR3', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'physics-based approaches', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'NBTX']",2023-12-26,2023-12-26,heraldbulletin.com
