UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
39493,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/18/2865519/0/en/NOTICE-TO-ATTEND-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-IN-TERRANET-AB.html,NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN TERRANET AB,N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in Terranet AB  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prev…,"N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in Terranet AB  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.The shareholders of Terranet AB  registration number 556707-2128  (the ""Company"") are hereby invited to the annual general meeting on 21 May 2024 at 11.00 a.m. at Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå's premises at Sveavägen 20  3 tr  in Stockholm. Registration starts at 10.45 am.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND REGISTRATIONShareholders who wish to attend the general meeting shall:be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on 13 May 2024  and;notify the Company of their attendance at the general meeting no later than 15 May 2024 by e-mail to pal.eriksson@terranet.se or by letter to Terranet AB  Mobilvägen 10  223 62 Lund  Sweden  marking the envelope with ""Annual General Meeting 2024"". In the notification  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate identity number  address and telephone number and  where applicable  information about assistants (maximum 2).NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must register their shares in their own name in order to be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and is requested from the nominee according to the nominee's procedures. Voting rights registrations completed (registered with Euroclear Sweden AB) no later than 15 May 2024 are taken into account in the preparation of the share register.PROXYShareholders who are represented by a proxy shall issue a written authorization for the proxy  signed and dated by the shareholder. The period of validity of the authorization shall not exceed five years if specifically stated. If no period of validity is specified  the authorization is valid for a maximum of one year. If the authorization is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent for the legal entity must be attached. The original power of attorney and any registration certificate should be sent by post to the Company at the above address well in advance of the meeting. The proxy form is available on the Company's website (www.terranet.se) no later than three weeks before the meeting.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of the chairman of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Election of one or more adjusters5. Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened6. Approval of the agenda7. Presentation of the annual accounts and the audit report  as well as the consolidated accounts and the audit report on the consolidated accounts.8. Resolution ona) Adoption of the profit and loss account  balance sheet and consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheetb) Allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet and the adopted consolidated balance sheet.c) Decision to discharge the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer from liability9. Determination of the number of members of the board members and auditor10. Determination of the remuneration of the Board of Directors and auditor11. Election of the Board of Directors  auditors and potential deputies12. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles13. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to make minor adjustments to the resolutions adopted by the General Meeting14. Closure of the meetingPROPOSED RESOLUTIONS FROM THE ELECTION COMMITTEEPrior to the general meeting  the Nomination Committee was established by the Chairman of the Board of Directors contacting the shareholders who were the three largest shareholders in the Company as of 31 August 2023  who appointed one member each to the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee for the 2024 annual general meeting has consisted of Julian Aleksov  Chairman of the Nomination Committee  appointed by Maida Vale Capital AB  Michael Knutsson  appointed by Knutsson Holdings AB  Fredrik Olsson  own holding  Torgny Hellström  Chairman of the Board of Terranet AB. The members are appointed by shareholders who as of 31 March 2024 together represented approximately 17.86 percent of the votes for all shares in the Company. The nomination committee proposes the following:Item 2 - Election of the chairman of the meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that attorney Mark Falkner at Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB is elected as chairman and keeper of the minutes at the annual general meeting or  if he is prevented from doing so  the person he appoints.Item 9 - Determination of the number of board members and auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of six (6) members without deputies.The Nomination Committee further proposes that the Company shall have a registered accounting firm as auditor.Item 10 - Determination of the remuneration of the Board of Directors and auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the Board of Directors shall be paid with SEK 175 000 to each of the members elected by the general meeting who are not employed by the Company or the group and with SEK 475 000 to the chairman of the board.The nomination committee proposes that a remuneration of SEK 25 000 shall be paid to each of the members of the remuneration committee (maximum 3 members). The nomination committee further proposes that a remuneration of SEK 60 000 shall be paid to each of the members of the audit committee (maximum 2 members) and that a remuneration of SEK 100 000 shall be paid to the chairman of the audit committee.The auditor's fee shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 11 - Election of the Board of Directors  auditors and potential deputiesThe Nomination Committee proposes that Torgny Hellström  Anders Blom  Magnus Edman  Mats Fägerhag  Tarek Shoeb and Nils Wollny are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The Nomination Committee further proposes that Torgny Hellström is re-elected as chairman of the board.Furthermore  it is proposed to re-elect the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young Aktiebolag (""E&Y"") as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the annual general meeting 2025. E&Y has notified that the authorized public accountant Martin Henriksson will be the auditor in charge.PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSItem 8b - Resolution on allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet and the adopted consolidated balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that all funds at the disposal of the annual general meeting be carried forward.Item 12 - Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  resolve to issue shares of series B  warrants and/or convertibles with the right to subscribe for or convert shares of series B  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  within the limits of the articles of association applicable at any given time  to be paid in cash  in kind and/or by set-off.That the Board of Directors shall be able to decide on a new share issue without preferential rights for the shareholders as described above is primarily for the purpose of being able to raise new capital to increase the Company's flexibility for financing.For the resolution to be valid  the proposal must be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the annual general meeting.Item 13 - Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to make minor adjustments to the resolutions adopted by the General MeetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the meeting authorizes the Board of Directors  the CEO or the person otherwise appointed by the Board of Directors to make such minor adjustments and clarifications of the resolutions adopted at the meeting to the extent required for registration of the resolutions.OTHERDocuments and informationThe notice  accounting documents  auditor's report and proxy form will be available to shareholders at the Company three weeks before the meeting and will be sent free of charge to shareholders who request it and state their postal address. The documents will also be published on the Company's website  www.terranet.se  no later than the same day.According to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act  shareholders have the right to request information from the Board of Directors and the CEO regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or the Company's financial situation. The Board of Directors and the managing director shall disclose such information if the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without significant harm to the Company.Processing of personal dataThe personal data collected from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  received notifications and information about proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the general meeting and  where applicable  the minutes of the meeting. For further information on how your personal data is processed  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.Number of shares and votesAt the time of the publication of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 898 003 007  divided into 1 084 063 series A shares and 896 919 944 series B shares. Each series A share entitles to two (2) votes and each series B share entitles to one (1) vote._____________________________Lund in April2024Terranet ABBoard of DirectorsFor more information  please contactMagnus Andersson CEOEmail: magnus.andersson@terranet.seAbout Terranet AB (publ)Terranet is on a mission to save lives in urban traffic.We develop breakthrough tech solutions for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and Autonomous Vehicles (AV) that protect vulnerable road users.With a unique and patented vision technology  Terranet’s anti-collision system BlincVision scans and detects road objects multiple times faster and with higher accuracy than any other ADAS technology available today.Terranet is based in Lund  Sweden  and in the heart of the European automotive industry in Stuttgart  Germany. The company is listed on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market since 2017(Nasdaq: TERRNT-B).Follow our journey at www.terranet.seCertified Adviser to Terranet is Mangold Fondkommission AB 08-503 015 50  ca@mangold.se.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'TERRANET AB', 'NOTICE', 'Maida Vale Capital AB', 'Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Torgny Hellström', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Knutsson Holdings AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'attorney Mark Falkner', 'corporate identity number', 'The Nomination Committee', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'annual general meeting', 'three largest shareholders', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'annual accounts', 'voting list', 'Terranet AB', 'Michael Knutsson', 'consolidated accounts', 'N.B.', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'Sveavägen', 'share register', 'pal.eriksson', 'Mobilvägen', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'original power', 'audit report', 'new issue', 'minor adjustments', 'Julian Aleksov', 'Fredrik Olsson', 'terranet.se', 'telephone number', 'consolidated profit', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'one year', 'one member', 'ELECTION COMMITTEE', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'potential deputies', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'six (6) members', 'loss account', 'written authorization', 'proxy form', 'board members', 'notice', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'Company', '21 May', '11.00 a', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'PARTICIPATE', '13 May', 'attendance', '15 May', 'mail', 'letter', '223 62 Lund', 'envelope', 'notification', 'name', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'assistants', 'order', 'procedures', 'preparation', 'period', 'validity', 'maximum', 'copy', 'post', 'advance', 'website', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'adjusters', 'Examination', 'Presentation', 'Adoption', 'Allocation', 'Decision', 'Directors', 'liability', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'remuneration', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closure', '31 August', '31 March', '17.86 percent', 'votes', 'Item', 'keeper', 'minutes', '10.45', '5.', '9.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,globenewswire.com
39494,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUUILO-OYJ-124120288/news/Puuilo-Plc-Notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-46466171/,Puuilo Plc: Notice to the annual general meeting,(marketscreener.com) 8 May 2024 at 4:00 p.m. .   Shareholders who have voted in advance may not exercise their right to ask questions  demand a vote or vote on a possible counterproposal under the Finnish Companies Act  unless they participate in the Gener…,"Puuilo Plc: Notice to the annual general meeting PUUILO PLC  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  18 APRIL 2024 at 12.00 (EEST) Notice to the annual general meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Puuilo Plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 15 May 2024 at 12:00 noon (EEST) at Hotel Scandic Helsinki Aviacongress at the address Robert Huberin tie 4  01510 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of ballots will commence at 11:00 a.m. (EEST). Coffee will be served after the General Meeting. Shareholders and their proxy representatives may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in Section C. ""Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting"" of this notice. A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting At the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered: 1. Opening of the meeting 2. Calling the meeting to order 3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes 4. Recording of the legality of the meeting 5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes 6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the financial year 1 February 2023 - 31 January 2024 Review by the CEO. The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report are available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024. 7. Adoption of the Financial Statements The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the Financial Statements  which also includes the consolidated financial statement  for the financial year 1 February 2023 - 31 January 2024. 8. Resolution on the use of profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend The parent company's distributable funds as at 31 January 2024 amounted to EUR 116 453 046.29  of which EUR 44 096 363.66 was profit for the financial year. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 0.38 per share (totalling EUR 32 004 342.14 based on the number of outstanding shares at the time of the proposal) be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial year ended 31 January 2024. The dividend would be paid in two instalments as follows: The first dividend instalment of EUR 0.19 per share would be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the first dividend instalment  22 May 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the first dividend instalment would be paid on 29 May 2024.The second dividend instalment of EUR 0.19 per share would be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the second dividend instalment  17 October 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the second dividend instalment would be paid on 24 October 2024. The Board of Directors also proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date and date of payment for the second dividend instalment should the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or statutes applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require. 9. Resolution on the discharge of the persons who have acted as members of the Board of Directors and as CEO from liability for the financial year 1 February 2023 - 31 January 2024 10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodies The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approve the 2023/2024 Remuneration Report for governing bodies. The General Meeting's resolution on the approval of the Remuneration Report is advisory. The Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies is available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024. 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors be as follows: EUR 60 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors as annual remuneration.EUR 30 000 to the other members of the Board of Directors as annual remuneration.In addition  the Chairman of the Audit Committee will be paid EUR 5 000 as annual remuneration and other members of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500 as annual remuneration. All proposed remunerations remain unchanged from current. All remunerations will be paid in cash. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors remain the same and be six (6). 13. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board of Directors The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that current members of the Board of Directors Lasse Aho  Bent Holm  Mammu Kaario and Tuomas Piirtola be re-elected. The Nomination Board also proposes that Jens Joller and Anne-Mari Paapio be elected as new members to the Board of Directors. Current members of the Board of Directors Rasmus Molander and Markku Tuomaala have notified that they are no longer available for election. All proposed persons have granted their consent to the position. The curriculum vitaes of Jens Joller and Anne-Mari Paapio are available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024. All proposed persons are independent of the company and its major shareholders except Jens Joller who is independent of the company  but dependent of the major shareholder. The Nomination Board further proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Lasse Aho be elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee  that the auditor's fees be paid against an invoice approved by the company. The authorized sustainability audit firm's fee be paid against an invoice approved by the company. 15. Election of the auditor The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  on the recommendation of the Audit Committee  that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as the auditor of the company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the company that Mikko Nieminen  APA  would act as the principal auditor. The term of office of the auditor expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The Audit Committee has prepared its recommendations in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014). The Audit Committee confirms that its recommendation is free from third party influence and that the Audit Committee is not required to comply with the contractual clause referred to in Article 16(6) of the EU Audit Regulation  which would restrict the choice of the auditor of the general meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy also acts as the company's authorized sustainability audit firm. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the company that Mikko Nieminen  APA  will act as the authorized sustainability auditor. The term of office of the authorized sustainability audit firm expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. 16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares as follows. The number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge based on this authorization shall not exceed 8 477 695 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all the shares in the company. The company together with its subsidiaries cannot at any moment own and/or hold as pledge more than 10 per cent of all the shares in the company. Own shares can be repurchased only using the unrestricted equity of the company at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price determined by the markets. The Board of Directors decides on all other matters related to the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of own shares. Own shares can be repurchased using  inter alia  derivatives. Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed purchase). This authorization cancels the authorization granted on 16 May 2023 to decide on the repurchase of the company's own shares. The authorization is effective until the beginning of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 31 July 2025. 17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows. The number of shares to be issued based on this authorization shall not exceed 8 477 695 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all the shares in the company. The authorization covers both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The Board of Directors decides on all other conditions of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). This authorization cancels the authorization granted on 16 May 2023 to decide on the issuance of shares as well as on the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization is effective until the beginning of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 31 July 2025. 18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on donations for charitable purposes The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting decide to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on donations in a total maximum of EUR 50 000 for charitable or corresponding purposes and to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the donation recipients  purposes of use and other terms of the donations. The authorization is proposed to remain effective until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025  however  no longer than for a period of 18 months from the date of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting. 19. Closing of the meeting B. Documents of the General Meeting The above-mentioned proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting  this notice as well as the company's Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's Report  the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report are available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024. The proposals for resolutions and other above-mentioned documents are also available at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 29 May 2024 at the latest. C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting 1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' register Each shareholder  who on the record date of the General Meeting  2 May 2024  is registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account  is registered in the company's shareholders' register. Shareholders may also participate in the General Meeting by way of proxy representation. The use of proxy representatives is described below in Section C.4 and advance voting is described in Section C.5. 2. Registration for the General Meeting The registration period and advance voting commence on 19 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST)  and a shareholder  who is registered in the company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the General Meeting and  if applicable  vote in advance no later than on 8 May 2024 by 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration and possible advance votes must be received. Shareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may register from 10:00 a.m. (EEST) on 19 April 2024 until 4:00 p.m. (EEST) on 8 May 2024 by the following manners: via the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024 Electronic registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish banking credentials or a mobile certificate. by mail or e-mail A shareholder may send a registration form available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024 to Innovatics Ltd by regular mail to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Puuilo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. Should shareholders wish  they can also use the same form for voting in advance. In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name and date of birth of a possible proxy representative  statutory representative or assistant. The personal data given to the company and Innovatics Ltd will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. A shareholder  their possible proxy representative  statutory representative  or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the General Meeting. Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period for the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon (EEST) and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EEST). 3. Holders of nominee-registered shares A holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the General Meeting  2 May 2024  would be entitled to be registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered temporarily into the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on 10 May 2024 by 10:00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes registration for the General Meeting. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above as well as  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shares. 4. Proxy representatives and power of attorneys A shareholder may participate and use their rights in the General Meeting also through a proxy representative. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Should a proxy representative register electronically for the General Meeting  they must identify themselves personally through strong electronic authentication  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The same applies to electronic advance voting. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration. Natural persons may appoint a proxy representative in connection with the electronic registration for the General Meeting on the company's website. Otherwise  a proxy document must be used. A template proxy document is available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024. Any proxy documents are asked to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting or alternatively by regular mail to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Puuilo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents must be received. In addition to delivering a proxy authorization document  a shareholder or their proxy representative must register for the General Meeting in the manner described in Section C.2. Shareholders that are legal persons can also use suomi.fi electronic authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the company authorizes the nominated proxy representative in suomi.fi service (https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations) by using the proxy form ""Representation at the General Meeting"". When registering  proxy representatives must authenticate themselves by strong electronic authentication. Strong electronic authentication can be effected with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. More information on electronic authorization is available at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations. 5. Advance voting Shareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may also vote in advance on certain agenda items of the General Meeting between 19 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) - 8 May 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST). Shareholders who have voted in advance may not exercise their right to ask questions  demand a vote or vote on a possible counterproposal under the Finnish Companies Act  unless they participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation. For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares. Advance voting can be done as follows: through the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024 Advance voting requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish banking credentials or a mobile certificate. by mail or email A shareholder voting in advance by regular mail or email must send the registration and advance voting form available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by regular mail to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Puuilo Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by submitting advance votes to Innovatics Ltd before the deadline for registration and advance voting  the submission constitutes registration for the General Meeting  provided that they contain the information required for registration  as mentioned above in Section C.2. A proposal subject to advance voting is deemed to have been presented without amendments at the General Meeting. Instructions regarding the electronic advance voting will also be available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024. 6. Other instructions/information The language of the General Meeting is Finnish. A shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act. Information on the General Meeting required by the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the company's website at https://www.investors.puuilo.fi/en/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting-2024. On the date of this notice  the total number of shares in the company and votes represented by such shares is 84 776 953. On the date of this notice  the company and its subsidiaries hold a total of 555 000 of the company's own shares that are not entitled to vote at the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held by a shareholder in the General Meeting.In Helsinki  18 April 2024PUUILO PLCThe Board of Directors",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Puuilo Plc', 'Notice', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board pr"", 'Hotel Scandic Helsinki Aviacongress', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Robert Huberin tie', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'consolidated financial statement', 'The General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual general meeting', 'The Financial Statements', 'new record date', 'The Remuneration Report', '2023/2024 Remuneration Report', 'The Board', 'annual remuneration', 'total dividend', ""shareholders' register"", 'financial year', 'proxy representatives', 'voting rights', 'Section C.', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'outstanding shares', 'two instalments', 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'Puuilo Plc', 'Wednesday 15 May', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'other members', 'parent company', '11:00 a', '29 May', 'Notice', 'APRIL', '12:00 noon', 'address', '01510 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'ballots', 'EEST', 'Coffee', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'Recording', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'February', '31 January', 'CEO', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'number', 'time', 'proposal', '24 October', 'rules', 'statutes', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'approval', 'Chairman', 'addition', 'remunerations', 'current', 'cash', '12.', '7.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39495,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HONKARAKENNE-OYJ-1412463/news/DECISIONS-MADE-BY-HONKARAKENNE-OYJ-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-46469955/,DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,(marketscreener.com) HONKARAKENNE OYJ         Stock Exchange Release 18 April 2024 at 17:30 DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Honkarakenne Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was held on Thursday  18 April 2023 in Honkarakenne’s Tuusula off…,HONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release 18 April 2024 at 17:30DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGHonkarakenne Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was held on Thursday  18 April 2023 in Honkarakenne’s Tuusula office at Lahdentie 870  Tuusula  Finland. The General Meeting adopted the financial statements  approved the remuneration report  and granted discharge from liability for 2023 to the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO.Payment of dividendsThe Annual General Meeting decided that no dividend be paid for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. The Board of Directors decided that repayment of capital of EUR 0.09 per share to be distributed from the invested unrestricted equity fund as distribution of funds to shareholders.The repayment of capital will be paid to shareholders who  on the record date of the dividend payment  22 April 2024  are registered in the company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The payment date for the dividend is 29 April 2024.Consideration of the Remuneration ReportThe Annual General Meeting adopted the remuneration report for the company’s governing bodies as an advisory resolution.Handling of the remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe Annual General Meeting adopted the remuneration policy for the company’s governing bodies as an advisory resolution.Members of the Board of Directors and remunerationsFive members were elected to the Board of Directors: Arto Halonen  Timo Kohtamäki  Maria Ristola  Kari Saarelainen and Antti Tiitola.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors at EUR 2 000 per month  the remuneration of the chairman of the board at EUR 3 500 per month. Should the Board of Directors appoint committees from among its number  the committee members will be paid EUR 500 for each committee meeting. Furthermore  the members’ travel and accommodation costs shall be reimbursed against an invoice.AuditorsErnst & Young Oy  member of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants  was re-appointed as auditor of the company  with Osmo Valovirta  APA  as chief auditor. The auditing can be remunerated in accordance with a reasonable invoice.Authorising the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the purchase of no more than 400.000 of the company’s own B shares using funds from the company’s unrestricted shareholders’ equity. The Board of Directors shall decide on the procedure of the share purchase. The company’s own shares may be acquired in a proportion disapplying the pre-emptive rights of the existing shareholders. The authorisation also covers the acquisition of shares in the public trading of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy and Euroclear Finland Oy or by means of a repurchase offer made to the shareholders. Shares may be acquired for the purpose of developing the capital structure of the company  for the financing or implementation of acquisitions or other similar arrangements  for the implementation of the company’s share-based incentive schemes or for other transfers or maculation. The share acquisition shall be based on the share’s market price in public trading  with the minimum price of the share concerned corresponding to the lowest market price quoted for the share in public trading and the maximum price correspondingly being the highest market price quoted in public trading  while the authorisation remains valid. The authorisation also covers the option of taking as pledge the company’s own B shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other issues pertaining to the acquisition of its own shares. The authorisation remains in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however expiring at the latest on June 30  2025.Authorising the board of directors to decide on the issue of shares as well as the issue of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on rights issue or bonus issue and on the granting of special rights entitling to shares in one or more instalments on the following terms and conditions in Chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act:- Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors may issue a maximum of 1.500.000 new shares and/or transfer old B shares held by the company inclusive of any shares that may be issued.- The issue may also be made to the company itself  within the legal framework.- The authorisation entitles the company to depart  within legal provisions  from the shareholders’ priority right to subscribe for new shares (directed issue).- The authorisation may be used to execute acquisitions or put in place other arrangements within the scope of the company’s business or to finance investment  improve the company’s capital structure  assist in implementing the company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes designated by the Board of Directors.- The authorisation includes the right to decide on the manner in which the subscription price is recognised in the company’s balance sheet. Apart from cash  other property (property given as subscription in kind) may be used to pay the subscription price  either in full or in part. Furthermore  claims held by the subscriber may be used to set off the subscription price. The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on any other matters arising from the share issue or relating to the special rights giving entitlement to shares.- The authorisation remains in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however expiring at the latest on June 30  2025.Minutes of the meetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on Honkarakenne’s website at www.honka.com as of 2 May 2024  at the latest.HONKARAKENNE OYJMarko SaarelainenPresident and CEOFurther information:Marko Saarelainen  President and CEO  tel. +358 40 542 0254  marko.saarelainen@honka.com orMaarit Jylhä  CFO  tel. +358 40 594 4099  maarit.jylha@honka.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaFinancial Supervisory Authoritywww.honka.comHonkarakenne Oyj manufactures high-quality  healthy and ecological log homes  holiday homes and public buildings under its Honka® brand from Finnish solid wood. The company has delivered 90 000 buildings to over 50 countries. House kits are manufactured in Finland  the company's own factory is located in Karstula. In 2023  Honkarakenne Group's net sales were EUR 46.3 million  of which exports accounted for 31%. www.honka.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'HONKARAKENNE OYJ', 'DECISIONS', 'HONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release', 'NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Timo Kohtamäki', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'share-based incentive schemes', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Authorised Public Accountants', 'lowest market price', 'highest market price', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'shareholders’ priority right', 'other similar arrangements', 'other special rights', 'old B shares', 'committee meeting', 'Young Oy', 'other arrangements', 'The Board', 'minimum price', 'other transfers', 'other issues', 'other purposes', 'pre-emptive rights', 'public trading', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'advisory resolution', 'Arto Halonen', 'Maria Ristola', 'Kari Saarelainen', 'Antti Tiitola', 'accommodation costs', 'Finnish Institute', 'Osmo Valovirta', 'following terms', 'Companies Act', 'legal framework', 'legal provisions', 'maximum price', ""shareholders' register"", 'existing shareholders', 'rights issue', 'remuneration report', 'remuneration policy', 'payment date', 'Tuusula office', 'Five members', 'committee members', 'members’ travel', 'chief auditor', 'reasonable invoice', 'repurchase offer', 'capital structure', 'bonus issue', 'directed issue', '1.500.000 new shares', 'dividend payment', 'share purchase', 'share acquisition', 'April', 'DECISIONS', 'Thursday', 'Lahdentie', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'President', 'CEO', 'dividends', 'repayment', 'distribution', 'funds', 'company', 'Consideration', 'Handling', 'remunerations', 'month', 'chairman', 'committees', 'number', 'Auditors', 'Ernst', 'APA', 'auditing', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'proportion', 'authorisation', 'rules', 'regulations', 'means', 'financing', 'implementation', 'acquisitions', 'maculation', 'option', 'pledge', 'force', 'June', 'granting', 'instalments', 'conditions', 'Chapter', 'section', 'place', 'scope', 'business', 'investment', '17']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39496,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8528039029097947,Report from Concentric AB's annual general meeting on April 18  2024,Report from Concentric AB's annual general meeting on April 18  2024           PR Newswire             STOCKHOLM           April 18  2024     /PRNewswire/ --&#xA0;Concentric AB's annual general meeting was held on   Thursday  April 18  2024   . The mai...,STOCKHOLM   April 18  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Concentric AB's annual general meeting was held on Thursday  April 18  2024 . The main resolutions passed were the following.Regarding full details of the resolutions  referral is made to the notice convening the AGM and the complete proposals. The notice convening the AGM and the complete proposals are available at the company's website  www.concentricab.com .Adoption of the income statements and the balance sheetsThe general meeting resolved to adopt the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the financial year 2023.DividendThe general meeting resolved  in accordance with the board's proposal  on a dividend of SEK 4.25 per share. The record date was set to Monday  April 22  2024 . The dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  April 25  2024 .Discharge from liabilityThe general meeting discharged each who had held the position as CEO or board member from personal liability during the financial year 2023.Board and auditorsThe general meeting re-elected Karin Gunnarsson   Anders Nielsen   Martin Sköld  Claes Magnus Åkesson  Petra Sundström and Joachim Rosenberg   and elected Frida Norrbom Sams and Mark Williamson as board members. The general meeting re-elected Anders Nielsen as chair of the board.The registered accounting firm KPMG AB was re-elected as the company's auditor.The general meeting resolved that the chair of the board will receive SEK 970 000 and that each of the other board members will receive SEK 390 000 . In addition  the chair of the compensation committee will receive SEK 130 000 and member of the compensation committee will receive SEK 52 000 . Further  it was resolved that the chair of the audit committee will receive SEK 185 000 and member of said committee will receive SEK 78 000 .The general meeting resolved that fees will be paid to the auditor according to approved current account.Instructions for the nomination committeeThe general meeting resolved  in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal  on instructions for the nomination committee. The proposal is available in full in the notice for the general meeting. The main change consists of the chair of the board becoming an adjunct member of the nomination committee  instead of an ordinary member.Approval of remuneration reportThe general meeting resolved  in accordance with the board's proposal  to approve the board's remuneration report on remuneration to the CEO in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Performance based incentive programme (LTI 2024)In accordance with the board's proposal  the general meeting resolved to implement a long-term performance based incentive programme  LTI 2024. The programme is offered to up to 11 senior executives  including the CEO  and 25 other key employees (total of 37 employees)  who are offered  free of charge  to receive a performance share award entitling the participant to receive an allocation of a number of Concentric shares free of charge  subject to the satisfaction of certain performance conditions. Any performance shares will be allocated after the expiration of the three-year vesting period  which begins on the date decided by Concentric and notified to the participant in LTI 2024 and continues until the day of publication of the interim report for Q1 of the 2027 financial year.The LTI 2024 may result in annual costs of no more than MSEK 8.5 for Concentric if the performance criteria are fully met  and an annual share price growth of 15 per cent is assumed. In addition to this  social security charges will apply in the year of vesting  2027. Social security charges may amount to no more than MSEK 1.8 annually  based on the same assumptions.Issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrantsAs one of several options to secure a cost-efficient supply of Concentric shares for transfer under the LTI 2024  the general meeting adopted the board's proposal to issue  free of charge  154 260 warrants to its wholly-owned subsidiary Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB. Should the board choose the option to utilize the warrants for delivery of shares under the LTI 2024  the dilution effect will total 0.5 per cent  otherwise the warrants will lapse and the dilution effect be nil.Furthermore  the general meeting resolved to approve that Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB  on one or more occasions  may transfer warrants to the participants in LTI 2024 in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2024  and otherwise dispose of the warrants in order to cover costs related to  or fulfil obligations occurring under  LTI 2024.Acquisitions and transfers of own sharesIn accordance with the board's proposal  the general meeting resolved to authorise the board to acquire and/or transfer own shares  which in the latter case may be resolved on with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on one or more occasions until the annual general meeting 2025.Acquisition of the company's own shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  for the purpose of being able to improve the company's capital structure and to enable share transfers in accordance with the authorisation for the board to transfer own shares and resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2021-2024  to increase the flexibility for the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  as well as to cover costs for LTI 2021-2024 and enable delivery of shares in accordance with LTI 2021-2024. The company's total holdings of own shares must not at any time exceed 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company.Transfer of the company's own shares may be done for the purpose of being able to improve the company's capital structure  to cover costs relating to LTI 2021-2024 (including costs related to the JSOP) as well as to increase the flexibility of the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  by facilitating a fast and cost-efficient financing by divesting holdings of own shares. Transfer of own shares can be made either on Nasdaq Stockholm or in another manner  and the maximum number of shares that may be transferred is the total number of own shares held by the company at the time of the board's resolution to transfer the shares.In accordance with the board's proposal  the general meeting also approved transfers of own shares to participants in the LTI 2024 on the terms and conditions that apply for the incentive programme.CONTACT:For additional information please contact Marcus Whitehouse   telephone +44-121-445 6545; marcus.whitehouse@concentricab.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/concentric-ab/r/report-from-concentric-ab-s-annual-general-meeting-on-april-18--2024 c3961277The following files are available for download:View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/report-from-concentric-abs-annual-general-meeting-on-april-18-2024-302120978.htmlSOURCE Concentric AB,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Concentric AB', 'Report', 'April', 'subsidiary Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB', 'long-term performance based incentive programme', 'annual share price growth', 'Martin Sköld', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Claes Magnus Åkesson', 'Petra Sundström', 'Frida Norrbom Sams', 'registered accounting firm', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'social security charges', ""shareholders' preferential rights"", 'performance share award', '25 other key employees', 'three-year vesting period', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'annual general meeting', 'other board members', 'Concentric AB', 'KPMG AB', 'performance criteria', 'performance conditions', 'performance shares', 'annual costs', 'income statements', 'balance sheets', 'Concentric shares', 'full details', 'complete proposals', 'Karin Gunnarsson', 'Anders Nielsen', 'Joachim Rosenberg', 'Mark Williamson', 'current account', 'main change', 'up to', '11 senior executives', 'interim report', '15 per cent', 'same assumptions', 'several options', 'cost-efficient supply', 'dilution effect', 'latter case', 'compensation committee', 'audit committee', 'nomination committee', 'financial year', 'remuneration report', 'adjunct member', 'ordinary member', 'main resolutions', 'record date', 'personal liability', 'The LTI', '37 employees', 'LTI 2024', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Thursday', 'referral', 'notice', 'AGM', 'company', 'website', 'concentricab', 'Adoption', 'Dividend', 'accordance', 'SEK', 'Monday', 'Discharge', 'position', 'CEO', 'auditors', 'chair', 'addition', 'fees', 'Instructions', 'Approval', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'total', 'participant', 'allocation', 'number', 'satisfaction', 'expiration', 'publication', 'Q1', 'Issue', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'delivery', 'one', 'occasions', 'terms', 'order', 'obligations', 'Acquisitions', 'deviation']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,investorsobserver.com
39497,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SDIPTECH-AB-39437116/news/Sdiptech-AB-publ-Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2024-46470525/,Sdiptech AB (publ) - Notice of annual general meeting 2024,(marketscreener.com) Press release18 April 2024  17:40 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 OF SDIPTECH AB The shareholders of Sdiptech AB   reg. no. 556672-4893 are hereby convened to the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2024  at IVA   Grev Turegatan 16  11…,"Press release18 April 2024  17:40NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL)The shareholders of Sdiptech AB (publ)  reg. no. 556672-4893 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2024  at IVA (Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences)  Grev Turegatan 16  114 46 i Stockholm.The Board has decided  with the support of § 12 of the Company's Articles of Association  that those shareholders who are unable or unwilling to physically participate in the meeting shall be able to submit their votes in advance by so-called postal voting. More information about it below.General requirements for participationShareholders who wish to participate in the meeting  regardless of whether this is done physically or by postal vote  must be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  14 May 2024.Shareholders with nominee-registered shares must temporarily have the shares re-registered in their own name as of the record date and contact should be made with the bank / nominee well in advance. The nominee has the opportunity to make such voting rights retroactive  however  no later than 16 May 2024 in order for it to be taken into account when presenting the share register.Requirements for participation through physical presence in the meeting roomShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must also register with the Company no later than 16 May 2024.Registration for the meeting must be made either via a digital form available via the company's website www.sdiptech.se  or by e-mail to sdiptech@postrosta.se or by regular mail to Sdiptech AB  Att: Annual General Meeting  Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm.When registering  shareholders must state their name  telephone number during the day and personal or organization number. Shareholders or their representatives have the right to include a maximum of two assistants. The number of assistants must be pre-registered in the same way as the shareholder.Shareholders represented by proxy must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which should be sent to the Company before the meeting in the manner specified above together with registration certificates for owners who are legal persons  which show that those who signed the power of attorney are competent. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.seRequirements for participation by postal voting in advanceThe shareholder who only refers to postal voting must send in their votes no later than 16 May 2024  through a digital form that is available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.se. No separate registration is required for those who only wish to vote by mail  since a submitted postal voting form is considered a registration.Shareholders who vote by postal voting  represented by proxy  must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which is attached to the digital postal voting form together with proof of registration for owners who are legal persons  which shows that those who signed the power of attorney are authorized. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.seProposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors’ report and the consolidated accounts and the auditors’ report on the consolidated accounts Presentation by the CEO  and shareholders’ questions to the Board of Directors and management of the Company Resolution on: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the groups’ income statement and balance sheet; allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheet; discharge of liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Determination of fees for the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Election of Auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting Resolution on the Nomination Committee for the annual general meeting of 2025 Presentation of the board’s remuneration report for approval Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior management Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrants Resolution on a long-term performance-based share program for employees Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to repurchase and transfer own class B shares Closing of the meetingProposals for resolutionsProposals from the Nomination Committee under item 2 and 10 - 152) Jan Samuelson  Chairman of the board  is proposed to be appointed as chairman of the meeting.10) The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of five members with no deputy members.11) Total fees of SEK 2 090 000 (last year 1 990 000) are proposed to be paid to the Board of Directors  of which SEK 870 000 (830 000) is to be paid to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 305 000 (290 000) is to be paid to each member of the Board of Directors. For the Company’s Audit Committee  a fee of SEK 195 000 (160 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 65 000 (55 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Investment Committee  a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Remuneration Committee  a fee of SEK 40 000 (40 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 20 000 (20 000) to be paid to each member (one member). Auditors’ fees are proposed to be payable in accordance with approved invoice.The Nomination Committee's motivationThe nomination committee believes that the renumeration levels should be market-based to ensure that the company can attract and retain board members with the relevant qualifications. The nomination committee has based its compensation proposal on an evaluation of board fees regarding comparable companies in Sweden.12) Proposed re-election of Johnny Alvarsson  Jan Samuelson and Birgitta Henriksson and new election of Kristina Schauman and Joakim Landholm as members of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting. Detailed description of the Board's members for re-election and new election can be found on the company's website. All proposed members are independent in relation to both Sdiptech and its senior executives as well as to the company’s major shareholders.Kristina Schauman holds a Master of Science in Economics and Business Administration from the Stockholm School of Economics. Kristina has previously been CFO of  among others  OMX AB  Carnegie Investment Bank AB and Apoteket AB  as well as CFO of Investor AB. Today she runs her own consulting firm  and is a board member and chairman of the audit committee in Afry AB  BEWi ASA  Coor Service Management AB  Ahlstrom Oyi and Ellos Group AB  as well as board member in Viaplay Group AB.Shareholding in Sdiptech AB: 0 sharesJoakim Landholm holds a Master of Science in Economics and Business Administration from the Stockholm School of Economics. Since February 2022  Joakim has held a key role within SKF as Senior Vice President Group Operations and Chief Sustainability Officer. Prior to his current role  Joakim has a background from several leading positions such as CEO of Hector Rail  Chief Commercial Officer at Scandinavian Airlines AB as well as Codan/Trygg Hansa  General Electric and Accenture.Shareholding in Sdiptech AB: 2 943 B-shares (directly and via company)The Nomination Committee's motivationThe Nomination Committee has  as a basis for its proposal  interviewed all members and taken note of the previous results of the external board evaluation. In addition  the Nomination Committee has analyzed the extent to which the current Board of Directors meets the requirements imposed on it  inter alia with regard to relevant experience and competence with regard to the company's operations and future development.The Nomination Committee has made the assessment that the proposed members have broad and relevant business and company management skills as well as specific experience in acquisition-related and financial issues. With the current number of members  five  the board is staffed for effective dialogue. All proposed members are deemed to be independent in relation to both the company  its senior executives and its major shareholders.13) Proposed re-election of Jan Samuelson as Chairman of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting.14) Proposed election of PwC Sweden as auditor of the Company until the end of the next annual general meeting  2025. Should the proposal be adopted  PwC intends to appoint Anna Rosendal as auditor in charge. The nomination committee’s proposal is consistent with the audit committee’s recommendation.15) The Nomination Committee proposes that the meeting resolves on the following principles for appointing the Nomination Committee for the next annual general meeting:General information about the nomination committeeThe nomination committee's term extends until a new nomination committee is appointed.The nomination committee's task shall be to submit proposals to the next annual general meeting regarding the number of board members  remuneration (including remuneration for committee work) to the chairman of the board and other members and to the auditor respectively  the composition of the board  chairman of the board  chairman of the annual general meeting  election of auditors and decisions on instructions for the nomination committee's work.The nomination committee must take into account that the board must have an appropriate composition with regard to the company's operations  stage of development and conditions in general  characterized by versatility and breadth regarding the competence  experience and background of the members elected by the general meeting. An even gender distribution must be pursued.The members of the nomination committee are subject to a duty of confidentiality regarding Sdiptech AB's affairs. At the Company's request  this obligation must be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality agreement.No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The company must be responsible for reasonable costs for the nomination committee to be able to carry out its tasks.The composition of the selection committeeThe nomination committee shall have three members. The nomination committee is appointed by the Company's chairman of the board contacting the three largest shareholders/owner groups in terms of votes (""Largest Owners"") in the Company as of 30 September of the year before the annual general meeting is held  according to the owner information in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (or that in another way are proved to be one of the Largest Owners). These three owners have the right to appoint one member each. If one of these waives this right  the next shareholder/owner group in order of voting size must be given the opportunity to appoint a member to the nomination committee. However  more than the ten largest shareholders do not need to be asked. The chairman of the board must be an adjunct member of the nomination committee and be the convener of the nomination committee's meetings.The CEO  or another person from the company's management  does not have the right to be a member of the nomination committee. The chairman of the nomination committee shall  unless the members agree otherwise  be the member appointed by the largest shareholder.The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months before the annual general meeting.Changes in the composition of the election committeeIf a new shareholder earlier than three months before the annual general meeting passes  in voting rights  one of the shareholders who have appointed a member to the nomination committee  this shareholder can contact the chairman of the nomination committee and request to appoint a member to the nomination committee. If that happens  the member appointed by the shareholder with the smallest number of votes must leave the nomination committee at the same time.If a shareholder who appointed a member to the nomination committee earlier than three months before the annual general meeting to the number of votes is no longer qualified to appoint such a member  this member must make his place available. The chairman of the nomination committee must then contact the shareholder with the largest number of votes who has not previously been offered a seat. If he does not want to appoint a member  the matter must be passed on to the next shareholder whose turn it is  as long as there is one within the scope of the ten largest shareholders in terms of votes.Shareholders who have appointed a member to the nomination committee have the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member at any time.Changes in the composition of the nomination committee must be announced as soon as they have taken place.Other resolutionsItem 4 – Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe board of directors proposes that Caroline Sjösten is elected to approve the minutes from the general meeting. The approval’s assignment also includes checking the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting.Item 9 b) – Resolution on allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the meeting resolves upon a dividend to shareholders of preference shares in accordance with the articles of association. Of the funds available to the Meeting  SEK 2 318 672 064  eight SEK per preference share  i.e. a total of SEK 14 000 000 shall be paid quarterly to the preference shareholders with one quarter of the total amount (i.e. two SEK per preference share) per occasion. The proposal is based on all outstanding preference shares as of the date of this notice (i.e. a total of 1 750 000 preference shares).Suggested record dates for the dividend are:June 14  2024  with estimated payment date on June 19  2024; September 13  2024  with estimated payment date on September 18  2024; December 13  2024  with estimated payment date on December 18  2024; and March 14  2025  with estimated payment date on March 19  2025.According to the Company's Articles of Association  as of the fourth anniversary of the initial issue (i.e.  as of March 4  2019) and for the period thereafter  the Company's preference shares may be redeemed in an amount corresponding to (i) SEK 105 plus (ii) any accrued portion of Preference Dividend together with (iii) any outstanding amount calculated with an amount corresponding to an annual interest. However  the redemption amount for each redeemed preference share shall never be less than the share's quota value.""Accrued portion of the Preference Dividend"" refers to the accrued Preference Dividend for the period beginning with the day after the last record date for dividends on preference shares up to and including the day of payment of the redemption amount. The number of days must be calculated based on the actual number of days in relation to 90 days.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid on ordinary shares of series A or ordinary shares of series B without balancing the remaining profit of SEK 2 304 672 064 in a new account  of which SEK 2 094 236 582 will be transferred to the premium fund and SEK 210 435 482 to retained earnings.Item 17 – Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior managementThe executive management of Sdiptech AB (publ) (“Sdiptech” or the “Company”) fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2024. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting. Share-related incentive plans are decided  where appropriate  by the General Meeting.Sdiptech is a technology group focused on infrastructure. Sdiptech’s business concept is to provide niched solutions to the infrastructure sector. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of Sdiptech’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that Sdiptech is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives. To this end  it is necessary that the Company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the Company to offer the senior executives a competitive total remuneration.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the total fixed cash salary under the measurement period for such criteria. In years when no long-term incentive program expires  however  the variable cash remuneration can amount to 100 per cent of the total fixed cash salary.For senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be based on a premium defined pension plan unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless required by mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  company cars  occupational health services and medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring). Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the above  as well as supplementary information in Appendix §17  which is posted on the Company's website.Item 18 – Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  until the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on one or several occasions resolve to issue ordinary shares  convertible instruments and/or warrants. Payment may be made in cash and/or with in kind or by way of set-off  or other conditions.The total increase of the number of ordinary shares  which includes issuance  conversion or subscription for new shares  may – where it entails a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – correspond to a dilution of a maximum of 10 percent of the current number outstanding ordinary shares  adjusted for any splits or similar. The authorization shall primarily be used for the purpose of acquisitions or financing thereof.A valid resolution requires that shareholders holding not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting vote in favor of the proposal.Resolution on a long term performance-based share program for employeesIn order to create conditions for motivating and retaining competent employees of the Sdiptech group as well as for the promotion of the company’s business strategy  long-term interest and a sustainable business  and for the alignment of the targets of the employees with those of the company  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt a long term incentive program (LTIP) in the form of a share saving program for selected employees in the group.Incentive programs for managers and senior executives in the group in the form of warrants for series B shares was introduced in 2018  divided into three series: series 2018/2021  series 2018/2022 and series 2018/2023. In 2021  a corresponding incentive program on warrants of series 2021/2024 was introduced  which currently has 337 625 warrants outstanding. At the annual general meeting in 2022  it was decided on another program  series 2022/2025  but this was not launched. In 2023  a new inventive program on warrants of series 2023/2026 was introduced  which currently has 305 150 warrants outstanding.Prior to this year's annual general meeting  the board of directors has explored the interest among key employees in the group for another warrant program and can conclude that the interest is relatively low. This should be seen in light of the fact that the programs of recent years have not resulted in any return on invested capital for the participants. For the 2021 program  the investment is expected to be lost. For the 2022 program the investment would also been lost  so far  if the program had been invested in and for the 2023 program the strike price is still significantly above the current share price. Consequently  the risk appetite and the investment capacity are more limited among key employees than in previous years.The board of directors considers it important that the company has an LTIP for key employees that is perceived as attractive and competitive. Against this background  the board of directors proposes to this annual general meeting a long-term performance-based share program in accordance with below.Adoption of a long term performance-based share program (19(a))Summary of the programThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt a long-term performance-based share program (the “Plan 2024”). The Plan 2024 is proposed to include not more than 50 employees within the Sdiptech group. The participants in the Plan 2024 are required to invest in the group by investing in class B shares in Sdiptech AB (publ) (“Saving Shares”). The participants will thereafter be granted the opportunity to receive class B shares free of charge in accordance with the Plan 2024  so called “Performance Shares”  in accordance with the terms set out below.Personal investmentIn order to participate in the Plan 2024  the participant must have made a private investment in the group by investing in Saving Shares  of which 50 per cent of each participant's Saving Shares may consist of already owned class B shares and 50 per cent must consist of class B shares acquired after 22 May 2024. For each Saving Share held under the Plan 2024  the company will grant participants a right to Performance Shares  entailing the right  provided that certain conditions are fulfilled  to receive up to three (3) Performance Shares free of charge (“Rights”).Moreover  and subject to the resolution of the annual general meeting under item 20 on the agenda  the company may enable the delivery of Saving Shares to the participants by purchasing own class B shares which can be transferred to the participants in the Plan 2024. The transfer price shall correspond to highest of (i) the average volume-weighted average share price of Sdiptech’s class B share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the closest period of five trading days immediately prior to the respective offer to acquire Saving Shares made to the participants and (ii) the average price paid for the class B shares acquired under item 20 on the agenda.Terms and conditionsA Right may be exercised provided that the participant  with certain exceptions  has kept its own original Saving Shares and has maintained its employment within the Sdiptech group up until and including the date of publication of the interim report for the first quarter 2027 (the “Vesting Period”).In addition to the requirement for the participant’s maintained employment and a retained Saving Share investment during the Vesting Period  certain conditions relating to the group’s adjusted EBITA growth per average outstanding ordinary share have also been adopted. Adjusted EBITA growth is based on the group's adjusted operating profit (EBITA) as defined in both internal and external reporting.Such growth shall  with certain exceptions in case of any extraordinary circumstances  be calculated on the basis of Sdiptech group’s annual reports for the financial years 2024  2025 and 2026. Each Right entitles to one (1) Performance Share for each financial year during the period 2024 up until and including 2026 where the adjusted EBITA growth (including costs for the program) per average outstanding ordinary share amounts to 15 per cent or more. Each Right may entitle to a maximum of three (3) Performance Shares. Each Right shall also entitle to three (3) Performance Shares if the company's average adjusted EBITA growth per average outstanding ordinary share (CAGR) over all three financial years amounts to 15 per cent or more  even if the adjusted EBITA growth per average outstanding ordinary share in a single financial year is less than 15 per cent.If the adjusted EBITA growth per average outstanding ordinary share is less than 15 per cent during all three financial years and if the company's average adjusted EBITA growth per average outstanding ordinary share (CAGR) over all three financial years is less than 15 per cent  the Rights do not entitle to any Performance Shares.The RightsThe Rights shall  in addition to what is set out above  be governed by the following terms and conditions:Rights are granted free of charge after adoption at the annual general meeting 2024 and no later than the annual general meeting 2025.Rights vest at the end of the Vesting Period.Rights may not be transferred or pledged.Each Right entitles the participant to receive up to three (3) Performance Shares free of charge after the end of the Vesting Period  if the participant  with certain exceptions  maintains its employment within the Sdiptech group and the original Saving Shares in the company until the time of the end of the Vesting Period.The maximum value per each participant’s Rights is limited to a value corresponding to a share price increase of the company's class B share on Nasdaq Stockholm of 300 per cent of the volume-weighted average price of the company's class B share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the closest period of ten trading days immediately prior to the offer of participation in the Plan 2024 (the ""Cap""). Should the value per Right exceed the Cap  the number of Performance Shares to be allotted will be reduced proportionally.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors  or the remuneration committee  shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of the Plan 2024  in accordance with the above terms and conditions. In connection therewith  the board of directors  or the remuneration committee  shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors  or the remuneration committee  may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Sdiptech group or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of the Plan 2024 no longer serve their purpose or the rationale for the proposal  including inter alia that adjustments may be decided with respect to the terms and conditions for measuring performance  and the basis for such calculation  and growth targets under the Plan 2024  subject to the maximum number of Saving Shares and Performance Shares set out in the Plan 2024 approved by the annual general meeting.ParticipantsThe participants invited to invest in the Plan 2024 comprise employees within the Sdiptech group. The board of directors or the remuneration committee will resolve on the number of Saving Shares that each participant shall be entitled to invest in the Plan 2024  which shall be no less than 100 Saving Shares and no more than 3 000 Saving Shares  however in total aggregate no more than 30 000 Saving Shares.Allotment of Performance Shares under the Plan 2024In order to implement the Plan 2024 in a cost-efficient and flexible manner  the board of directors has considered different methods to ensure delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the Plan 2024. The board of directors has found the most cost-efficient alternative to be  and thus proposes that the annual general meeting as a main alternative  in accordance with item 19(b) below  resolves to authorise the board of directors to resolve on a directed share issue of not more than 90 000 class C shares to the participating bank and further to authorise the board of directors to subsequently resolve to repurchase the class C shares from the participating bank. The class C shares will then be held by the company  whereafter the appropriate number of class C shares will be reclassified into class B shares and subsequently be delivered to the participants under the Plan 2024.The board of directors further proposes that the general meeting resolves that not more than 90 000 class B shares may be transferred to the participants in accordance with the terms of the Plan 2024Should the majority requirement for item 19(b) below not be met  the board of directors proposes that Sdiptech shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 19(c) below.Scope and costs of the Plan 2024The Plan 2024 will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 which stipulates that the Rights should be recorded as personnel expenses during the Vesting Period. The costs for the Plan 2024  during its three years  are estimated to amount to a total of approximately SEK 16.1 million excluding social security costs  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2 based on the following assumptions: (i) that 30 000 Rights are allotted  (ii) a price of the company’s class B share at SEK 242.00 based on the closing price for the class B share as of 16 April 2024  (iii) an estimated average annual turnover of personnel of 10 per cent  (iv) an estimated average annual increase in the share price of 15 per cent  (v) an annual adjusted EBITA growth per average outstanding share during all financial years from 2024 up until and including 2026 of 15 per cent (i.e. maximum performance fulfilment)  and (vi) an annual dividend yield of 0 per cent.The costs for social security charges are estimated to a total of approximately SEK 7.6 million based on the above assumptions and a social security tax rate of 31.42 per cent. The total annual costs for the Plan 2024  based on the above assumptions  are thus estimated to approximately SEK 7.9 million  including social security costs and IFRS 2.In addition to what is set forth above  the costs for the Plan 2024 have been based on that the Plan 2024 comprises not more than 50 participants and that each participant exercises its maximum investment in the Plan 2024.Assuming that the maximum value per each participant’s Rights is reached  i.e. the Cap  that all participants invest up to the maximum in Saving Shares  that all participants have maintained their employment by the end of the Vesting Period  that all invested Saving Shares are retained under the Plan 2024 and that all conditions for allotment are fulfilled  the maximum cost for the Plan 2024 will be approximately SEK 21.8 million in accordance with IFRS 2. The corresponding cost for social security cost will be a maximum of approximately SEK 27.4 million. This means that the total maximum cost is estimated to be SEK 49.2 million for the entire period  i.e. a maximum of SEK 16.4 million per year.Effect on key ratios and dilutionUpon maximum allotment of Performance Shares  and provided that hedging measures under item 19(b)(i)-(iv) below are resolved by the general meeting  90 000 class B shares will be allotted under the Plan 2024  meaning a dilution of approximately 0.2 per cent of the number of outstanding ordinary shares in the company. Taking into account the maximum number of shares that may be issued  in accordance with all of the company’s outstanding incentive programs  the dilution effect is approximately 1.9 per cent.The annual cost of the Plan 2024  including personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 and social charges  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 7.9 million under the above assumptions (including maximum performance fulfilment)  which annually corresponds to 0.6 per cent of Sdiptech’s total personnel costs in 2023  including social charges.The costs are expected to have a limited effect on Sdiptech’s key ratios.The rationale for the proposalThe rationale for the Plan 2024 is to create conditions for motivating and retaining competent employees of the Sdiptech group as well as for the promotion of the company’s business strategy  long-term interest and a sustainable business  and for the alignment of the targets of the employees with those of the company  as well as to increase the motivation of meeting and exceeding Sdiptech’s financial targets. The Plan 2024 has been designed based on the view that it is desirable that employees within the Sdiptech group are shareholders in the company. Participation in the Plan 2024 requires a personal investment by acquisition of Saving Shares.By offering an allotment of Rights  the participants are rewarded for increased shareholder value. Further  the Plan 2024 rewards employees’ continued loyalty and thus the long-term value growth in the company. Against this background  the board of directors is of the opinion that the adoption of the Plan 2024 will have a positive effect on the Sdiptech group’s future development and thus be beneficial for both the company and its shareholders.Preparations of the proposalThe company’s board of directors and its remuneration committee have prepared this Plan 2024 in consultation with external advisors. The Plan 2024 has been reviewed by the board of directors at board meetings held in March and April 2024. For a description of the company’s other long-term incentive programs  please see Sdiptech’s annual report for 2023  note 7  and the company’s website www.sdiptech.se.Hedging arrangements in respect of the Plan 2024Proposal for resolution to amend the articles of association  authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on a directed issue of class C shares  authorisation to repurchase issued class C shares and to transfer own ordinary shares to participants of the incentive programs (items 19(b)(i)-(iv))All resolutions under item 19(b)(i)-(iv) are proposed to be conditioned upon each other  as well as item 19(a)  and are therefore proposed to be adopted in conjunction.Proposal for a resolution to amend the articles of association (item 19(b)(i))In order to enable the issue of class C shares under the Plan 2024  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association. The proposed amendments entail  inter alia  that the company introduces a new class of shares  class C shares  whereby § 6 and § 7 of the articles of association are supplemented.The board of directors proposes in general the following:§ 6 is proposed to be supplemented so that class C shares can be issued. Class C shares have one-tenth of a vote per share. Class C shares may be issued in a number corresponding to the entire share capital.§ 6 is proposed to be supplemented so that class C shares do not entitle to dividends. Upon the dissolution of the company  class C shares do not carry any right to distribution of assets.§ 6 is proposed to be supplemented so that the company’s board of directors may decide to reduce the share capital by redeeming all class C shares for a redemption amount for each redeemed class C share corresponding to the quota value.§ 7 is proposed to be supplemented so that a class C share held by the company shall be converted to a class B share upon resolution by the board of directors.Authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on a directed issue of class C shares (item 19(b)(ii))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorise the board of directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2025  on one or more occasions  to increase the company’s share capital by not more than SEK 2 250 by the issue of not more than 90 000 class C shares  each with a quota value of SEK 0.025. With deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the authorisation and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to participants under the Plan 2024.Authorisation for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase own class C shares (item 19(b)(iii))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorise the board of directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2025  on one or more occasions  to repurchase its own class C shares. The repurchase may only be effected through a public offer directed to all holders of class C shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired class C shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorisation is to ensure delivery of Performance Shares under the Plan 2024.Transfer of own class B shares (item 19(b)(iv))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that class C shares that the company acquires based on the authorisation to repurchase own class C shares in accordance with item 19(b)(iii) above  may  following the reclassification into class B shares  be transferred to participants in the Plan 2024 in accordance with the adopted terms and conditions.The board of directors further proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that a maximum of 90 000 class B shares may be transferred to participants in accordance with the terms of the Plan 2024. The number of shares that can be transferred is subject to recalculation as a result of an in-between bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or similar events.The board of director's statement in accordance with Chapter 19 Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal.Equity swap agreement with a third party (item 19(c))Should the majority requirement under item 19(b) above not be met  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the expected financial exposure of the Plan 2024 shall be hedged so that Sdiptech can enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer class B shares of Sdiptech to the participants.Majority requirementA valid resolution by the general meeting in respect of the item 19(b) above requires support by shareholder representing not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to repurchase and transfer own class B sharesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorises the board of directors to – at one or several occasions and for the time period until the next annual general meeting – resolve on repurchase and transfer of own class B shares in accordance with the following main terms:Acquisition of own class B shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm. A maximum of 30 000 class B shares may be acquired. Acquisitions may only take place at a price within the price interval  on any occasion  recorded on Nasdaq Stockholm  which refers to the interval between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. The number of class B shares transferred may not exceed the company’s holding of own shares at the time of the board of director’s decision to transfer shares. Transfer of class B shares acquired in accordance with the above may take place outside of Nasdaq Stockholm with or without deviation from shareholders’ preferential rights. Transfer may take place against consideration in cash. The transfer price shall correspond to highest of (i) the average volume-weighted average share price of Sdiptech’s class B share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the closest period of five trading days immediately prior to the respective offer to acquire Saving Shares made to the participants and (ii) the average price paid for the class B shares acquired under this authorisation.The purpose of the proposed authorisation is to enable the company to transfer own class B shares  in a maximum number of 30 000 to participants in Plan 2024  as described in item 19  as Saving Shares.A valid resolution by the general meeting in respect of this item requires support by shareholder representing not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.The board of director's statement in accordance with Chapter 19 Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal.OtherComplete proposals for resolutions  accounting documents  auditor's report and other documents prior to the Annual General Meeting are available at the Company's office at Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm and on the Company's website https://www.sdiptech.se no later than 30 April 2024. The documents are sent free of charge to the shareholders who specifically request it and state their postal address.The Annual General Meeting share register will be kept available at the Company's offices.The total number of shares in the Company as of the date of the notice amounts to 39 741 938 shares  divided into 1 750 000 preference shares with one vote each  1 424 000 A shares with ten votes each and 36 567 938 Class B shares with one vote each. The total number of votes in the company is 52 557 938. As of the date of this notice  the company does not hold any own shares.The Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting on matters that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the Company's assessment. or subsidiary's financial situation and the Company's relationship with another group company.The information will be available on the company's website and office no later than five days before the meeting. The information is also sent to the shareholder who requested it and provided his address.A general description of how your personal data is handled prior to the Annual General Meeting can be found on Euroclear's website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________Stockholm April 2024Sdiptech AB (publ)Board of DirectorsFor additional information  please contact:Bengt Lejdström  CEO  +46 702 74 22 00  bengt.lejdstrom@sdiptech.comSdiptech’s common shares of series B are traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the short name SDIP B with ISIN code SE0003756758. Sdiptech’s preferred shares are traded under the short name SDIP PREF with ISIN code SE0006758348. Further information is available on the company's website: www.sdiptech.seSdiptech is a technology group that acquires and develops market-leading niche operations that contribute to creating more sustainable  efficient and safe societies. Sdiptech has approximately SEK 5 000 million in sales and is based in Stockholm.The information was provided by the above contact persons for publication 18 April 2024  at 17:40 CEST.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Sdiptech AB', 'Notice', 'next annual general meeting Resolution', 'long-term performance-based share program', 'digital postal voting form', 'Royal Swedish Academy', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'groups’ income statement', 'class B shares', 'voting list Election', 'senior management Resolution', 'digital form', 'annual accounts', 'share register', 'voting rights', 'General requirements', 'postal vote', 'meeting room', 'Press release', 'Engineering Sciences', 'Grev Turegatan', 'More information', 'record date', 'physical presence', 'same way', 'legal persons', 'longer period', 'five years', 'two persons', 'auditors’ report', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', 'Nomination Committee', 'CEO Resolution', 'nominee-registered shares', 'one year', 'SDIPTECH AB', 'approval Resolution', 'meeting Determination', 'telephone number', 'organization number', 'two assistants', 'auditor Election', 'remuneration report', 'registration certificates', 'Proxy forms', 'separate registration', 'Company Resolution', 'regular mail', 'Directors Election', 'shareholders’ questions', 'April', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', '22 May', 'IVA', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'support', 'Articles', 'Association', 'votes', 'advance', 'participation', 'name', 'contact', 'opportunity', '16 May', 'order', 'website', 'postrosta', 'Att', 'Nybrogatan', 'day', 'personal', 'representatives', 'maximum', 'power', 'manner', 'owners', 'signed', 'proof', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'minutes', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'authorization', 'issue', 'convertibles', 'warrants', 'employees', 'Clo']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39498,Euroclear,Bing API,https://tass.com/world/1778091,EU ministers to discuss use of Russian assets for Ukraine on April 22 — EU official,Earlier  President of the European Commission  Ursula von der Leyen  said that the European Union intends to invest the first 2.5-3 billion euros of profits raised from seized Russian assets in milita,"BRUSSELS  April 19. /TASS/. Foreign and defense ministers of the European Union countries will discuss the use of Russia's frozen assets for Ukraine at a meeting on April 22  a high-ranking EU official told reporters in Brussels.""I am sure that the ministers will discuss this issue on Monday (April 22 - TASS)  but I cannot say that a decision will be made "" he said. According to the diplomat  European services are still discussing possible withdrawal of profits from Russian assets and transferring them to the EU budget  after which the funds can be used to provide military assistance to Ukraine.Earlier  President of the European Commission (EC)  Ursula von der Leyen  said that the European Union intends to invest the first 2.5-3 billion euros of profits raised from seized Russian assets in military assistance for Ukraine. At an informal summit in Brussels the heads of state and government of the European Union called for the prompt adoption of the EC proposal to use such profits.The EU  US  Japan and Canada seized Russia's assets in the amount of about $300 billion after the start of the special military operation. Of this  about $5-6 billion is located in the United States  and most of it is in Europe  including the Euroclear international platform in Belgium. The European Commission previously approved a proposal to use proceeds from blocked Russian funds to provide assistance to Kiev.As EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Josep Borrell said  this initiative provides for the transfer of 90% of the Russian Federation’s revenues for the purchase of shells for Ukraine and the transfer of 10% to the EU budget for subsequent support of the Ukrainian military-industrial complex. The first deductions can be made as early as July.The Bank of Russia’s Chief  Elvira Nabiullina  said that if the West uses frozen Russian assets  the Bank of Russia will take appropriate measures to protect its interests.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,negative,0.04,0.37,0.59,True,English,"['EU ministers', 'Russian assets', 'EU official', 'use', 'Ukraine', 'April', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'first 2.5-3 billion euros', 'Euroclear international platform', 'Ukrainian military-industrial complex', 'special military operation', 'high-ranking EU official', 'EU High Representative', 'European Union countries', 'The European Commission', 'frozen Russian assets', 'first deductions', 'European services', 'EU budget', 'Russian Federation', 'possible withdrawal', 'military assistance', 'informal summit', 'prompt adoption', 'United States', 'Security Policy', 'Josep Borrell', 'subsequent support', 'The Bank', 'Elvira Nabiullina', 'appropriate measures', 'Russian funds', 'defense ministers', 'Foreign Affairs', 'EC proposal', 'BRUSSELS', 'April', 'TASS', 'use', 'Ukraine', 'meeting', 'reporters', 'issue', 'Monday', 'decision', 'diplomat', 'profits', 'President', 'heads', 'government', 'Japan', 'Canada', 'amount', 'start', 'Belgium', 'proceeds', 'Kiev', 'initiative', 'transfer', 'revenues', 'purchase', 'shells', 'July', 'Chief', 'West', 'interests']",2024-04-19,2024-04-19,tass.com
39499,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.kyivpost.com/post/31355,OPINION: Ukraine - Time for Belgium and Euroclear to Pay Up,Securing Ukraine’s war time financing with the use of immobilized Russian assets cannot be delayed any further.,It is interesting that the ECB and EU seem to be closing ranks around Euroclear on the debate around using immobilized Russian assets for Ukraine. The Belgian depository is being ring fenced now as “systemic - with the argument going that we cannot go after Russian assets there as it might risk a run on the euro or legal action by Moscow which could risk the stability of the Belgian based depository.Both arguments appear more like scaremongering (bollox actually - excuse my French or Flemish) and indeed if Euroclear was so systemically important then it could be indemnified against any future lawsuits by Moscow by the EU. I would argue that the defeat of Ukraine by Russia  which would send Red Army tanks West again  is a much bigger and more likely systemic risk to Europe  and the euro  if we don’t secure Ukraine’s war time financing with the use of immobilized Russian assets.AdvertisementAs yet the IMF’s numbers don’t add up and I just doubt the long-term commitment by Western taxpayers to spend $100 billion a year to keep Ukraine in the war - actually we are already failing here as reflected in ammo shortages now on the front line. The only assured source of long-term financing is from immobilized Russian assets.Meanwhile  the IMF is asking private creditors - pensioners - to stump up a $14.8 billion financing contribution to Ukraine via a new debt treatment. All well and good (creditors have already halted debt service payments to August 2024 and in a worst case scenario likely will extend that service halt to run in parallel to the Paris Club service suspension to 2027 - which will get close to the $14.8 billion financing contribution anyway) but how about first/also getting Belgium to stump up the EUR6-7 billion in interest earned on immobilized Russian assets.Other Topics of Interest Did Peace Between Russia and Ukraine Slip Through Their Fingers in April 2022? In June during a televised broadcast President Putin held up what he said was the 2022 “peace agreement” that Ukraine had “thrown aside.” Newly acquired documents give context to his claim.As yet  the EU is only talking about utilizing the interest earned on these assets from 2024. Why? It is beyond me why Belgium gets to profiteer from the war by keeping the earnings from 2022-23. And how about Euroclear contributing the profits made on its business managing Russian central bank reserves way back in time when it was already clear that Russia was a fascist state acting in a malign manner against the West. How far back?AdvertisementPerhaps 2008 and the invasion of Georgia  the poisoning of Litvinenko or Skrypal  or 2014 and the annexation of Crimea  and the first Russian invasion of Donbas - does Euroclear do ESG? I wonder.The IMF talks about burden sharing  but at the moment I only see Western taxpayers and creditors (pensioners paying) doing this so how about Russian taxpayers  Belgium  and Euroclear helping share the burden a bit?Reprinted from the author’s @tashecon blog! See the original here.The views expressed in this opinion article are the author’s and not necessarily those of Kyiv Post.,neutral,0.16,0.65,0.19,mixed,0.15,0.26,0.59,True,English,"['OPINION', 'Ukraine', 'Time', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'Paris Club service suspension', 'Russian central bank reserves', 'Red Army tanks', 'new debt treatment', 'debt service payments', 'worst case scenario', '$14.8 billion financing contribution', 'Belgian based depository', 'first Russian invasion', 'war time financing', 'Belgian depository', 'service halt', 'long-term financing', 'Russian taxpayers', 'Russian assets', 'legal action', 'future lawsuits', 'systemic risk', 'long-term commitment', 'Western taxpayers', 'ammo shortages', 'front line', 'Other Topics', 'President Putin', 'fascist state', 'malign manner', 'opinion article', 'Kyiv Post', '2022 “peace agreement', 'burden sharing', 'private creditors', 'The IMF', 'ECB', 'EU', 'ranks', 'debate', 'Ukraine', 'argument', 'run', 'Moscow', 'stability', 'bollox', 'French', 'Flemish', 'defeat', 'bigger', 'use', 'Advertisement', 'numbers', 'source', 'pensioners', 'August', 'parallel', 'Belgium', 'interest', 'Fingers', 'April', 'June', 'broadcast', 'documents', 'context', 'claim', 'earnings', 'profits', 'business', 'Georgia', 'poisoning', 'Litvinenko', 'Skrypal', 'annexation', 'Crimea', 'Donbas', 'ESG', 'moment', 'author', 'original', 'views']",2024-04-19,2024-04-19,kyivpost.com
39500,Clearstream,Bing API,https://financialit.net/news/investment/clearstream-invest-digital-vault-services,Clearstream to Invest in Digital Vault Services,Clearstream  Deutsche Börse’s post-trade business  intends to invest in Digital Vault Services (DVS)  a pioneering fintech offering issuance and safekeeping services for digital bank guarantees and sureties in Europe.,Clearstream to Invest in Digital Vault ServicesClearstream  Deutsche Börse’s post-trade business  intends to invest in Digital Vault Services (DVS)  a pioneering fintech offering issuance and safekeeping services for digital bank guarantees and sureties in Europe. The investment is subject to applicable regulatory approvals and finalisation of legal documentation.The investment enables DVS to further enhance and broaden its offering as a market infrastructure solution for corporates and financial institutions. The mid-term plan will be to integrate DVS’s Guarantee Vault with D7  the digital post-trade platform of Deutsche Börse and its post-trade business Clearstream. This will allow D7 for the first time to expand its digital asset product portfolio to non-securities.With DVS’s established offering in Europe coupled with Clearstream’s leverage and experience offering market infrastructure solutions and connectivity  both parties seek to bring added value to the trade finance ecosystem of corporates  banks and insurers.Jens Hachmeister  Head of Issuer Services & New Digital Markets at Clearstream  said: “Digital leadership is a central part of Deutsche Börse Group’s Horizon 2026 strategy. The companies’ shared commitment to market innovation makes DVS a perfect fit for Deutsche Börse and Clearstream. We are convinced that DVS’s innovative approach to digital bank guarantees  combined with D7’s track record in digitising securities and Clearstream’s central role in global financial markets  will drive significant growth and deliver value for our clients and ultimately the entire financial industry.”Ludger Janssen  Co-CEO of Digital Vault Services  added: “Clearstream has emerged as a strategic ally for DVS  echoing our dedication to streamlining processes and recognizing the transformative potential of digitisation in the financial industry  in particular with regards to guarantee management. With technology as our foundation  together with Clearstream and our central and digital guarantee registry  we foresee a unique end-to-end solution that disrupts and modernises outdated procedures with unparalleled efficiency.”Jaime Gimeno  Co-CEO of Digital Vault Services  added: “Back in 2018  when designing a solution to the cumbersome paper-based process for issuing and storing guarantees  we took inspiration from the central securities depository model used in the securities industry. This strategic partnership with Clearstream now represents a major milestone in our growth journey towards becoming the recognized market infrastructure solution for guarantees in Europe. As we move forward the partnership also positions DVS for exciting new use cases and instruments.”The investment will be done in exchange for a minority stake and is expected to be completed in H2/2024  subject to applicable regulatory approvals and finalisation of legal documentation.Digitising financial marketsToday’s financial markets are highly fragmented with isolated technology solutions  resulting in slow processes  high error rates and costs for all market participants. Digital solutions aim to counter these problems by connecting networks and market players across system boundaries  thereby boosting transparency  process efficiency and technology interoperability.Deutsche Börse and its post-trade business Clearstream provide with their digital post-trade platform D7 a fully digital alternative to conventional physical issuance and managing of financial securities  reducing the time-to-market for securities from days to minutes.With its Guarantee Vaults product  DVS provides a digital solution allowing corporates to centrally issue and store bank guarantees that are required across different segments as industry standard.,neutral,0.26,0.73,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.27,0.24,True,English,"['Digital Vault Services', 'Clearstream', 'exciting new use cases', 'digital asset product portfolio', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'pioneering fintech offering issuance', 'central securities depository model', 'conventional physical issuance', 'applicable regulatory approvals', 'trade finance ecosystem', 'high error rates', 'New Digital Markets', 'cumbersome paper-based process', 'Digital Vault Services', 'digital post-trade platform', 'market infrastructure solutions', 'digital guarantee registry', 'global financial markets', 'isolated technology solutions', 'entire financial industry', 'digital bank guarantees', 'Digital solutions', 'Vaults product', 'Guarantee Vault', 'Digital leadership', 'digital alternative', 'safekeeping services', 'Issuer Services', 'process efficiency', 'post-trade business', 'financial institutions', 'market innovation', 'market participants', 'market players', 'central part', 'central role', 'industry standard', 'end solution', 'financial securities', 'securities industry', 'legal documentation', 'mid-term plan', 'Jens Hachmeister', 'Horizon 2026 strategy', 'perfect fit', 'innovative approach', 'track record', 'significant growth', 'Ludger Janssen', 'strategic ally', 'transformative potential', 'guarantee management', 'unique end', 'outdated procedures', 'unparalleled efficiency', 'Jaime Gimeno', 'major milestone', 'growth journey', 'minority stake', 'system boundaries', 'technology interoperability', 'different segments', 'first time', 'added value', 'strategic partnership', 'slow processes', 'Clearstream', 'DVS', 'sureties', 'Europe', 'investment', 'finalisation', 'corporates', 'D7', 'leverage', 'experience', 'connectivity', 'parties', 'banks', 'insurers', 'Head', 'commitment', 'digitising', 'clients', 'Co-CEO', 'dedication', 'digitisation', 'regards', 'foundation', 'storing', 'inspiration', 'instruments', 'exchange', 'H2/20', 'costs', 'problems', 'networks', 'transparency', 'managing', 'days', 'minutes']",2024-04-19,2024-04-19,financialit.net
39501,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://financialit.net/news/investment/clearstream-invest-digital-vault-services,Clearstream to Invest in Digital Vault Services,Clearstream  Deutsche Börse’s post-trade business  intends to invest in Digital Vault Services (DVS)  a pioneering fintech offering issuance and safekeeping services for digital bank guarantees and sureties in Europe.,Clearstream to Invest in Digital Vault ServicesClearstream  Deutsche Börse’s post-trade business  intends to invest in Digital Vault Services (DVS)  a pioneering fintech offering issuance and safekeeping services for digital bank guarantees and sureties in Europe. The investment is subject to applicable regulatory approvals and finalisation of legal documentation.The investment enables DVS to further enhance and broaden its offering as a market infrastructure solution for corporates and financial institutions. The mid-term plan will be to integrate DVS’s Guarantee Vault with D7  the digital post-trade platform of Deutsche Börse and its post-trade business Clearstream. This will allow D7 for the first time to expand its digital asset product portfolio to non-securities.With DVS’s established offering in Europe coupled with Clearstream’s leverage and experience offering market infrastructure solutions and connectivity  both parties seek to bring added value to the trade finance ecosystem of corporates  banks and insurers.Jens Hachmeister  Head of Issuer Services & New Digital Markets at Clearstream  said: “Digital leadership is a central part of Deutsche Börse Group’s Horizon 2026 strategy. The companies’ shared commitment to market innovation makes DVS a perfect fit for Deutsche Börse and Clearstream. We are convinced that DVS’s innovative approach to digital bank guarantees  combined with D7’s track record in digitising securities and Clearstream’s central role in global financial markets  will drive significant growth and deliver value for our clients and ultimately the entire financial industry.”Ludger Janssen  Co-CEO of Digital Vault Services  added: “Clearstream has emerged as a strategic ally for DVS  echoing our dedication to streamlining processes and recognizing the transformative potential of digitisation in the financial industry  in particular with regards to guarantee management. With technology as our foundation  together with Clearstream and our central and digital guarantee registry  we foresee a unique end-to-end solution that disrupts and modernises outdated procedures with unparalleled efficiency.”Jaime Gimeno  Co-CEO of Digital Vault Services  added: “Back in 2018  when designing a solution to the cumbersome paper-based process for issuing and storing guarantees  we took inspiration from the central securities depository model used in the securities industry. This strategic partnership with Clearstream now represents a major milestone in our growth journey towards becoming the recognized market infrastructure solution for guarantees in Europe. As we move forward the partnership also positions DVS for exciting new use cases and instruments.”The investment will be done in exchange for a minority stake and is expected to be completed in H2/2024  subject to applicable regulatory approvals and finalisation of legal documentation.Digitising financial marketsToday’s financial markets are highly fragmented with isolated technology solutions  resulting in slow processes  high error rates and costs for all market participants. Digital solutions aim to counter these problems by connecting networks and market players across system boundaries  thereby boosting transparency  process efficiency and technology interoperability.Deutsche Börse and its post-trade business Clearstream provide with their digital post-trade platform D7 a fully digital alternative to conventional physical issuance and managing of financial securities  reducing the time-to-market for securities from days to minutes.With its Guarantee Vaults product  DVS provides a digital solution allowing corporates to centrally issue and store bank guarantees that are required across different segments as industry standard.,neutral,0.26,0.73,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.27,0.24,True,English,"['Digital Vault Services', 'Clearstream', 'exciting new use cases', 'digital asset product portfolio', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'pioneering fintech offering issuance', 'central securities depository model', 'conventional physical issuance', 'applicable regulatory approvals', 'trade finance ecosystem', 'high error rates', 'New Digital Markets', 'cumbersome paper-based process', 'Digital Vault Services', 'digital post-trade platform', 'market infrastructure solutions', 'digital guarantee registry', 'global financial markets', 'isolated technology solutions', 'entire financial industry', 'digital bank guarantees', 'Digital solutions', 'Vaults product', 'Guarantee Vault', 'Digital leadership', 'digital alternative', 'safekeeping services', 'Issuer Services', 'process efficiency', 'post-trade business', 'financial institutions', 'market innovation', 'market participants', 'market players', 'central part', 'central role', 'industry standard', 'end solution', 'financial securities', 'securities industry', 'legal documentation', 'mid-term plan', 'Jens Hachmeister', 'Horizon 2026 strategy', 'perfect fit', 'innovative approach', 'track record', 'significant growth', 'Ludger Janssen', 'strategic ally', 'transformative potential', 'guarantee management', 'unique end', 'outdated procedures', 'unparalleled efficiency', 'Jaime Gimeno', 'major milestone', 'growth journey', 'minority stake', 'system boundaries', 'technology interoperability', 'different segments', 'first time', 'added value', 'strategic partnership', 'slow processes', 'Clearstream', 'DVS', 'sureties', 'Europe', 'investment', 'finalisation', 'corporates', 'D7', 'leverage', 'experience', 'connectivity', 'parties', 'banks', 'insurers', 'Head', 'commitment', 'digitising', 'clients', 'Co-CEO', 'dedication', 'digitisation', 'regards', 'foundation', 'storing', 'inspiration', 'instruments', 'exchange', 'H2/20', 'costs', 'problems', 'networks', 'transparency', 'managing', 'days', 'minutes']",2024-04-19,2024-04-19,financialit.net
39502,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/18/2865109/0/en/JDE-Peet-s-signs-MOUs-with-Honduras-Peru-and-Rwanda-to-combat-coffee-related-deforestation.html,JDE Peet’s signs MOUs with Honduras  Peru and Rwanda to combat coffee-related deforestation,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam 18 April 2024  JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) has expanded its global effort to combat coffee-related deforestation by signing...,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam 18 April 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) has expanded its global effort to combat coffee-related deforestation by signing three Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs) with Peru  Honduras and Rwanda. This not only ensures continued access to the European market for smallholder farmers upon implementation of the EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR)  but crucially also fosters climate change resilience for coffee  which is imperative to ensuring that JDE Peet’s’ customers and consumers have continued access to a diversity of high-quality coffee products. JDE Peet’s has already signed MOUs to combat deforestation with Ethiopia  Papua New Guinea  Tanzania and Uganda.Honduras  Peru and Rwanda are committed to implementing JDE Peet’s’ innovative strategy to ensure all coffee is EUDR compliant  including the identification of coffee plots grown on land deforested after the 2020 cut-off date. A mutually agreed protocol will ensure that any coffee found to be in contravention of the new regulation is remediated. JDE Peet’s then works with farmers and local partners to assist in reforesting the land.This ground-breaking initiative  developed by JDE Peet’s in partnership with Enveritas  a global sustainability platform  uses a combination of high-resolution satellite imagery  artificial intelligence and on-the-ground verification to measure the extent of coffee-related deforestation. This approach allows local operators  governments  NGOs and farmers to better mitigate deforestation risks.To date  more than 90% of the coffee grown in the world has been mapped  representing a major step in the fight against deforestation. In addition to remediated deforested coffee plots  JDE Peet’s will bolster its efforts in regions at risk of deforestation  targeting the underlying issue of poverty by spearheading the advancement of regenerative agricultural practices.The new MOUs follow JDE Peet’s’ recent commitment to newly validated near-term and net-zero SBTi targets  including a specific SBTi Forest  Land and Agriculture (FLAG) target. SBTi FLAG is the world’s first framework for companies in land-intensive sectors to set science-based targets that include land-based emission reductions and removals.JDE Peet's is one of only 39 companies globally in the FMCG sector to have a net-zero target by 2050  and one of only 23 companies to have a FLAG target.JDE Peet’s’ commitments to combat deforestation are further captured in its expanded Forest Policy  which aims to protect forests through responsible sourcing principles and guidance and sets out expectations for suppliers. This includes a no-deforestation policy across JDE Peet’s’ primary deforestation-linked commodities  coffee  pulp & paper  palm oil and cocoa  with a target date of 31 December 2025.Laurent Sagarra  Vice President Sustainability at JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are very proud to further progress our efforts to combat deforestation through these new MOUs with Honduras  Peru and Rwanda. Deforestation  and its impact on climate change  poses a threat to our business  as we look to buy high-quality coffee beans from around the world to delight our customers and consumers. That is why JDE Peet’s is committed to working with our partners and governments to ensure we can grow coffee responsibly while helping to secure the livelihoods of millions of smallholder farmers.”For more information on JDE Peet's’ climate transition plan  please visit our Common Grounds programme.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,mixed,0.27,0.31,0.42,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'signs MOUs', 'coffee-related deforestation', 'Honduras', 'Peru', 'Rwanda', 'high-resolution satellite imagery', 'regenerative agricultural practices', 'land-based emission reductions', 'responsible sourcing principles', 'primary deforestation-linked commodities', 'Vice President Sustainability', 'Common Grounds programme', 'climate transition plan', 'global sustainability platform', 'Papua New Guinea', 'climate change resilience', 'specific SBTi Forest', 'net-zero SBTi targets', 'high-quality coffee products', 'high-quality coffee beans', 'EU Deforestation Regulation', 'new regulation', 'SBTi FLAG', 'science-based targets', 'net-zero target', 'Forest Policy', 'global effort', 'global workforce', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'three Memoranda', 'European market', 'innovative strategy', 'ground-breaking initiative', 'artificial intelligence', 'ground verification', 'local operators', 'major step', 'underlying issue', 'recent commitment', 'FLAG) target', 'first framework', 'land-intensive sectors', 'FMCG sector', 'FLAG target', 'palm oil', 'Laurent Sagarra', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'JDE Peet', 'new MOUs', '2020 cut-off date', 'target date', 'coffee-related deforestation', 'deforestation risks', 'deforestation policy', 'continued access', 'smallholder farmers', 'local partners', 'Enquiries Media', 'coffee plots', 'tea company', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'Understanding', 'Peru', 'Honduras', 'Rwanda', 'implementation', 'EUDR', 'customers', 'consumers', 'diversity', 'Ethiopia', 'Tanzania', 'Uganda', 'identification', 'protocol', 'contravention', 'partnership', 'Enveritas', 'combination', 'extent', 'approach', 'governments', 'NGOs', 'world', 'fight', 'addition', 'deforested', 'efforts', 'regions', 'poverty', 'advancement', 'near-term', 'Agriculture', 'companies', 'removals', 'commitments', 'forests', 'guidance', 'expectations', 'suppliers', 'pulp', 'paper', 'cocoa', '31 December', 'impact', 'threat', 'business', 'livelihoods', 'millions', 'information', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,globenewswire.com
39503,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/18/2865136/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-April-11-April-17-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 11 – April 17  2024,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 11 – April 17  2024  April 18  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert......,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 11 – April 17  2024April 18  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 161 992 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 11  2024  up to and including April 17  2024  for 22.9 million and at an average share price of €141.47.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 2 228 148 316.3 141.94For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have engaged a third party to execute €205 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 (0) 7765-391-824 t + 31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'External Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'April', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '44', '31']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,globenewswire.com
39504,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6161122651721924,Biophytis Announces New Scientific Advisory Board for its Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study in Obesity,"IND to be filed with the FDA in the coming weeks     PARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE /   April 18  2024 /  Biophytis SA (NASDAQ:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company spec...","Biophytis Announces New Scientific Advisory Board for its Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study in ObesityIND to be filed with the FDA in the coming weeksPARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / April 18  2024 / Biophytis SA (NASDAQ:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics for age-related diseases  today announces the formation of a new Scientific Advisory Board to support the advancement of its phase 2 OBA clinical study in obesity.This Scientific Advisory Board will be composed of a few worldwide medical experts in the field of obesity  including Professor Dennis Villareal from the USA and Professor Francisco Guarner from Spain. The OBA SAB will guide the company to develop BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone) in obesity  in combination with GLP1-RA  and will actively work towards the finalization of the OBA Phase 2 clinical study design. Biophytis plans to file for an Investigational New Drug (IND) application to start the OBA Phase 2 clinical study in the USA with FDA in the coming weeks.Prof. Dennis Villareal  Professor of Medicine-Endocrinology  Diabetes and Metabolism at Baylor College of Medicine Houston  Texas  comments: "" GLP-1 agonists have proven to be effective in body weight loss but they also may lead to potential loss of muscle mass in adults with obesity. Therefore  there is an urgent unmet medical need for a clinical study to evaluate whether a drug targeting muscle function such as BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone)can effectively preserve muscle strength during weight-loss therapy of patients with obesity treated with GLP1 RA.""Stanislas Veillet  CEO de Biophytis states: ""We are pleased to announce the appointment of Professor Dennis Villareal and Professor Francisco Guarner to the Scientific Advisory Board of the OBA Phase 2 study. Professor Villareal is a world-wide expert in the field of obesity  especially in the management of patients with obesity. He was a key investigator in our SARA-INT Phase 2 study in sarcopenia. Professor Francisco Guarner is a world-wide expert in the field of Internal Medicine  Gastroenterology and Hepatology.We are convinced that Professor Dennis Villareal and Professor Francisco Guarner can make a key contribution and guide us in our development program. We are preparing with the SAB to file for an IND to start the OBA phase 2 clinical study in the coming weeks.""The first two members of Biophytis' new Scientific Advisory Board for the OBA clinical study are:Prof. Dennis T. Villareal  MD  PhD  a Professor of Medicine-Endocrinology  Diabetes and Metabolismat Baylor College of Medicine  Houston  Texas  United States.He is a physician-scientist with specialty training in geriatrics and endocrinology. He has extensive clinical and research experience in examining the impact of lifestyle interventions in reversing frailty in older adults with obesity. His clinical and translational laboratories involve hormonal  nutritional  and behavioral/lifestyle interventions to retard or reverse the metabolic and physical complications of aging  including sarcopenia and type 2 diabetes. He is dedicated to research designed to inform practice guidelines with respect to optimal treatment strategies for older adults with obesity.Prof. Francisco Guarner  MD  PhD  a Professor of Internal Medicine  Gastroenterology and Hepatology at the Hospital Clinic in Barcelona and at the University Clinic of Navarra. He is well known for his research studies on liver cell cytoprotection with prostaglandins. He has been Visiting Scientist and Research Fellow at the Upjohn Company in Kalamazoo (Michigan)  the Royal Free Hospital (London)  the King's College Hospital (London)  and the Wellcome Research Laboratories (Beckenham). He is currently Consultant of Gastroenterology at the Digestive System Research Unit and Head of the Experimental Laboratory in University Hospital Vall d'Hebron (Barcelona). He is a member of the Scientific Committee of the Research Institution of University Hospital Vall d'Hebron (Barcelona).****About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of drug candidates for age-related diseases. BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone)  our lead drug candidate  is a small molecule in development for muscular (sarcopenia  phase 3 ready and Duchenne muscular dystrophy)  respiratory (Covid-19 phase 2-3 completed) and metabolic diseases (obesity  phase 2 to be started). The company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and the ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040). For more information  visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook """"believes """"expects """"potential """"continues """"may """"will """"should """"could """"seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of thesewords or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable.However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward- looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face» section from the Company's 2023 Financial Report available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis contactsInvestor relationsNicolas Fellmann  CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMediaAntoine Denry:antoine.denry@taddeo.fr- +33 6 18 07 83 27Nizar Berrada:nizar.berrada@taddeo.fr- +33 6 38 31 90 50SOURCE: BiophytisView the original press release on accesswire.com",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['New Scientific Advisory Board', 'Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study', 'Biophytis', 'Obesity', 'Investigational New Drug (IND) application', 'OBA Phase 2 clinical study design', 'urgent unmet medical need', 'New Scientific Advisory Board', 'Digestive System Research Unit', 'Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study', 'Prof. Dennis T. Villareal', 'OBA Phase 2 study', 'SARA-INT Phase 2 study', 'Prof. Dennis Villareal', 'worldwide medical experts', 'Prof. Francisco Guarner', 'first two members', 'optimal treatment strategies', 'liver cell cytoprotection', 'lead drug candidate', 'Royal Free Hospital', 'Professor Dennis Villareal', 'body weight loss', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Professor Francisco Guarner', 'University Hospital Vall', 'Duchenne muscular dystrophy', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'Wellcome Research Laboratories', 'The OBA SAB', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'CEO de Biophytis', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Professor Villareal', 'Scientific Committee', 'extensive clinical', 'drug targeting', 'drug candidates', 'University Clinic', 'Hospital Clinic', 'College Hospital', 'potential loss', 'translational laboratories', 'ordinary shares', 'research experience', 'research studies', 'Research Fellow', 'Research Institution', 'coming weeks', 'age-related diseases', 'BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone', 'Baylor College', 'GLP-1 agonists', 'muscle mass', 'muscle function', 'muscle strength', 'weight-loss therapy', 'GLP1 RA', 'Stanislas Veillet', 'world-wide expert', 'key investigator', 'key contribution', 'United States', 'specialty training', 'lifestyle interventions', 'physical complications', 'practice guidelines', 'Visiting Scientist', 'Experimental Laboratory', 'small molecule', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'looking statements', 'Upjohn Company', 'older adults', 'Internal Medicine', 'metabolic diseases', 'Biophytis SA', 'type 2 diabetes', 'development program', 'Ticker BPTS', 'Obesity', 'FDA', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ALBPS', 'therapeutics', 'formation', 'advancement', 'field', 'USA', 'Spain', 'combination', 'GLP1-RA', 'finalization', 'Medicine-Endocrinology', 'Metabolism', 'Houston', 'Texas', 'patients', 'appointment', 'management', 'sarcopenia', 'Gastroenterology', 'Hepatology', 'MD', 'PhD', 'physician-scientist', 'geriatrics', 'impact', 'frailty', 'aging', 'respect', 'Barcelona', 'Navarra', 'prostaglandins', 'Kalamazoo', 'Michigan', 'London', 'Beckenham', 'Consultant', 'Head', 'Hebron', 'respiratory', 'Covid-19', 'Massachusetts', 'ISIN', 'ADSs', 'Disclaimer', 'forward', 'cases', 'words', 'outlook']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,investorsobserver.com
39505,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/jde-peets-signs-mous-with-honduras-peru-and-rwanda-to-combat-coffee-related-deforestation,JDE Peet’s signs MOUs with Honduras  Peru and Rwanda to combat coffee-related deforestation,PRESS RELEASE Amsterdam 18 April 2024 JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) has expanded its global effort to combat coffee-related deforestation by signing three Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs) with Peru  Honduras and Rwanda. This not only ensures continued access t…,PRESS RELEASE Amsterdam 18 April 2024 JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) has expanded its global effort to combat coffee-related deforestation by signing three Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs) with Peru  Honduras and Rwanda. This not only ensures continued access t…,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.03,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'signs MOUs', 'coffee-related deforestation', 'Honduras', 'Peru', 'Rwanda', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'JDE Peet', 'global effort', 'coffee-related deforestation', 'three Memoranda', 'continued access', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'Understanding', 'MOUs', 'Peru', 'Honduras', 'Rwanda']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,financialpost.com
39506,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/vantiva-launches-the-homesight-care-suite-solution-for-the-home-care-market-with-initial-deployment-by-homewatch-caregivers-in-the-usa-302121169.html,Vantiva Launches the HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution for the Home Care Market with Initial Deployment by Homewatch CareGivers in the USA,LONDON and PARIS  April 18  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in home connectivity  today unveils its innovative HomeSight Care Suite  a sophisticated connected care system designed to meet the needs of care prov…,"LONDON and PARIS  April 18  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in home connectivity  today unveils its innovative HomeSight Care Suite  a sophisticated connected care system designed to meet the needs of care providers to deliver remote care in the home through connection  engagement  and monitoring. The solution has been deployed by Homewatch CareGivers  as the Homewatch Connect™ system — part of their Homewatch CareGivers Total Care Solutions™ personalized care offering.View PDF Vantiva Launches the HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution& for the Home Care Market& with Initial Deployment by Homewatch CareGivers in the USA""The HomeSight Care Suite from Vantiva is at the center of Homewatch Connect  providing a remote care capability as part of our overall hybrid care model"" says Todd Houghton  President of Homewatch CareGivers. ""As the home care industry continues to evolve  it's vital that we adopt technology such as Vantiva HomeSight to provide not just care  but companionship and support  helping to ensure that every individual receives the attention they deserve.""The Vantiva HomeSight Care Suite is an end-to-end solution that facilitates seamless and secure connections among caregivers  families  and individuals requiring home care — fostering social engagement  reducing isolation  and promoting longer independent living. Virtual environmental and lifestyle monitoring captures actionable data that improves the level of care.The system is designed to operate through a familiar TV-based platform  ensuring accessibility for individuals of varying technological proficiency. With Vantiva HomeSight solution  caregivers and families gain access to an array of features including video calling  photo sharing  remote environmental monitoring  and customizable care reminders and schedules.At the core of Vantiva HomeSight solution lies an integrated smart camera that enables real-time communication with clients in their homes  complemented by a secure  cloud-based management platform and environmental sensors that offer valuable insights into daily routines  providing a bigger picture of their overall well-being. Leveraging this technology  care providers can tap into data to personalize and optimize care plans based on the individual's needs and preferences.""Vantiva's deployment of the HomeSight solution marks a significant milestone in the diversification of our business and denotes the onset of a new era in our commitment to delivering unparalleled home connectivity. Stepping into the connected care market opens immense possibilities for the future of our company and aligns with a greater vision to enable positive change in the world through technology "" expressed Luis Martinez-Amago  CEO of Vantiva. ""The demand for technology-driven care options continues to grow  and Vantiva is thrilled to be at the forefront of this revolutionary movement""  Martinez-Amago added.Vantiva HomeSight solution currently supports English  Spanish  Dutch  and French  with availability in the EU and UK in addition to the USA  initially through Homewatch CareGivers.The Vantiva HomeSight team will be at this year's Care Show at ExCel London April 24-25th stand #G24.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2391341/Vantiva.pdfLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2388773/Vantiva_Logo.jpgContact:Vantiva Press Relationspress.relations@vantiva.comThatcher+Co. for Vantivavantiva@thatcherandco.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution', 'Home Care Market', 'Initial Deployment', 'Homewatch CareGivers', 'Vantiva', 'USA', 'Homewatch CareGivers Total Care Solutions™ personalized care offering', 'The Vantiva HomeSight Care Suite', 'The HomeSight Care Suite', 'innovative HomeSight Care Suite', 'secure, cloud-based management platform', 'overall hybrid care model', 'The Vantiva HomeSight team', 'HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution', 'sophisticated connected care system', 'connected care market', 'familiar TV-based platform', 'customizable care reminders', 'technology-driven care options', 'longer independent living', 'varying technological proficiency', 'integrated smart camera', 'remote care capability', 'Home Care Market', 'home care industry', 'View PDF Vantiva', 'Homewatch Connect™ system', 'Vantiva HomeSight solution', 'unparalleled home connectivity', 'global technology leader', 'Vantiva Press Relations', 'remote environmental monitoring', 'care providers', 'care plans', 'Care Show', 'secure connections', 'overall well-being', 'end solution', 'Vantiva vantiva', 'Virtual environmental', 'environmental sensors', 'Todd Houghton', 'lifestyle monitoring', 'video calling', 'photo sharing', 'real-time communication', 'valuable insights', 'daily routines', 'bigger picture', 'significant milestone', 'new era', 'immense possibilities', 'greater vision', 'positive change', 'revolutionary movement', '24-25th stand', 'Euronext Paris', 'Initial Deployment', 'social engagement', 'actionable data', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'ExCel London', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'needs', 'part', 'USA', 'center', 'President', 'companionship', 'support', 'individual', 'attention', 'seamless', 'families', 'isolation', 'level', 'accessibility', 'array', 'features', 'schedules', 'core', 'clients', 'preferences', 'diversification', 'business', 'onset', 'commitment', 'future', 'company', 'world', 'CEO', 'demand', 'forefront', 'English', 'Dutch', 'French', 'availability', 'UK', 'addition', 'year', 'G24', 'Logo', 'Contact', 'Thatcher+Co.', 'thatcherandco']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,prnewswire.co.uk
39507,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/18/2865634/0/en/ARGAN-Scrip-dividend-Subscribed-by-28-of-the-shareholding-in-2024.html,ARGAN: Scrip dividend - Subscribed by 28% of the shareholding in 2024,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  April 18  2024 – 5.45 pm     Scrip dividend:Subscribed by 28% of the shareholding in 2024      Following...,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  April 18  2024 – 5.45 pmScrip dividend:Subscribed by 28% of the shareholding in 2024Following the resolution voted at the Shareholders’ General Meeting on March 21  ARGAN specifies that the option for dividend payment in shares was chosen by its shareholders at a rate of 27.77%.Consequently  283 267 new shares will be issued and admitted on the Euronext Paris market  representing an increase of 1.2% of total shares.As of April 22  2024  the day on which 2023 dividend payment in cash and shares will be effective  the total number of voting rights and shares that form the capital of Argan will be as follows:March 31  2024 April 22  2024 Total number of shares that form the Company's capital 23 092 378 23 375 645 Theoretical total number of voting rights (1) 23 092 378 23 375 645 Actual total number of voting rights (2) 23 083 637 23 362 070(1) Including the number of shares deprived of voting rights (treasury shares within the framework of the liquidity contract)(2) Not including the number of shares deprived of voting rights2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Scrip dividend', 'ARGAN', 'shareholding', 'real estate investment company', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'Theoretical total number', 'Actual total number', 'Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'Euronext Paris market', 'French SIIC', 'General Assembly', 'General Secretary', 'Net sales', 'Press release', 'Scrip dividend', 'dividend payment', 'voting rights', 'liquidity contract', '2024 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', '2025 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'continental part', 'Euronext SBF', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'total shares', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'development milestones', '283,267 new shares', 'treasury shares', 'Thursday', 'April', 'shareholding', 'resolution', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'option', 'rate', 'increase', 'cash', 'capital', 'framework', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'January', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,globenewswire.com
39508,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CABKA-N-V-115395161/news/Cabka-announces-30-May-2024-AGM-Agenda-46466591/,Cabka announces 30 May 2024 AGM Agenda,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam 18 April 2024. Cabka N.V.   a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging   listed at Euronext Amsterdam  invites its shareholders to attend the Company's annual…,"Amsterdam 18 April 2024. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  invites its shareholders to attend the Company's annual general meeting (the “General Meeting”)  to be held on Thursday 30 May 2024 at 14.00 CEST.The Company looks forward to welcoming its shareholders in-person at Crown Plaza Amsterdam South  Room “Times Square”  George Gershwinlaan 101  1082 MT Amsterdam  the Netherlands. Registration for admission to the General Meeting starts at 13:00 CEST. The language of the General Meeting shall be English.AGENDA1. Opening2. Financial year 2023(a) report of the management board for the financial year 2023(b) remuneration report for the management board and supervisory board for the financial year 2023 (advisory voting item)(c) adoption of the company and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2023 including appropriation of the net result for the financial year 2023 (voting item)(d) distribution in relation to the financial year 2023 and related amendments of the articles of association (voting item)3. Discharge(a) discharge of the managing directors for the financial year 2023 (voting item)(b) discharge of the supervisory directors for the financial year 2023 (voting item)4. Reappointment of the external auditor for the financial year 2024 (voting item)5. Amendment articles of association (voting item)6. Authorization of the management board  subject to approval of the supervisory board  to repurchase ordinary shares (voting item)7. Designation of the management board  subject to approval of the supervisory board  as the competent body to (i) issue ordinary shares and (ii) restrict or exclude pre-emptive rights upon issuance of ordinary shares (voting item)8. Business update9. Any other business10. ClosingEXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE AGENDAAgenda item 2(a): Report of the management board for the financial year 2023Presentation by the management board on the performance of the Company in 2023 and discussion of the annual report of the management board drawn up in the English language  which is included in the 2023 annual report (which can be found on our website: https://investors.cabka.com/reporting-and-investor-library/reports-and-presentation).Agenda item 2(b): Remuneration report for the management board and supervisory board for the financial year 2023 (advisory voting item)In accordance with section 2:135b paragraph 2 Dutch Civil Code annually the remuneration report will be tabled to the General Meeting for an advisory vote. The remuneration report reports on the implementation and execution of the remuneration policies of the management board and supervisory board (the remuneration policy (which remuneration policy contains both policies) during the financial year 2023  can be found on our website: https://investors.cabka.com/corporate-governance/remuneration). The remuneration report is included on pages 83 – 90 of the 2023 annual report. Shareholders are requested to vote in favor of this remuneration report.Agenda item 2(c): Adoption of the company and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2023 including appropriation of the net result for the financial year 2023 (voting item)It is proposed to adopt the company and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2023 as prepared by the management board and included in the 2023 annual report. The financial statements have been drawn up in the English language and the audit has been performed byBDO Audit & Assurance B.V.The company financial statements for the financial year 2023 present a net loss of EUR 1 375 000.00. By adopting the company financial statements it is also resolved to allocate the net loss for the financial year 2023 to the accumulated deficits.Agenda item 2(d): Distribution in relation to the financial year 2023 and related amendments of the articles of association (voting item)As announced in the press release on 19 March 2024 and in accordance with the Company’s articles of association it is proposed by the management board  with the approval of the supervisory board  to distribute to the holders of ordinary shares a total amount of EUR 0.15 per ordinary share in cash in the form of a repayment of capital. This implies a resolution to formally reduce the capital of the Company (kapitaalvermindering) to be effectuated after the conclusion of a formal capital reduction process including a two-month opposition period for creditors (crediteurenverzet).To be able to make a distribution in the form of repaid capital  two subsequent changes to the current articles of association of the Company have to be made  by first increasing the nominal value of the shares with EUR 0.15  thus increasing the issued share capital of the Company at the charge of the share premium reserve recognized for Dutch tax purposes and secondly by decreasing the nominal value of the shares back to the current nominal value  thus decreasing the issued share capital of the Company  which decrease of the nominal value of the ordinary shares is paid to the shareholders for the repaid capital part of the distribution and which decrease of the nominal value of the special shares will be allocated to the general share premium reserve (algemene agioreserve) of the Company. Reference is made to the texts of the proposals to amend the articles of association in English and Dutch  which can be found on the website.Consequently  the proposal consists of three parts:The proposal to make a distribution as set out above; The proposal to  with approval of the supervisory board  amend the articles of association of the Company by an increase of the nominal value of the shares from EUR 0.01 to EUR 0.16  thus increasing the issued share capital of the Company at the charge of the share premium reserve recognized for Dutch tax purposes; and The proposal to  with approval of the supervisory board  amend the articles of association of the Company by a decrease of the nominal value of the shares from EUR 0.16 to the current nominal value of EUR 0.01  thus decreasing the issued share capital of the Company  which decrease of the nominal value of the ordinary shares is paid to the shareholders for the repaid capital part of the distribution and which decrease of the nominal value of the special shares will be allocated to the general share premium reserve (algemene agioreserve) of the Company.The proposal to amend the articles of association of the Company also includes authorizing any and all managing directors of the Company  supervisory directors of the Company and the company secretary as well as any and all lawyers and paralegals practicing with Zuidbroek B.V.  each individually  to have the deeds of amendment to the articles of association executed.If the above distribution is resolved upon  the ordinary shares will be traded ‘ex-dividend’ as of Thursday 8 August 2024. The ‘record date’ will be Friday 9 August 2024. The distribution will be payable as of Friday 16 August 2024.Planning distribution8 August 2024 Ex-dividend before opening of business 9 August 2024 Record date dividend at close of business 16 August 2024 Payment date capital repaymentAgenda item 3(a): Discharge of the managing directors for the financial year 2023 (voting item)It is proposed to discharge all managing directors in office in the financial year 2023 from all liability in relation to the exercise of their duties in the financial year 2023  to the extent such performance is apparent from the financial statements for the financial year 2023 or other public disclosures prior to the adoption of these financial statements.Agenda item 3(b): Discharge of the supervisory directors for the financial year 2023 (voting item)It is proposed to discharge all supervisory directors in office in the financial year 2023 from all liability in relation to the exercise of their duties in the financial year 2023  to the extent such performance is apparent from the financial statements for the financial year 2023 or other public disclosures prior to the adoption of these financial statements.Agenda item 4: Reappointment of the external auditor for the financial year 2024 (voting item)The supervisory board  together with the audit committee  has assessed the relationship with and performance of the external auditor. Based on this assessment  it is proposed by the supervisory board  upon recommendation of the audit committee  to reappoint BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. as the external auditor of the Company for the financial year 2024. The audit will be carried out under the responsibility of Mr. Jeroen van Erve  audit partner at BDO Audit & Assurance B.V.Agenda item 5: Amendment articles of association (voting item)It is proposed to  with the approval of the supervisory board  amend the articles of association to reflect that if the management board consists of two or more members  any managing director acting solely shall also be authorised to represent the Company instead of any two managing directors acting jointly.The proposal to amend the articles of association of the Company also includes authorizing any and all managing directors of the Company  supervisory directors of the Company and the company secretary as well as any and all lawyers and paralegals practicing with Zuidbroek B.V.  each individually  to have the deed of amendment to the articles of association executed.Agenda item 6: Authorization of the management board  subject to approval of the supervisory board  to repurchase ordinary shares (voting item)It is proposed to authorize the management board  for a period of 18 months from the date of this General Meeting (i.e.  until and including 30 November 2025)  to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company with due observance of the applicable statutory provisions  and subject to the approval of the supervisory board.This authorization concerns up to the statutory maximum amount of 50% of the issued share capital as it reads now or as it will read in the future. The purpose of this proposal is to enable the management board to repurchase ordinary shares in the Company’s share capital in order to cover obligations under share-based compensation plans  or for other purposes.Under the authorization  an ordinary share may be repurchased at the stock exchange or otherwise  at a price between the nominal value of the ordinary shares and 110% of the average closing price of the ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam’s stock exchange over a period of five (5) days preceding the day of the acquisition of the ordinary shares.If and when this authorization is approved  the authorization granted by the general meeting on 8 June 2023 will no longer be utilized.Agenda item 7: Designation of the management board  subject to approval of the supervisory board  as the competent body to (i) issue ordinary shares and (ii) restrict or exclude pre-emptive rights upon issuance of ordinary shares (voting item)It is proposed to designate the management board  subject to the approval of the supervisory board  as the competent body (i) to issue ordinary shares or grant rights to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company  with due observance of the applicable statutory provisions and (ii) to restrict or exclude pre-emptive rights of existing shareholders upon the issue of ordinary shares or the granting of rights to subscribe for ordinary shares  such for a period of 18 months from the date of this General Meeting (i.e  until and including 30 November 2025).The number of ordinary shares to be issued is limited to a maximum of 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as per the date of this General Meeting.The authority to issue ordinary shares or grant rights to acquire ordinary shares is granted for general purposes  including the issue of ordinary shares in respect of distributions in kind  a share-based compensation plan for employees and managing directors of the Company as well to react in a timely and flexible manner in the context of mergers  acquisitions and/or (strategic) alliances and to provide the possibility to react in a timely and flexible manner in respect of the financing of the Company.If and when this authorization is approved  the current authorization granted by the general meeting on 8 June 2023 will no longer be utilized.Agenda item 8: Business updateMr. Tim Litjens  CEO of the Company  will give an update of the Company’s business during the financial year 2023.Agenda item 9: Any other businessUnder this agenda item the General Meeting will be invited to ask remaining questions.AVAILABILITY OF MEETING DOCUMENTSThe agenda with explanatory notes  the 2023 annual report (which contains the 2023 company and consolidated financial statements and the information as meant in section 2:392 paragraph 1 Dutch Civil Code) are made available on https://investors.cabka.com/corporate-governance/shareholder-meetings. These documents are also made available by ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (""ABN AMRO"") and can be downloaded from www.abnamro.com/evoting  and are available for review by shareholders (by appointment through IR@cabka.com) at the office of the Company.RECORD DATEThe management board of the Company has determined that for this meeting the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend the meeting  are those holders of shares who on Thursday 2 May 2024  after close of trading on Euronext Amsterdam (the ""Record Date"")  hold those rights and are registered as such in one of the following (sub)registers:for holders of deposit shares: the administrations of the banks and brokers which are intermediaries according to the Dutch Securities Giro Transactions Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer);for holders of non-deposit shares: the shareholders’ register of the Company.REGISTRATION TO VOTEShareholders are entitled to vote up to the total number of shares that they held at the close of trading at the Record Date  provided they have registered their shares timely.Upon registration via ABN AMRO (via www.abnamro.com/evoting) shareholders will be requested to specify if they will attend the meeting in-person. Alternatively  shareholders may also grant a proxy to vote as referred to below.A holder of deposit shares (electronic securities) who wishes to attend the meeting in-person must register with ABN AMRO (via www.abnamro.com/evoting) as of the Record Date and no later than Thursday 23 May 2024  17:00 CEST. A confirmation by the intermediary in which administration the holder is registered for the deposit shares (the ""Intermediary"") must be submitted to ABN AMRO (via www.abnamro.com/intermediary)  stating that such shares were registered in his/her name at the Record Date. This confirmation should be provided by the Intermediary to ABN AMRO no later than Friday 24 May 2024  13:00 CEST. With this confirmation  Intermediaries are furthermore requested to include the full address details of the relevant holder in order to be able to verify the shareholding on the Record Date in an efficient manner. The receipt (of registration) to be supplied by ABN AMRO will serve as admission ticket to the meeting for those attending the meeting in-person.A holder of non-deposit shares who wishes to attend the meeting must register no later than Thursday 23 May 2024  17:00 CEST  in the manner as set out in the letter of notification.VOTING BY PROXYWithout prejudice to the obligation to register for the meeting  the right to attend and to vote at the meeting may be exercised by a holder of a written proxy. A form of a written proxy is available free of charge in the manner set out under ""Availability of meeting documents"" above. The written proxy must be received by the Company no later than on Thursday 23 May 2024  17:00 CEST. A copy of the proxy will need to be presented at the registration for admission to the meeting.The proxy to represent a shareholder that includes a voting instruction may (but needs not) be granted electronically to B.J. Kuck  civil-law notary in Amsterdam  or his deputy  via www.abnamro.com/evoting no later than Thursday 23 May 2024  17:00 CEST. The Intermediaries must submit to ABN AMRO a confirmation including the number of shares notified for registration and held by that shareholder at the Record Date. This confirmation should be provided by the Intermediary to ABN AMRO no later than Friday 24 May 2024  13:00 CEST.If you intend to instruct your Intermediary for any of the above  please be aware that their deadlines could be a number of days before those mentioned above. Please check with the individual Intermediaries as to their cut-off dates.REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATION AT THE MEETINGRegistration for admission to the meeting will take place from 13:00 CEST until the commencement of the meeting at 14:00 CEST. After this time registration is no longer possible. Persons entitled to attend the meeting may be asked for identification prior to being admitted by means of a valid identity document  such as a passport or driver’s license.ISSUED CAPITAL AND VOTING RIGHTSAt the start of trading on Euronext Amsterdam on the date of this notice  the Company's total issued share capital amounted to 40 802 756 shares  which shares comprise a total number of voting rights of 40 802 756. Of these shares an amount of 15 994 378 shares are held in treasury.For further information  please see the Company's website https://cabka.com/newsroom/ or contact us by email at IR@cabka.com.The supervisory boardThe management boardAmsterdam  18 April 2024Financial Calendar 20242 May Record Date for Annual General Meeting 30 May Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 8 August Ex-Dividend* Date 9 August Dividend* Record Date 13 August Half-Year Results and Half-Year Report 2024 16 August Dividend* Payment Date 21 October Trading Update Q3 2024* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:Nadia Lubbe  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com  or n.lubbe@cabka.com;+49 152 243 254 79www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO product are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that may qualify as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['30 May 2024 AGM Agenda', 'Cabka', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'Crown Plaza Amsterdam South', 'formal capital reduction process', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'Assurance B.V.', 'two-month opposition period', 'two subsequent changes', 'Dutch tax purposes', 'share premium reserve', 'Cabka N.V.', 'advisory voting item', 'annual general meeting', 'company financial statements', 'advisory vote', 'ordinary share', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '1082 MT Amsterdam', 'share capital', 'Financial year', 'annual report', 'plastic waste', 'Thursday 30 May', 'Times Square', 'George Gershwinlaan', 'management board', 'supervisory board', 'net result', 'related amendments', 'managing directors', 'supervisory directors', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'Business update', 'other business', 'EXPLANATORY NOTES', '135b paragraph', 'net loss', 'press release', 'total amount', 'nominal value', 'remuneration policy', 'remuneration report', 'Agenda item', 'Amendment articles', 'remuneration policies', 'current articles', 'English language', 'investors.cabka', 'The Company', 'shares', 'April', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'shareholders', '14.00 CEST', 'person', 'Room', 'Netherlands', 'Registration', 'admission', '13:00 CEST', 'Opening', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'distribution', 'relation', 'association', 'Discharge', 'Reappointment', 'Authorization', 'approval', 'Designation', 'issuance', 'Closing', 'Presentation', 'performance', 'discussion', 'website', 'library', 'reports', 'accordance', 'section', 'implementation', 'execution', 'corporate-governance', 'pages', 'favor', 'deficits', '19 March', 'cash', 'repayment', 'resolution', 'kapitaalvermindering', 'conclusion', 'creditors', 'crediteurenverzet', '5.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39509,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CABKA-N-V-115395161/news/Profitability-improved-and-order-intake-strengthened-in-2024-46462986/,Profitability improved and order intake strengthened in 2024,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam 18 April 2024. Cabka N.V.   a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging   listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its trading update for the first quarter of 2…,Amsterdam 18 April 2024. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its trading update for the first quarter of 2024.Going into the first quarter of the year  we continued to focus on enhancing our profitability. We improved gross margin in all segments versus last year and outperformed the last quarter of 2023. Our order book noticeably strengthened throughout the period. We increased our order intake by 22% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023  building a good foundation for YoY sales growth in the second quarter and beyond.In line with expectation  sales for the first quarter of 2024 started off slow. This resulted in € 44.1 million of sales compared to € 55.3 million in the same quarter last year  of which a 4% negative price effect driven by passing on lower raw material and energy prices to our customers. Lower volumes contributed to the remaining 16% decline. A key driver was noted in the US with a net decline of € 6.9 million. In Customised Solutions business  key customers deliberately restricted CAPEX spending  leading to a sales decline of € 7.4 million. This was partially offset by a 12% increase in our Portfolio business as we successfully regained customers lost during the US factory flooding.In Europe  Portfolio volume remained stable  whilst Customized Solutions grew with 27% YoY. Softer market demand was especially notable in our Contract Manufacturing  resulting in a decline of € 5.3 million compared to Q1 2023.Following the completion of the ECO consolidation and expansion in Q1 2023  sales grew with 23% YoY  reflecting a € 1.3 million increase.OutlookAfter a slow start of 2024  we remain cautiously optimistic about the remainder of 2024. While we anticipate continued market volatility  we are confident in our ability to navigate these headwinds and drive sustainable growth. We remain committed to delivering on mid-single digit sales growth  and EBITDA margin within the 13-15% range.Annual Report 2023 publicationCabka published its Annual Report for the 2023 financial year  today. The 2023 Annual Report includes Cabka’s second ESG report and also features sections on Risk Management  Corporate Governance  and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Company Financial Statements. The 2023 Annual Report is available to download on our investor section of the Cabka website under Reports & Presentations.Financial Calendar 202430 May Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 13 August Half-Year Results and Half-Year Report 2024 15 August Ex-Dividend* Date 16 August Dividend* Record Date 23 August Dividend* Payment Date 21 October Trading Update Q3 2024* Reference to “dividend” refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:Nadia Lubbe  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com  or n.lubbe@cabka.com+49 152 243 254 79www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO product are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.Attachment,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.26,0.44,True,English,"['order intake', 'Profitability', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'international securities identification number', '30 May Annual General Meeting', 'August Dividend* Record Date', 'mid-single digit sales growth', 'Softer market demand', 'continued market volatility', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'road safety products', 'full value chain', 'Annual Report 2023 publication', 'The 2023 Annual Report', 'large container solutions', 'lower raw material', 'second ESG report', '4% negative price effect', 'US factory flooding', 'August Half-Year Results', 'October Trading Update', 'rare industry knowledge', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Customised Solutions business', 'Cabka N.V.', 'YoY sales growth', 'Company Financial Statements', 'Half-Year Report', 'Payment Date', 'Customized Solutions', 'second quarter', 'Lower volumes', 'sustainable growth', 'Financial Calendar', 'financial position', 'looking statements', '2023 financial year', 'first quarter', 'gross margin', 'last quarter', 'order book', 'order intake', 'fourth quarter', 'good foundation', 'same quarter', 'energy prices', 'key driver', 'CAPEX spending', 'Portfolio volume', 'ECO consolidation', 'slow start', 'EBITDA margin', '13-15% range', 'Risk Management', 'Corporate Governance', 'Press contact', 'Commercial contact', 'ECO product', 'integrated approach', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'actual results', 'current view', 'future performance', 'undue re', 'remaining 16% decline', 'net decline', 'sales decline', 'Portfolio business', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'last year', 'plastic waste', 'post-industrial waste', 'Contract Manufacturing', '€ 1.3 million increase', 'investor section', 'Nadia Lubbe', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'other risks', 'key customers', 'Cabka website', 'CABKA ticker', 'post-consumer waste', '27% YoY', '23% YoY', '12% increase', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'profitability', 'segments', 'period', 'expectation', 'Europe', 'Q1', 'completion', 'expansion', 'Outlook', 'remainder', 'headwinds', 'sections', 'Reports', 'Presentations', 'Shareholders', 'Reference', 'distribution', 'information', 'investors', 'construction', 'recycling', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', '1 March', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39510,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46463250/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 18-Apr-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST18 April 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 17th of April 2024 it purch…,"18 April 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 17th of April 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 60 000 40 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6320 £1.3940 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6180 £1.3800 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6274 £1.3887The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 648 343 920 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 2 188 1.6320 XDUB 14:35:46 00028807259TRDU1 3 006 1.6320 XDUB 14:35:46 00028807260TRDU1 2 769 1.6320 XDUB 14:35:46 00028807261TRDU1 279 1.6320 XDUB 14:35:46 00028807262TRDU1 2 622 1.6320 XDUB 14:35:46 00028807263TRDU1 2 400 1.6320 XDUB 14:35:46 00028807264TRDU1 568 1.6320 XDUB 14:35:46 00028807265TRDU1 2 665 1.6220 XDUB 14:48:18 00028807532TRDU1 2 571 1.6220 XDUB 14:54:03 00028807575TRDU1 2 683 1.6200 XDUB 15:02:14 00028807795TRDU1 2 971 1.6180 XDUB 15:02:14 00028807796TRDU1 1 966 1.6260 XDUB 15:22:52 00028808174TRDU1 745 1.6260 XDUB 15:24:42 00028808250TRDU1 850 1.6260 XDUB 15:24:42 00028808251TRDU1 2 153 1.6260 XDUB 15:26:24 00028808259TRDU1 2 499 1.6240 XDUB 15:28:01 00028808280TRDU1 1 854 1.6240 XDUB 15:28:43 00028808287TRDU1 725 1.6240 XDUB 15:33:13 00028808315TRDU1 37 1.6240 XDUB 15:35:46 00028808336TRDU1 2 639 1.6280 XDUB 15:57:36 00028808659TRDU1 889 1.6280 XDUB 15:57:37 00028808660TRDU1 4 867 1.6280 XDUB 15:57:37 00028808661TRDU1 4 093 1.6280 XDUB 15:57:37 00028808662TRDU1 535 1.6300 XDUB 16:19:19 00028808952TRDU1 2 759 1.6300 XDUB 16:22:09 00028809007TRDU1 2 122 1.6300 XDUB 16:22:09 00028809008TRDU1 1 820 1.6300 XDUB 16:25:10 00028809062TRDU1 663 1.6300 XDUB 16:25:10 00028809063TRDU1 947 1.6300 XDUB 16:25:10 00028809064TRDU1 3 115 1.6300 XDUB 16:25:10 00028809065TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', '40,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '648,343,920 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'April', '17th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028807259TRDU1', '00028807260TRDU1', '00028807261TRDU1', '00028807262TRDU1', '00028807263TRDU1', '00028807264TRDU1', '00028807265TRDU1', '00028807532TRDU1', '00028807575TRDU1', '00028807795TRDU1', '00028807796TRDU1', '00028808174TRDU1', '00028808250TRDU1', '00028808251TRDU1', '00028808259TRDU1', '00028808280TRDU1', '00028808287TRDU1', '00028808315TRDU1', '00028808336TRDU1', '00028808659TRDU1', '00028808660TRDU1', '00028808661TRDU1', '00028808662TRDU1', '00028808952TRDU1', '00028809007TRDU1', '00028809008TRDU1', '00028809062TRDU1', '00028809063TRDU1', '00028809064TRDU1']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39511,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/9e40961749e1ebfd,ARK Invest Europe launches innovation  genomics and AI ETFs -- The degenerate gambler Cathie Wood knows how to milk people /sheeple,ARK Invest Europe has made its long-awaited entry into the European ETF market with the launch of three actively managed ETFs covering innovation  genomics and artificial intelligence (AI). The three ETFs are listed on Deutsche Borse and set to list on the Lo…,ARK Invest Europe has made its long-awaited entry into the European ETF market with the launch of three actively managed ETFs covering innovation  genomics and artificial intelligence (AI).The three ETFs are listed on Deutsche Borse and set to list on the London Stock Exchange and CBOE Amsterdam tomorrow while Euronext Milan and Six Swiss Exchange listings are due “in the…This story appeared on etfstream.com   .,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['ARK Invest Europe', 'AI ETFs', 'degenerate gambler', 'Cathie Wood', 'innovation', 'genomics', 'people', 'sheeple', 'Six Swiss Exchange listings', 'London Stock Exchange', 'ARK Invest Europe', 'European ETF market', 'three actively', 'artificial intelligence', 'Deutsche Borse', 'CBOE Amsterdam', 'Euronext Milan', 'three ETFs', 'entry', 'launch', 'innovation', 'genomics', 'AI', 'story', 'etfstream.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,biztoc.com
39512,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYDRATEC-INDUSTRIES-N-V-6077625/news/Hydratec-Industries-N-Mr-E-ten-Cate-steps-down-from-the-Supervisory-Board-of-Hydratec-Industries-46469924/,Hydratec Industries N : Mr. E. ten Cate steps down from the Supervisory Board of Hydratec Industries N.V. April 16  2024,(marketscreener.com)   Mr. E. ten Cate believes it is prudent to step down considering the intended takeover bid by Ten Cate Investment Company for the shares of Hydratec Industries N.V. The other supervisory board members will assume Mr. ten Cate's duties …,"Mr. E. ten Cate believes it is prudent to step down considering the intended takeover bid by Ten Cate Investment Company for the shares of Hydratec Industries N.V. The other supervisory board members will assume Mr. ten Cate's duties until a successor has been appointed.Bart Aangenendt  CEO of Hydratec: ""We are extremely grateful to Egbert ten Cate for the valuable and inspiring role he has played in the development of Hydratec into the successful company it is today. His leadership  tireless commitment  and sharp  practical advice  as well as his supportive approach  have always been highly appreciated.""Hydratec Industries is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam NV stock exchange (ISIN NL0009391242  ticker: HYDRA.)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['Hydratec Industries N.V', 'Mr. E.', 'Supervisory Board', 'Cate', 'Euronext Amsterdam NV stock exchange', 'other supervisory board members', 'Mr. E. ten Cate', 'Ten Cate Investment Company', 'Hydratec Industries N.V.', 'Mr. ten Cate', 'Egbert ten Cate', 'sharp, practical advice', 'successful company', 'takeover bid', 'Bart Aangenendt', 'inspiring role', 'tireless commitment', 'supportive approach', 'shares', 'duties', 'successor', 'CEO', 'valuable', 'development', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'HYDRA.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39513,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-April-11-April-17-2024-46465646/,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 11 – April 17  2024,(marketscreener.com)    Share Buyback Transaction Details April 11 – April 17  2024 April 18  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 161 992 of its …,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 11 – April 17  2024April 18  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 161 992 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 11  2024  up to and including April 17  2024  for 22.9 million and at an average share price of €141.47.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 2 228 148 316.3 141.94For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have engaged a third party to execute €205 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 (0) 7765-391-824 t + 31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'new information', 'share repurchases', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'April', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'February', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '44', '31']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39514,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Dutch-postal-operator-to-distribute-Lleida-net-s-services-exclusively-in-the-Netherlands-and-will-b-46466357/,Dutch postal operator to distribute Lleida.net's services exclusively in the Netherlands  and will be able to sell in Europe,(marketscreener.com) Madrid  April 18th - PostNL  the Dutch postal company  will distribute Lleida.net services exclusively in the Netherlands. The agreement  signed today in The Hague during the Spain-Netherlands Business Meeting  in the presence of the King…,"Madrid  April 18th - PostNL  the Dutch postal company  will distribute Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) services exclusively in the Netherlands.The agreement  signed today in The Hague during the Spain-Netherlands Business Meeting  in the presence of the King and Queen of Spain and the King and Queen of the Netherlands  comes into force automatically.According to the Letter of Intent (LOI)  PostNL will start marketing Lleida.net's Certified Email and Openum services. Subsequently  it will be able to do so with Click&Sign  UVSC  eKYC  Certvalidator services  among others.Sisco Sapena  CEO of the company  highlighted that ""Lleida.net's partnership with the Dutch postal company reflects our essential strategic position in the transformation of postal services. This collaboration highlights our influence in postal innovation and efficiency  ensuring a seamless integration between the digital and physical worlds. As well as being a further example of how Lleida.net continues to redefine the future of postal communications.""PostNL is one of Europe's largest postal companies  operating in the Netherlands as well as in Germany  Italy  Belgium and the UK  among other markets. Its shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam under ticker NL0009739416 and it employs some 33 500 people.Lleida.net's certified email method has received more than 60 of the 309 patents the company currently holds.Its approach to growth is based on a solid development policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.The company  founded in 1995  was first listed on BME Growth in 2015  on the Madrid stock exchange.It subsequently listed on Euronext Growth Paris in 2018  and on OTC Markets in New York in 2020. Its securities are also traded on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis press release contains statements regarding the future of the company and its innovations. Statements regarding the future may be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""wait""  ""anticipate""  ""pretend""  ""power""  ""plan""  ""potential""  the use of future time and other terms of similar meaning. No undue reliance should be placed on these claims. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements  including uncertainty of the company's commercial success  ability to protect our intellectual property rights  and other risks. These statements are based on current beliefs and forecasts and refer only to the date of this press release. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update its forward-looking statements  regardless of whether new information  future events or any other circumstance arise.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Dutch postal operator', 'Lleida.net', 'services', 'Netherlands', 'Europe', 'Spain-Netherlands Business Meeting', 'essential strategic position', 'Stuttgart stock exchanges', 'SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT', 'largest postal companies', 'solid development policy', 'certified email method', 'Madrid stock exchange', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Dutch postal company', 'postal innovation', 'postal communications', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'internationalization policy', 'postal services', 'April 18th', 'Lleida.net', 'The Hague', 'Click&Sign', 'Sisco Sapena', 'seamless integration', 'physical worlds', 'other markets', 'R&D', 'OTC Markets', 'New York', 'press release', 'other terms', 'similar meaning', 'undue reliance', 'actual results', 'commercial success', 'current beliefs', 'new information', 'other circumstance', 'Openum services', 'Certvalidator services', 'BME Growth', 'other risks', 'future time', 'future events', 'forward-looking statements', 'PostNL', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'OTCQX', 'LLEIF', 'agreement', 'presence', 'Queen', 'force', 'Letter', 'Intent', 'LOI', 'marketing', 'UVSC', 'eKYC', 'others', 'CEO', 'partnership', 'transformation', 'collaboration', 'influence', 'efficiency', 'digital', 'example', 'Europe', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'UK', 'shares', 'ticker', '33,500 people', '309 patents', 'approach', 'securities', 'Frankfurt', 'innovations', 'words', 'power', 'plan', 'use', 'claims', 'uncertainties', 'uncertainty', 'ability', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39515,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Planisware-up-on-its-first-trading-session-46465792/,Planisware: up on its first trading session,(marketscreener.com) Planisware made its debut on the Paris Bourse on Thursday morning  with share prices up sharply on the IPO price  which had been set at 16 euros.At around 10:00 a.m.  shares in the French software company - which is currently trading in t…,Planisware: up on its first trading sessionApril 18  2024 at 04:15 am EDT SharePlanisware made its debut on the Paris Bourse on Thursday morning  with share prices up sharply on the IPO price  which had been set at 16 euros.At around 10:00 a.m.  shares in the French software company - which is currently trading in the form of promissory notes - were trading above 20 euros  showing an increase of over 26%.At current levels  its market capitalization exceeds 1.4 billion euros.The IPO - the largest in the technology sector on Euronext in Paris since that of OVH Cloud in 2021 - has generated strong demand from investors.The order book for the operation was covered just one hour after the launch of the offer.The project management specialist notes that several leading French and international institutional investors have acquired a stake in its capital  including Invesco and T. Rowe.Planisware's founders are expected to retain a majority stake in the capital  as well as an active role in the company's management.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['first trading session', 'Planisware', 'first trading session', 'several leading French', 'French software company', 'project management specialist', 'international institutional investors', 'EDT Share', 'Thursday morning', 'share prices', 'IPO price', 'promissory notes', 'current levels', 'market capitalization', 'The IPO', 'technology sector', 'OVH Cloud', 'strong demand', 'order book', 'T. Rowe', 'active role', 'Paris Bourse', 'majority stake', '1.4 billion euros', '16 euros', '20 euros', 'Planisware', 'April', 'debut', '10:00 a', 'shares', 'form', 'increase', 'Euronext', 'operation', 'launch', 'offer', 'Invesco', 'founders', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '04:15']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39516,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleidanetworks-Serveis-Telematics-S-A-Lleida-net-secures-600-000-annualcontract-with-Peruvian-46466961/,Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A : Lleida.net secures 600 000 annualcontract with Peruvian Online Entertainment Firm,(marketscreener.com)  16 April2024   Lleida.net secures €600 000 annualcontract with Peruvian Online Entertainment Firm   Madrid  16 April. Spanish publicly traded company Lleida.net has finalised a new partnership with Peruvian Online Entertainment Co…,"16 April2024Madrid  16 April. Spanish publicly traded company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has finalised a new partnership with Peruvian Online Entertainment Company S.A.C.  poised to generate an estimated €600 000 in annual revenue for the tech leader  according to company estimates.Under the terms of the agreement  the Spanish firm will provide its eKYC Lleida.net service to Peruvian Online Entertainment S.A.C.This innovative eKYC service will empower Peruvian Online Entertainment S.A.C. to modernize its customer registration process  allowing for remote identification via mobile devices or computers. This streamlined process promises to reduce bureaucratic obstacles significantly without compromising security or authenticity.CEO Sisco Sapena expressed enthusiasm about the new deal  stating  ""This latest contract  expected to generate over half a million euros annually  underscores our ongoing recovery efforts and reaffirms our leadership position in the industry. We're gaining momentum  bolstering our portfolio  and remaining committed to our mission.""Lleida.net's eKYC onboarding service boasts the ability to identify customers in under 60 seconds  effectively reducing identity fraud by 82% both online and offline. It's already trusted by 46% of the population engaging in online transactions.With a robust portfolio boasting 309 patents across more than 60 countries  Lleida.net continues to lead the way in Registered electronic signature  notification  and contracting innovations.The company's growth strategy is centred around a steadfast commitment to intellectual property development  ongoing research and development initiatives  and a focus on expanding its global footprint.Established in 1995  the company initially listed on BME Growth in 2015 on the Madrid Stock Exchange. Since then  it has secured listings on Euronext Growth Paris in 2018 and the OTC Markets of New York in 2020. Its shares are also traded on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart Stock Exchanges.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.55,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A', 'Peruvian Online Entertainment Firm', 'Lleida.net', '600,000 annualcontract', 'Peruvian Online Entertainment Company S.A.C.', 'Peruvian Online Entertainment S.A.C.', 'half a million euros', 'eKYC Lleida.net service', 'innovative eKYC service', 'eKYC onboarding service', 'CEO Sisco Sapena', 'Registered electronic signature', 'Stuttgart Stock Exchanges', 'ongoing recovery efforts', 'intellectual property development', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'customer registration process', 'Madrid Stock Exchange', 'online transactions', 'traded company', 'company estimates', 'ongoing research', 'development initiatives', 'growth strategy', 'new partnership', 'annual revenue', 'tech leader', 'remote identification', 'mobile devices', 'bureaucratic obstacles', 'new deal', 'latest contract', 'leadership position', 'identity fraud', 'contracting innovations', 'steadfast commitment', 'global footprint', 'OTC Markets', 'New York', 'BME Growth', 'Spanish firm', 'robust portfolio', 'April2024', '16 April', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'OTCQX', 'LLEIF', 'terms', 'agreement', 'computers', 'streamlined', 'security', 'authenticity', 'enthusiasm', 'industry', 'momentum', 'mission', 'ability', 'customers', '60 seconds', 'population', '309 patents', '60 countries', 'way', 'notification', 'focus', 'listings', 'shares', 'Frankfurt']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-Announces-the-Filing-of-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46467484/,GenSight Biologics Announces the Filing of its 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:GenSight Biologics   a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today announced the filing of it…,Regulatory News:GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today announced the filing of its 2023 Universal Registration Document (URD) in English with the French market authority (Autorités des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under the reference D.24-0299.The universal registration document notably includes:the 2023 annual financial report;the management report;the report on corporate governance; andthe description of the share buyback program.This universal registration document may be consulted on the Company’s website (www.gensight-biologics.com)  “Investors” section  and on the AMF’s website (www.amf-france.org).About GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics’ pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics’ lead product candidate  LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage  developed for the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease affecting primarily teens and young adults that leads to irreversible blindness. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics’ product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240418994025/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'GenSight Biologics', 'Filing', 'Autorités des Marchés Financiers', 'GenSight Biologics’ lead product candidate', 'central nervous system disorders', 'GenSight Biologics S.A.', 'two core technology platforms', 'Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy', 'sustainable functional visual recovery', 'GenSight Biologics’ product candidates', 'GenSight Biologics’ pipeline', 'innovative gene therapies', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'French market authority', 'share buyback program', 'Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence', 'rare mitochondrial disease', 'gene therapy-based approach', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', '2023 annual financial report', 'clinical-stage biopharma company', 'retinal diseases', 'Regulatory News', 'management report', 'corporate governance', 'lenadogene nolparvovec', 'investigational compound', 'young adults', 'irreversible blindness', 'intravitreal injection', 'source version', 'single treatment', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'commercializing', 'filing', 'URD', 'English', 'AMF', 'reference', 'description', 'website', 'gensight-biologics', 'Investors', 'section', 'org', 'MTS', 'optogenetics', 'vision', 'patients', 'LUMEVOQ®', 'country', 'LHON', 'teens', 'eye', 'businesswire']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39518,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/biophytis-announces-new-scientific-advisory-board-for-its-phase-2-oba-clinical-study-in-obesity-93CH-3383731,Biophytis Announces New Scientific Advisory Board for its Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study in Obesity By Investing.com,Biophytis Announces New Scientific Advisory Board for its Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study in Obesity,"IND to be filed with the FDA in the coming weeksPARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / April 18  2024 / Biophytis SA (NASDAQ:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics for age-related diseases  today announces the formation of a new Scientific Advisory Board to support the advancement of its phase 2 OBA clinical study in obesity.This Scientific Advisory Board will be composed of a few worldwide medical experts in the field of obesity  including Professor Dennis Villareal from the USA and Professor Francisco Guarner from Spain. The OBA SAB will guide the company to develop BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone) in obesity  in combination with GLP1-RA  and will actively work towards the finalization of the OBA Phase 2 clinical study design. Biophytis plans to file for an Investigational New Drug (IND) application to start the OBA Phase 2 clinical study in the USA with FDA in the coming weeks.Prof. Dennis Villareal  Professor of Medicine-Endocrinology  Diabetes and Metabolism at Baylor College of Medicine Houston  Texas  comments: "" GLP-1 agonists have proven to be effective in body weight loss but they also may lead to potential loss of muscle mass in adults with obesity. Therefore  there is an urgent unmet medical need for a clinical study to evaluate whether a drug targeting muscle function such as BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone)can effectively preserve muscle strength during weight-loss therapy of patients with obesity treated with GLP1 RA.""Stanislas Veillet  CEO de Biophytis states: ""We are pleased to announce the appointment of Professor Dennis Villareal and Professor Francisco Guarner to the Scientific Advisory Board of the OBA Phase 2 study. Professor Villareal is a world-wide expert in the field of obesity  especially in the management of patients with obesity. He was a key investigator in our SARA-INT Phase 2 study in sarcopenia. Professor Francisco Guarner is a world-wide expert in the field of Internal Medicine  Gastroenterology and Hepatology.We are convinced that Professor Dennis Villareal and Professor Francisco Guarner can make a key contribution and guide us in our development program. We are preparing with the SAB to file for an IND to start the OBA phase 2 clinical study in the coming weeks.""The first two members of Biophytis' new Scientific Advisory Board for the OBA clinical study are:Prof. Dennis T. Villareal  MD  PhD  a Professor of Medicine-Endocrinology  Diabetes and Metabolismat Baylor College of Medicine  Houston  Texas  United States.He is a physician-scientist with specialty training in geriatrics and endocrinology. He has extensive clinical and research experience in examining the impact of lifestyle interventions in reversing frailty in older adults with obesity. His clinical and translational laboratories involve hormonal  nutritional  and behavioral/lifestyle interventions to retard or reverse the metabolic and physical complications of aging  including sarcopenia and type 2 diabetes. He is dedicated to research designed to inform practice guidelines with respect to optimal treatment strategies for older adults with obesity.Prof. Francisco Guarner  MD  PhD  a Professor of Internal Medicine  Gastroenterology and Hepatology at the Hospital Clinic in Barcelona and at the University Clinic of Navarra. He is well known for his research studies on liver cell cytoprotection with prostaglandins. He has been Visiting Scientist and Research Fellow at the Upjohn Company in Kalamazoo (Michigan)  the Royal Free Hospital (London)  the King's College Hospital (London)  and the Wellcome Research Laboratories (Beckenham). He is currently Consultant of Gastroenterology at the Digestive System Research Unit and Head of the Experimental Laboratory in University Hospital Vall d'Hebron (Barcelona). He is a member of the Scientific Committee of the Research Institution of University Hospital Vall d'Hebron (Barcelona).About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of drug candidates for age-related diseases. BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone)  our lead drug candidate  is a small molecule in development for muscular (sarcopenia  phase 3 ready and Duchenne muscular dystrophy)  respiratory (Covid-19 phase 2-3 completed) and metabolic diseases (obesity  phase 2 to be started). The company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and the ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040). For more information  visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook """"believes """"expects """"potential """"continues """"may """"will """"should """"could """"seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of thesewords or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable.However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward- looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face» section from the Company's 2023 Financial Report available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis contactsInvestor relationsNicolas Fellmann  CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMediaAntoine Denry:antoine.denry@taddeo.fr- +33 6 18 07 83 27Nizar Berrada:nizar.berrada@taddeo.fr- +33 6 38 31 90 50SOURCE: BiophytisView the original press release on accesswire.com",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.55,0.44,0.02,True,English,"['New Scientific Advisory Board', 'Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study', 'Biophytis', 'Obesity', 'Investing', 'Investigational New Drug (IND) application', 'OBA Phase 2 clinical study design', 'urgent unmet medical need', 'new Scientific Advisory Board', 'Digestive System Research Unit', 'phase 2 OBA clinical study', 'Prof. Dennis T. Villareal', 'OBA Phase 2 study', 'SARA-INT Phase 2 study', 'Prof. Dennis Villareal', 'worldwide medical experts', 'Prof. Francisco Guarner', 'first two members', 'optimal treatment strategies', 'liver cell cytoprotection', 'lead drug candidate', 'Royal Free Hospital', 'Professor Dennis Villareal', 'body weight loss', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Professor Francisco Guarner', 'University Hospital Vall', 'Duchenne muscular dystrophy', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'Wellcome Research Laboratories', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'The OBA SAB', 'CEO de Biophytis', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Professor Villareal', 'Scientific Committee', 'extensive clinical', 'drug targeting', 'drug candidates', 'University Clinic', 'Hospital Clinic', 'College Hospital', 'potential loss', 'translational laboratories', 'ordinary shares', 'research experience', 'research studies', 'Research Fellow', 'Research Institution', 'coming weeks', 'age-related diseases', 'Baylor College', 'GLP-1 agonists', 'muscle mass', 'muscle function', 'muscle strength', 'weight-loss therapy', 'GLP1 RA', 'Stanislas Veillet', 'world-wide expert', 'key investigator', 'key contribution', 'United States', 'specialty training', 'lifestyle interventions', 'physical complications', 'practice guidelines', 'Visiting Scientist', 'Experimental Laboratory', 'small molecule', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'looking statements', 'Upjohn Company', 'BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone', 'older adults', 'Biophytis SA', 'Internal Medicine', 'metabolic diseases', 'type 2 diabetes', 'development program', 'Ticker BPTS', 'FDA', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ALBPS', 'therapeutics', 'formation', 'advancement', 'obesity', 'field', 'USA', 'Spain', 'combination', 'GLP1-RA', 'finalization', 'Medicine-Endocrinology', 'Metabolism', 'Houston', 'Texas', 'patients', 'appointment', 'management', 'sarcopenia', 'Gastroenterology', 'Hepatology', 'MD', 'PhD', 'physician-scientist', 'geriatrics', 'impact', 'frailty', 'aging', 'respect', 'Barcelona', 'Navarra', 'prostaglandins', 'Kalamazoo', 'Michigan', 'London', 'Beckenham', 'Consultant', 'Head', 'Hebron', 'respiratory', 'Covid-19', 'Massachusetts', 'ISIN', 'ADSs', 'Disclaimer', 'forward', 'cases', 'words', 'outlook', 'expects', 'seeks', 'predicts']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,investing.com
39519,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-S-A-Launches-Cloud-based-Multichannel-Document-Delivery-Capabilities-for-Small-and-Medium-46470188/,Quadient S A : Launches Cloud-based Multichannel Document Delivery Capabilities for Small and Medium Businesses in Canada,(marketscreener.com)  Quadient  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced a major new release in Canada for its Quadient Impress cloud-based platform  now offering multichanne…,"Quadient(Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced a major new release in Canada for its Quadient Impress cloud-based platform  now offering multichannel document delivery capabilities to support small and medium businesses (SMBs) in their customer communications efforts. The new release includes mail outsourcing services as a result of a newly established partnership with Ottawa  Ontario-based Gilmore Doculink  a long-time Quadient customer of its Mail-Related Solutions.Quadient has a long history of helping Canadian organizations to automate and optimize mail preparation  ensuring the integrity and traceability of locally printed communications with its document automation platform  Quadient Impress. As customer communications and interactions become increasingly personalized across a growing number of digital channels  the complexity associated with delivering secure communications grows. Now with the expanded features of Quadient Impress  business users  in-office and remote users can send one  hundreds or thousands of physical or digital business communications in minutes with a few clicks  saving hours of manual mail preparation and processing work.Quadient Impress uploads and sends documents digitally through secure  branded customer portals  tracked emails or SMS texts. And now in partnership with Gilmore Doculink  Quadient Impress offers the additional capacity to outsource physical mail via Gilmore's production facility  offering high-level mail printing  sorting  stuffing and metering for delivery.""With the launch of expanded capabilities for the Quadient Impress platform in Canada  we continue our mission to help SMBs accelerate their transition to more digitalized and automated processes ""said Lou Gizzarelli  president of Quadient Canada.""The new multichannel delivery capabilities  including outsourcing to Gilmore through our partnership  will enable our customers in Canada not only to automate the preparation of business mailings  but also to develop new communication strategies tailored to their customers' preferences. Our cloud-based platform helps companies to effectively manage their transition to digital while remaining confident that they are increasing customer satisfaction and freeing their employees' time to concentrate on higher-level tasks.""Available around the world  Quadient Impress helps companies send important business communications securely and compliantly  provides detailed audit trails and automatically stores communications for easy retrieval. For additional information  visit https://mail.quadient.com/en-ca/how-we-help/have-us-mail-it-you.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientGlobal Press Relations Manager+1 203-301-3673j.scolaro@quadient.comSandy Armstrong  Sterling KilgoreDirector of Media & Communications+1-630-699-8979sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Cloud-based Multichannel Document Delivery Capabilities', 'Quadient S A', 'Medium Businesses', 'Small', 'Canada', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'secure, branded customer portals', 'multichannel document delivery capabilities', 'new multichannel delivery capabilities', 'Quadient Impress cloud-based platform', 'document automation platform', 'new communication strategies', 'detailed audit trails', 'meaningful customer connections', 'major new release', 'high-level mail printing', 'customer communications efforts', 'long-time Quadient customer', 'important business communications', 'Quadient Impress platform', 'mail outsourcing services', 'manual mail preparation', 'Ontario-based Gilmore Doculink', 'digital business communications', 'secure communications', 'customer satisfaction', 'business users', 'business mailings', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'long history', 'Canadian organizations', 'growing number', 'remote users', 'one, hundreds', 'processing work', 'SMS texts', 'additional capacity', 'physical mail', 'production facility', 'automated processes', 'Lou Gizzarelli', ""employees' time"", 'higher-level tasks', 'easy retrieval', 'additional information', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Sterling Kilgore', 'digital channels', 'physical channels', 'medium businesses', ""customers' preferences"", 'Joe Scolaro', 'Quadient Canada', 'QDT', 'leader', 'small', 'SMBs', 'result', 'partnership', 'Ottawa', 'integrity', 'traceability', 'interactions', 'complexity', 'features', 'office', 'thousands', 'minutes', 'clicks', 'hours', 'documents', 'emails', 'sorting', 'stuffing', 'metering', 'launch', 'mission', 'transition', 'digitalized', 'president', 'companies', 'world', 'Contacts', 'Director', 'Media', 'sarmstrong', 'sterlingkilgore']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39520,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VRANKEN-POMMERY-MONOPOLE-5006/news/Vranken-Pommery-Monopole-Availability-of-the-2023-Reference-Document-Including-the-Annual-Financi-46466234/,Vranken-Pommery Monopole - Availability of the 2023 Reference Document (Including the Annual Financial Report),(marketscreener.com) Press Release VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT Including the Annual Financial Report Reims  April 18th 2024    VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE Group has filed its 2023 Universal Registration Docum…,"Press ReleaseVRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLEAVAILABILITY OF THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTIncluding the Annual Financial ReportReims  April 18th 2024VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE Group has filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document  with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  on 17th April 2024  under number D.24-0300.This document includes :the Annual Financial Report  including the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related Statutory Auditors' reports the Statutory Auditors' special report on related-party agreements and commitments the Board of Directors' corporate governance report information relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors  andthe required information in relation to the share repurchase program.It is available to the public under conditions provided by regulations and can be download on the website of the Group :https://www.vrankenpommery.com/finance/communiques-et-information-reglementeeThe Universal Registration Document is also available on the AMF's website ( www.amf-france.org ).About Vranken-Pommery MonopoleVranken-Pommery Monopole is a leading wine player in Europe and the second largest champagne group.The group manages 2 600 hectares of land  owned outright or under lease and spread over four vineyards in Champagne  Provence  Camargue and Douro. The group’s activities include wine-growing  wine-making  distribution and marketing  with a strong commitment to the promotion of terroirs  sustainable wine-growing and environmental conservation.Its brand portfolio includes:the Vranken  Pommery & Greno  Heidsieck & Co Monopole  Charles Lafitte and Bissinger & Co champagnes; the Rozès and Sao Pédro port wines and the Terras do Grifo Douro wines; the Domaine Royal de Jarras and Pink Flamingo Camargue wines the Château La Gordonne  and Chappelle Gordonne Provence wines; the Louis Pommery California  Louis Pommery England and Brut de France sparkling wines.Vranken-Pommery Monopole is listed on NYSE Euronext Paris (""VRAP"") and Brussels (""VRAB""). ISIN: FR0000062796.ContactsVranken-Pommery Monopole:Franck Delval  Financial Control Director+33 (0)3 26 61 62 34  comfi@vrankenpommery.fr MediaLaurent Poinsot  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 77 lpoinsot@image7.frClaire Doligez  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 25  cdoligez@image7.frCaroline Simon  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 65  caroline.simon@image7.frAttachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'Vranken-Pommery Monopole', '2023 Reference Document', 'Availability', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Sao Pédro port wines', 'Château La Gordonne', 'Domaine Royal de Jarras', ""Directors' corporate governance report"", 'parent company financial statements', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'Chappelle Gordonne Provence wines', ""Statutory Auditors' special report"", 'second largest champagne group', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Brut de France', '2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Financial Control Director', 'share repurchase program', 'leading wine player', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'Grifo Douro wines', 'Louis Pommery California', 'Louis Pommery England', 'Pink Flamingo Camargue', 'VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE Group', 'Rozès', 'sparkling wines', 'management report', 'Co Monopole', 'Press Release', 'related-party agreements', 'four vineyards', 'strong commitment', 'environmental conservation', 'brand portfolio', 'Charles Lafitte', 'Co champagnes', 'Franck Delval', 'fr Media', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Claire Doligez', '17th April', 'sustainable wine-growing', 'Caroline Simon', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Reims', 'AMF', 'number', 'commitments', 'Board', 'information', 'fees', 'relation', 'public', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'website', 'vrankenpommery', 'communiques', 'reglementee', 'org', 'Europe', '2,600 hectares', 'activities', 'wine-making', 'distribution', 'marketing', 'promotion', 'terroirs', 'Greno', 'Heidsieck', 'Bissinger', 'Terras', 'VRAP', 'Brussels', 'VRAB', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'lpoinsot', 'image', 'cdoligez', 'Attachments', '1 53']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39521,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-S-A-Inside-Information-News-release-on-accounts-results-46469174/,GenSight Biologics S A : Inside Information / News release on accounts  results,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   GenSight Biologics Announces the Filing of its   2023 Universal Registration Document   Paris  France  April 17  2023  7:00 pm CEST - GenSight Biologics   a biopharma company focused on developing and commerci…,"Press ReleaseGenSight Biologics Announces the Filing of its2023 Universal Registration DocumentParis  France  April 17  2023  7:00 pm CEST - GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today announced the filing of its 2023 Universal Registration Document (URD) in English with the French market authority (Autorités des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under the reference D.24-0299.The universal registration document notably includes:the 2023 annual financial report;the management report;the report on corporate governance; andthe description of the share buyback program.This universal registration document may be consulted on the Company's website (www.gensight- biologics.com)  ""Investors"" section  and on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org).ContactsGenSight Biologics LifeSci Advisors Chief Financial Officer Investor relations Ivan Tortet Guillaume van Renterghem itortet@gensight-biologics.com gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com +41 (0)76 735 01 31About GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics' pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate  LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage  developed for the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease affecting primarily teens and young adults that leads to irreversible blindness. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics' product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['GenSight Biologics S A', 'Inside Information', 'News release', 'accounts', 'results', 'Chief Financial Officer Investor relations Ivan Tortet Guillaume van Renterghem', 'Autorités des Marchés Financiers', ""GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate"", 'central nervous system disorders', 'two core technology platforms', 'Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy', 'sustainable functional visual recovery', 'GenSight Biologics S.A.', ""GenSight Biologics' product candidates"", 'GenSight Biologics LifeSci Advisors', '2023 annual financial report', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'innovative gene therapies', 'French market authority', 'share buyback program', 'Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence', 'rare mitochondrial disease', 'gene therapy-based approach', ""GenSight Biologics' pipeline"", 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'clinical-stage biopharma company', 'retinal diseases', 'gensight- biologics', 'Press Release', 'management report', 'corporate governance', 'Investors"" section', 'lenadogene nolparvovec', 'investigational compound', 'young adults', 'irreversible blindness', 'intravitreal injection', 'single treatment', 'Filing', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'CEST', 'Euronext', 'PEA-PME', 'URD', 'English', 'AMF', 'reference', 'description', 'website', 'org', 'Contacts', 'gvanrenterghem', 'lifesciadvisors', 'MTS', 'optogenetics', 'vision', 'patients', 'LUMEVOQ®', 'country', 'LHON', 'teens', 'eye', '7:00']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39522,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CTT-CORREIOS-DE-PORTUGAL--15132607/news/CTT-Correios-de-Portugal-S-A-Interim-report-on-the-transactions-carried-out-in-the-context-of-the-46471054/,CTT Correios de Portugal S A : Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back program,(marketscreener.com)    CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.   Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOA   Lisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568   Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00   Announcement - Lisbon  18 April 2024 ...…,"CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOALisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00Announcement - Lisbon  18 April 2024Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back programCTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A. (""CTT"" or ""Company"") hereby informs that in the period from 12 to 18 April 2024 (inclusive) Banco BPI  S.A. has acquired 98 000 shares representing CTT's share capital  under the share buy-back program (""Buy-back Program"") and as the financial intermediary in charge of the execution of said program  in Euronext Lisbon regulated market  as detailed in the table below (aggregated information):ISIN Code: PTCTT0AM0001Date of the Aggregated Weighted % Session's Total % Share transaction Volume (shares) Average Price (€) Volume Capital 12-04-2024 18 600 4.4035 6.47% 0.01% 15-04-2024 20 000 4.4242 4.87% 0.01% 16-04-2024 20 000 4.4463 6.88% 0.01% 17-04-2024 19 400 4.4452 8.85% 0.01% 18-04-2024 20 000 4.4911 4.99% 0.01%As at 18 April 2024  the Company had already acquired 5 136 686 shares under the scope of the Buy-back Program announced to the market on 21 June 2023. The price paid for these acquisitions amounted to a total of €18 463 246.As a consequence  on this date  the Company holds an aggregated total of 6 514 818 own shares  representing 4.53% of its share capital. Further detailed information on all transactions carried out under the Buy-back Program  in the period from 12 to 18 April 2024 (inclusive)  may be found in the tables attached hereto as Annexes 1 to 5.As disclosed to the market in due time  on 26 June 2023  CTT started trading in the context of the Buy-back Program  pursuant to the terms and limitations set forth in (i) the resolution adopted under item 9 of the Agenda of the 2023 General Shareholders' Meeting of CTT granting authorization for the acquisition and transfer of own shares by the Company and its subsidiaries  as set forth in such shareholders' resolution and subject to a decision of the Company's Board of Directors  and (ii) the resolution of the Board of Directors of CTT  of 21 June 2023  under which a share buy-back program was approved  the main terms and conditions of which may be found in the announcement regarding the start of trading within the Buy-back Program disclosed to the market on 21 June 2023.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'CTT Correios', 'Interim report', 'Portugal', 'transactions', 'context', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'Total % Share transaction Volume', 'Av. dos Combatentes', 'Lisbon commercial registry', 'Aggregated Weighted % Session', ""2023 General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'share buy-back program', 'Volume Capital', 'aggregated total', 'Share Capital', '14th Floor', 'Interim report', 'S.A.', 'Banco BPI', 'financial intermediary', 'ISIN Code', 'due time', ""shareholders' resolution"", 'Correios de', 'Average Price', 'detailed information', 'main terms', 'CTT', 'Portugal', '001LISBOA', 'fiscal', 'Announcement', 'April', 'transactions', 'context', 'Company', 'period', '98,000 shares', 'charge', 'execution', 'table', 'Date', '5,136,686 shares', 'scope', '21 June', 'acquisitions', 'consequence', 'Further', 'Annexes', '26 June', 'limitations', 'item', 'Agenda', 'authorization', 'transfer', 'subsidiaries', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', 'conditions', 'start', 'trading', '12', '6,514,818']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39523,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASCOPIAVE-S-P-A-203381/news/Ascopiave-S-p-A-Approval-of-the-Sustainability-Report-2023-46470422/,Ascopiave S p A : Approval of the Sustainability Report 2023,"(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   ASCOPIAVE S.p.A.: Approval of the Sustainability Report 2023.   Ascopiave S.p.A. hereby announces that it has today published  in the ""Sustainability"" section of its website  the Sustainability Report 2023  as ap…","PRESS RELEASEASCOPIAVE S.p.A.: Approval of the Sustainability Report 2023.Ascopiave S.p.A. hereby announces that it has today published  in the ""Sustainability"" section of its website  the Sustainability Report 2023  as approved by the Board of Directors of Ascopiave S.p.A. during its meeting held on 12 April 2024  and following the positive opinion of the Sustainability Committee.The Chairman and CEO  Dr. Nicola Cecconato said: ""The Sustainability Report represents a balanced and transparent testimony of the Ascopiave Group's commitment to the three pillars of sustainability i.e. environmental  social and governance.Our guiding light is the creation of a long-term value for the benefit of our shareholders and other relevant stakeholders. Our dedication and constant pursuit of this goal has led the Group to generate an economic value of approximately euro 218 million in 2023  mainly distributed to stakeholders namely  the suppliers  employees  lenders  communities  institutions and shareholders. This result makes me particularly proud because it is the fruit of a virtuous and far-sighted process that has allowed us to generate wealth and positively impact the local economy.Aware of its role  the Group is committed to actively contributing to the construction of a better future for the varying realities it operates in  striving towards a continuous improvement of its objectives  for a truly sustainable business success.""The Ascopiave Group is one of the leading national players in the country's gas distribution field  managing operations in 304 towns in Norther Italy providing service to approximately 870 000 users through a network of over 14 500 kilometres.The Group is also active in the field of renewable energy and integrated water supply; it holds a minority stake in energy marketing enterprises andpublic services.In the renewable energy sector  Ascopiave manages 29 hydroelectric and wind power plants in operation  with a nominal installed capacity of 84.1 MW.Ascopiave is a shareholder and technological partner of Cogeide S.p.A.  which manages the integrated water service in 15 towns in Lombardy  serving a catchment basin of over 100 thousand inhabitants through a network of 880 km. Ascopiave is a partner of the Hera Group in the marketing of energy  holding a 25% stake in EstEnergy S.p.A.  a leading player in the field with a portfolio of over 1 million sales contracts with end users  mainly in the Veneto  Friuli Venezia-Giulia and Lombardy regions.Moreover  the Group holds a minority stake in energy marketing businesses (Hera Comm S.p.A.)  in the field of utilities (Acinque S.p.A.) as wellas in the Information and Communication Technology Services (Acantho S.p.A.).Ascopiave has been listed on the Euronext Star Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange since 12 December 2006.Contact: Community Group Ascopiave Giuliano Pasini Tel. 0438 / 980098 Gianandrea Gamba Roberto Zava - Media Relator Tel. 0422 / 416111 Cell. 335 / 1852403 Cell. 335 / 6085019 Giacomo Bignucolo - Investor Relator Cell. 335 / 1311193Pieve di Soligo  18 April 20241",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['Ascopiave S', 'Sustainability Report', 'Approval', 'Hera Comm S.p.A.', 'Cogeide S.p.A.', 'EstEnergy S.p.A.', 'Acinque S.p.A.', 'Acantho S.p.A.', 'Euronext Star Milan segment', 'Gianandrea Gamba Roberto Zava', 'ASCOPIAVE S.p.A.', 'Dr. Nicola Cecconato', 'sustainable business success', 'integrated water supply', 'wind power plants', 'nominal installed capacity', '1 million sales contracts', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'leading national players', 'Communication Technology Services', 'Ascopiave Giuliano Pasini', 'other relevant stakeholders', 'integrated water service', 'renewable energy sector', 'energy marketing enterprises', 'energy marketing businesses', 'gas distribution field', 'Investor Relator Cell', 'The Sustainability Report', 'The Ascopiave Group', 'Hera Group', 'public services', 'leading player', 'Media Relator', 'The Group', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Sustainability"" section', 'positive opinion', 'Sustainability Committee', 'transparent testimony', 'three pillars', 'guiding light', 'long-term value', 'constant pursuit', 'economic value', 'sighted process', 'local economy', 'varying realities', 'continuous improvement', 'Norther Italy', 'catchment basin', '100 thousand inhabitants', 'Friuli Venezia-Giulia', 'Giacomo Bignucolo', 'Community Group', 'minority stake', 'technological partner', 'end users', 'Lombardy regions', '25% stake', '1852403 Cell', '870,000 users', 'Approval', 'website', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '12 April', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'balanced', 'commitment', 'social', 'governance', 'creation', 'benefit', 'shareholders', 'dedication', 'goal', 'suppliers', 'employees', 'lenders', 'communities', 'institutions', 'result', 'fruit', 'virtuous', 'wealth', 'role', 'construction', 'future', 'objectives', 'country', 'operations', '304 towns', 'network', '14,500 kilometres', '29 hydroelectric', '84.1 MW', '15 towns', '880 km', 'portfolio', 'Veneto', 'utilities', 'Information', '12 December', 'Contact', 'Tel.', 'Pieve', 'Soligo']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39524,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/tarkett-launches-nonpvc-resilient-flooring-collection-with-superior-performance-93CH-3385329,Tarkett launches non-PVC resilient flooring collection with superior performance By Investing.com,Tarkett launches non-PVC resilient flooring collection with superior performance,"SOLON  Ohio   April 18  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Global flooring manufacturer Tarkett has launched a non-PVC plank and tile flooring collection  evidence of the company's holistic approach to helping organizations meet their sustainability goals. The collection  Collective Pursuit™  is a high-performance solution that rivals luxury vinyl tile in dimensional stability  impact resistance and ease of maintenance. It is the first collection of its kind from Tarkett North America.Collective Pursuit™ rivals luxury vinyl tile in dimensional stability  impact resistance and ease of maintenance.""At Tarkett  we have listened to market demands and innovated to deliver solutions that perform as well as they inspire. That is our united mission”and this is our Collective Pursuit "" said Paul Young   senior vice president  market segments  product  innovation  design & sustainability  Tarkett Contract. ""Testing has proven that Collective Pursuit will perform as well as traditional LVT  making it an ideal resilient solution for customers who are committed to non-PVC materials.""With nature-inspired designs  Collective Pursuit is comprised of 10 wood and stone visuals that elevate a sense of well-being in the spaces where people work  heal  learn and live:Kyoto Stone SKS  available in 12"" x 24"" planks  offers two colors with subtle textures that evoke balance and harmony.Monteverde Oak SMV  available in 7.2"" x 48"" planks  offers two clean-grained oak hues that create a calming connection to nature and celebrate the natural wonder of mountain forests.North Island Oak SNI  available in 7.2"" x 48"" planks  channels the inherent beauty of wood through three natural colors  each with flowing grains and realistic effects seemingly culled directly from nature.Umbria Oak SBK  available in 7.2"" x 48"" planks  consists of three rich wood tones that are reminiscent of picturesque Umbrian landscapes.""Joy is a universal language. It's conveyed through our expressions and in our step "" said Omoleye Simmons  vice president  design  Tarkett Contract. ""When you walk on Collective Pursuit  you're transported to those places on Earth that universally translate beauty to joy  serenity to sensibility  and nature to harmony.""Furthering Tarkett's holistic approach to sustainability  Collective Pursuit is LBC Red List Free and  like all Tarkett North America floors  is ortho-phthalate“free. The collection is also part of ReStart ®  Tarkett's flooring take-back and recycling program.For easy design and color coordination  the collection is available on Tarkett's Brilliance „ Digital Color System  which puts the entire Tarkett Solution SPECtrum™ at designers' fingertips”no matter where they happen to be working. Within the digital tool  designers can save favorite surfaces to project boards  visualize them in a space  and order samples. By getting the right color match every time  the tool reduces sample waste and shipping  helping us all design more responsibly and reduce our carbon footprints.To learn more about Collective Pursuit  visit commercial.tarkett.com/collective-pursuit.About TarkettWith a 140-year history  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and durable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of 3.4 billion euros in 2023. The Group has around 12 000 employees  23 R&D centres  8 recycling centres and 34 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  shops and sports fields  serving customers in more than 100 countries. To build ""The Way to Better Floors""  the Group is committed to the circular economy and sustainable development  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design ® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.com.Every Step MattersFor years  Tarkett has raised the sustainability standards of the flooring industry. It purposefully designs floors with total transparency to create healthier  safer spaces for both people and planet. When Tarkett floors reach their end of life  the company's ReStart ® program makes it possible for them to be repurposed or recycled. Tarkett's near-term science-based carbon emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and are fully aligned with the Paris Climate Agreement objective to limit global warming by 1.5 degrees Celsius. For more information  visit commercial.tarkett.com/sustainability.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.49,0.49,0.02,True,English,"['non-PVC resilient flooring collection', 'superior performance', 'Tarkett', 'Investing', 'com', 'near-term science-based carbon emissions reduction targets', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Paris Climate Agreement objective', 'North Island Oak SNI', 'two clean-grained oak hues', 'three rich wood tones', 'entire Tarkett Solution SPECtrum™', 'Global flooring manufacturer Tarkett', 'Tarkett North America floors', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design ® approach', 'Monteverde Oak SMV', 'Umbria Oak SBK', 'luxury vinyl tile', 'picturesque Umbrian landscapes', 'LBC Red List', 'right color match', 'Kyoto Stone SKS', 'three natural colors', '23 R&D centres', 'Euronext regulated market', 'Digital Color System', 'senior vice president', 'healthier, safer spaces', 'tile flooring collection', 'sports surface solutions', 'carbon footprints', 'two colors', 'global warming', 'holistic approach', 'high-performance solution', 'resilient solution', 'color coordination', 'flooring take-back', 'durable flooring', 'flooring industry', 'stone visuals', 'natural wonder', '8 recycling centres', 'sports fields', 'market demands', 'market segments', 'Better Floors', 'Tarkett floors', 'PVC plank', 'Collective Pursuit™', 'dimensional stability', 'impact resistance', 'united mission', 'Paul Young', 'traditional LVT', 'PVC materials', 'nature-inspired designs', '12"" x 24"" planks', 'subtle textures', '7.2"" x 48"" planks', 'calming connection', 'mountain forests', 'flowing grains', 'realistic effects', 'universal language', 'Omoleye Simmons', 'recycling program', 'easy design', 'digital tool', 'favorite surfaces', 'sample waste', '140-year history', 'worldwide leader', 'net sales', '3.4 billion euros', '34 production sites', 'The Way', 'sustainable development', 'compartment B', 'total transparency', '1.5 degrees Celsius', 'Tarkett Contract', 'first collection', 'inherent beauty', ""designers' fingertips"", 'The Group', 'ReStart ® program', 'sustainability goals', 'sustainability standards', '10 wood', 'SOLON', 'Ohio', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'evidence', 'company', 'organizations', 'ease', 'maintenance', 'kind', 'innovation', 'Testing', 'customers', 'sense', 'well-being', 'people', 'balance', 'harmony', 'Joy', 'expressions', 'step', 'places', 'Earth', 'serenity', 'sensibility', 'Brilliance', 'boards', 'samples', 'shipping', 'collective-pursuit', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'shops', '100 countries', 'circular', 'economy', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'tarkett-group', 'years', 'planet', 'end', 'life', 'SBTi', 'information']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,investing.com
39525,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JDE-PEET-S-N-V-107634499/news/JDE-Peet-s-signs-MOUs-with-Honduras-Peru-and-Rwanda-to-combat-coffee-related-deforestation-46463340/,JDE Peet's signs MOUs with Honduras  Peru and Rwanda to combat coffee-related deforestation,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam 18 April 2024 JDE Peet’s has expanded its global effort to combat coffee-related deforestation by signing three Memoranda of Understanding with Peru  Honduras and Rwanda. This not only ensures continued access to th…,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam 18 April 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) has expanded its global effort to combat coffee-related deforestation by signing three Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs) with Peru  Honduras and Rwanda. This not only ensures continued access to the European market for smallholder farmers upon implementation of the EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR)  but crucially also fosters climate change resilience for coffee  which is imperative to ensuring that JDE Peet’s’ customers and consumers have continued access to a diversity of high-quality coffee products. JDE Peet’s has already signed MOUs to combat deforestation with Ethiopia  Papua New Guinea  Tanzania and Uganda.Honduras  Peru and Rwanda are committed to implementing JDE Peet’s’ innovative strategy to ensure all coffee is EUDR compliant  including the identification of coffee plots grown on land deforested after the 2020 cut-off date. A mutually agreed protocol will ensure that any coffee found to be in contravention of the new regulation is remediated. JDE Peet’s then works with farmers and local partners to assist in reforesting the land.This ground-breaking initiative  developed by JDE Peet’s in partnership with Enveritas  a global sustainability platform  uses a combination of high-resolution satellite imagery  artificial intelligence and on-the-ground verification to measure the extent of coffee-related deforestation. This approach allows local operators  governments  NGOs and farmers to better mitigate deforestation risks.To date  more than 90% of the coffee grown in the world has been mapped  representing a major step in the fight against deforestation. In addition to remediated deforested coffee plots  JDE Peet’s will bolster its efforts in regions at risk of deforestation  targeting the underlying issue of poverty by spearheading the advancement of regenerative agricultural practices.The new MOUs follow JDE Peet’s’ recent commitment to newly validated near-term and net-zero SBTi targets  including a specific SBTi Forest  Land and Agriculture (FLAG) target. SBTi FLAG is the world’s first framework for companies in land-intensive sectors to set science-based targets that include land-based emission reductions and removals.JDE Peet's is one of only 39 companies globally in the FMCG sector to have a net-zero target by 2050  and one of only 23 companies to have a FLAG target.JDE Peet’s’ commitments to combat deforestation are further captured in its expanded Forest Policy  which aims to protect forests through responsible sourcing principles and guidance and sets out expectations for suppliers. This includes a no-deforestation policy across JDE Peet’s’ primary deforestation-linked commodities  coffee  pulp & paper  palm oil and cocoa  with a target date of 31 December 2025.Laurent Sagarra  Vice President Sustainability at JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are very proud to further progress our efforts to combat deforestation through these new MOUs with Honduras  Peru and Rwanda. Deforestation  and its impact on climate change  poses a threat to our business  as we look to buy high-quality coffee beans from around the world to delight our customers and consumers. That is why JDE Peet’s is committed to working with our partners and governments to ensure we can grow coffee responsibly while helping to secure the livelihoods of millions of smallholder farmers.”For more information on JDE Peet's’ climate transition plan  please visit our Common Grounds programme.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,mixed,0.27,0.31,0.42,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'signs MOUs', 'coffee-related deforestation', 'Honduras', 'Peru', 'Rwanda', 'high-resolution satellite imagery', 'regenerative agricultural practices', 'land-based emission reductions', 'responsible sourcing principles', 'primary deforestation-linked commodities', 'Vice President Sustainability', 'Common Grounds programme', 'climate transition plan', 'global sustainability platform', 'Papua New Guinea', 'climate change resilience', 'specific SBTi Forest', 'net-zero SBTi targets', 'high-quality coffee products', 'high-quality coffee beans', 'EU Deforestation Regulation', 'new regulation', 'SBTi FLAG', 'science-based targets', 'net-zero target', 'Forest Policy', 'global effort', 'global workforce', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'three Memoranda', 'European market', 'innovative strategy', 'ground-breaking initiative', 'artificial intelligence', 'ground verification', 'local operators', 'major step', 'underlying issue', 'recent commitment', 'FLAG) target', 'first framework', 'land-intensive sectors', 'FMCG sector', 'FLAG target', 'palm oil', 'Laurent Sagarra', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'JDE Peet', 'new MOUs', '2020 cut-off date', 'target date', 'coffee-related deforestation', 'deforestation risks', 'deforestation policy', 'continued access', 'smallholder farmers', 'local partners', 'Enquiries Media', 'coffee plots', 'tea company', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'Understanding', 'Peru', 'Honduras', 'Rwanda', 'implementation', 'EUDR', 'customers', 'consumers', 'diversity', 'Ethiopia', 'Tanzania', 'Uganda', 'identification', 'protocol', 'contravention', 'partnership', 'Enveritas', 'combination', 'extent', 'approach', 'governments', 'NGOs', 'world', 'fight', 'addition', 'deforested', 'efforts', 'regions', 'poverty', 'advancement', 'near-term', 'Agriculture', 'companies', 'removals', 'commitments', 'forests', 'guidance', 'expectations', 'suppliers', 'pulp', 'paper', 'cocoa', '31 December', 'impact', 'threat', 'business', 'livelihoods', 'millions', 'information', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39526,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRTUALWARE-S-A-153642747/news/Virtualware-and-Totalpower-forge-strategic-partnership-to-introduce-VIROO-in-Brazil-46470255/,Virtualware and Totalpower forge strategic partnership to introduce VIROO in Brazil,(marketscreener.com) Bilbao  Spain  Brazil April 18   2024.-  Virtualware   the European leader in virtual reality has signed a partnership agreement with Totalpower to boost VIROO's presence in Latin America and Brazil. Focusing on innovative technologies fo…,Bilbao  Spain  Brazil April 18   2024.- Virtualware (EPA: MLVIR)  the European leader in virtual reality has signed a partnership agreement with Totalpower to boost VIROO's presence in Latin America and Brazil.Focusing on innovative technologies for Industry 4.0  Totalpower is the leading XR solutions provider in Latin America and Brazil  offering cutting-edge hardware  software  and AR/VR professional services across multiple sectors in these regions.This collaboration sees Totalpower joining the VIROO Partner Program as a Value Added Reseller  aiming to drive the adoption of the VIROO Enterprise VR platform across key industries such as Automotive  Oil & Gas  Heavy Machinery  Mining  Agribusiness  Manufacturing  and Services in the region.“We are very enthusiastic about this parentship. VIROO is an innovative VRaaS platform to improve our portfolio and create more customer value. Now  we have a complete solution (hardware  software  and services) attending to customer’s needs.” Fabiano Freitas  CEO at Totalpower.Jesus Garrido  Global Sales Manager at Virtualware  emphasizes the significance of adding Totalpower to their Partner Programme  citing it as a move that strengthens their collaborative ecosystem and brings specialized expertise to the Brazilian market.By adding VIROO to its portfolio  Totalpower enables its customers to achieve significant efficiency  productivity  and security gains by leveraging VIROO's ability to support the digital transformation of businesses.Headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  Virtualware is a global pioneer in developing virtual reality solutions for major industrial  educational  and healthcare conglomerates. Since its founding in 2004  the company has garnered widespread recognition for its accomplishments. In 2021  Virtualware was acknowledged as the world’s most Innovative VR Company and since April 2023 the company has been listed on the Euronext Access Paris stock exchange (Ticker: MLVIR).Virtualware’s flagship product  VIROO  is redefining the realm of enterprise VR  driving its adoption forward  leveraging innovative and sustainable strategies. Recognized for its pioneering approach in the immersive technology sector  it is rapidly becoming the global benchmark for developing and deploying multi-user VR applications in industry and education. The VR as a service platform is already used by over 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Vernova  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  Invest WindsorEssex  McMaster University  University of El Salvador  Conalep and EAN University.Safe HarborThis document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.25,0.55,True,English,"['strategic partnership', 'Virtualware', 'Totalpower', 'VIROO', 'Brazil', 'Euronext Access Paris stock exchange', 'leading XR solutions provider', 'international stock market movements', 'VIROO Enterprise VR platform', 'immersive technology sector', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'multi-user VR applications', 'Value Added Reseller', 'virtual reality solutions', 'Global Sales Manager', 'innovative VRaaS platform', 'AR/VR professional services', 'VIROO Partner Program', 'Innovative VR Company', 'exchange rates', 'service platform', 'Brazilian market', 'market situation', 'Partner Programme', 'global pioneer', 'global benchmark', 'innovative technologies', 'European leader', 'partnership agreement', 'Latin America', 'multiple sectors', 'key industries', 'Heavy Machinery', 'customer value', 'complete solution', 'Fabiano Freitas', 'Jesus Garrido', 'collaborative ecosystem', 'specialized expertise', 'security gains', 'digital transformation', 'healthcare conglomerates', 'widespread recognition', 'flagship product', 'sustainable strategies', 'pioneering approach', 'GE Vernova', 'Spanish Ministry', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'El Salvador', 'Safe Harbor', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'S.A.', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'final decisions', 'government guidelines', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'financial situation', 'other past', 'third parties', 'original recipients', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'future earnings', 'future documents', 'cutting-edge hardware', 'actual results', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'technological changes', 'actual events', 'current projections', 'information purposes', 'other document', 'Bilbao', 'Spain', 'Virtualware', 'EPA', 'MLVIR', 'Totalpower', 'presence', 'Industry 4.0', 'software', 'regions', 'collaboration', 'adoption', 'Automotive', 'Oil', 'Gas', 'Mining', 'Agribusiness', 'Manufacturing', 'parentship', 'portfolio', 'needs', 'CEO', 'significance', 'customers', 'productivity', 'ability', 'businesses', 'founding', 'accomplishments', 'world', 'April', 'Ticker', 'realm', 'education', '40 companies', 'institutions', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'Defense', 'Conalep', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'modifications', 'statements', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'management', 'date', 'estimates', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'alterations', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'debtors', 'counterparts', 'contents', 'disclaimer', 'account', 'persons', 'base', 'opinions']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39527,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/18/bison-wealth-llc-makes-new-218000-investment-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Bison Wealth LLC Makes New $218 000 Investment in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Bison Wealth LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor purchased 715 share…,Bison Wealth LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor purchased 715 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $218 000.Several other institutional investors and hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in PSA. Beverly Hills Private Wealth LLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at approximately $233 000. Conning Inc. boosted its position in shares of Public Storage by 8.6% during the fourth quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 9 105 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2 777 000 after buying an additional 718 shares during the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. increased its holdings in Public Storage by 12.8% in the 4th quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 879 773 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $268 331 000 after buying an additional 100 033 shares in the last quarter. Lecap Asset Management Ltd. purchased a new position in Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth about $1 208 000. Finally  Louisiana State Employees Retirement System bought a new position in Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at about $2 928 000. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Wall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthPSA has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Raymond James upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday  March 28th. Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research report on Friday  April 5th. Scotiabank increased their price target on Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a report on Monday  March 18th. Truist Financial raised their price target on Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  December 28th. Finally  BMO Capital Markets upped their price objective on Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday  March 19th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have issued a hold rating  seven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $305.00.Public Storage Stock Down 0.2 %NYSE PSA opened at $261.67 on Thursday. The company has a quick ratio of 0.62  a current ratio of 0.62 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $233.18 and a 52 week high of $312.25. The company has a market capitalization of $45.97 billion  a P/E ratio of 23.66  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 3.44 and a beta of 0.54. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $281.73 and its 200-day moving average price is $276.46.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). The firm had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.34% and a return on equity of 35.31%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year  the firm posted $4.16 EPS. On average  equities research analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.92 earnings per share for the current year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  March 28th. Investors of record on Wednesday  March 13th were issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday  March 12th. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.59%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is presently 108.50%.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['Bison Wealth LLC', 'Public Storage', 'New $2', 'Investment', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Louisiana State Employees Retirement System', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Wall Street Analysts Forecast Growth', 'Beverly Hills Private Wealth LLC', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'Lecap Asset Management Ltd.', 'seven Western European nations', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', '50-day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Several other institutional investors', 'Bison Wealth LLC', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'One investment analyst', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'equities research analysts', 'research analyst reports', 'equal weight” rating', 'sector perform” rating', '35% common equity interest', 'market perform” rating', 'consensus target price', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Get Free Report', 'dividend payout ratio', 'net margin', 'Public Storage Stock', 'Conning Inc.', 'analysts’ expectations', 'consensus rating', 'Shurgard brand', '$330.00 price target', 'buy” rating', 'market capitalization', 'price objective', 'research note', 'overweight” rating', 'research report', 'outperform” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'new stake', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'Raymond James', 'Wells Fargo', 'Truist Financial', 'current year', 'quarterly dividend', 'ex-dividend date', 'annualized basis', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fourth quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'same quarter', 'new position', '52 week low', 'quarterly revenue', 'United States', 'earnings results', 'additional 718 shares', 'additional 100,033 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', '$3.00 dividend', '$12.00 dividend', '40 states', 'PSA.', '16.92 earnings', '715 shares', '9,105 shares', '879,773 shares', 'company', 'Securities', 'changes', 'positions', 'subject', 'number', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Friday', 'April', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'December', 'Tuesday', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'debt', 'beta', 'February', 'firm', 'return', 'EPS', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'News', 'Ratings', '0.5', '45.', '35.31']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,etfdailynews.com
39528,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-Q1-2024-revenue-growth-2-6-including-2-4-organic-growth-46470598/,Econocom Group Se :  Q1 2024 revenue growth: 2.6% including 2.4% organic growth,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATIONApril 18th  2024Q1 2024 revenue growth:2.6% including 2.4% organic growthRevenue of €634 million  up1 2.6%  driven by the continued growth of the finance leasing business   a gradual recovery of t…,"Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATIONApril 18th  2024Q1 2024 revenue growth:2.6% including 2.4% organic growthRevenue of €634 million  up1 2.6%  driven by the continued growth of the finance leasing business (TMF)  a gradual recovery of the Products & Solutions business and solid performance by ServicesDuring the first three months of 2024  the businesses reported the following performances:Technology Management & Financing (TMF) continued to perform well  posting revenue of €207 million  an increase 1 of 10.6%  10.2% organically  amid a continually tight credit market. Thanks to its flexible  innovative offering that addresses clients' need for financing of digital or strategic assets  TMF maintains its positive trend after posting strong growth in 2023.of 10.6%  10.2% organically  amid a continually tight credit market. Thanks to its flexible  innovative offering that addresses clients' need for financing of digital or strategic assets  TMF maintains its positive trend after posting strong growth in 2023. Revenue for Products & Solutions (P&S) totalled €305 million  down 1 2.5% (2.6% organic). Performance in the first quarter varied from country to country but overall posted a notable improvement on H2 2023. Furthermore  the organic decline in P&S during Q1 2024 is in line with trends in the European IT distribution market  which reported decreases of 2% for Workspace solutions and 7% for Infrastructures 3 .2.5% (2.6% organic). Performance in the first quarter varied from country to country but overall posted a notable improvement on H2 2023. Furthermore  the organic decline in P&S during Q1 2024 is in line with trends in the European IT distribution market  which reported decreases of 2% for Workspace solutions and 7% for Infrastructures . Services continued its recovery  reporting its fourth consecutive quarter of growth. Revenue for the first quarter was up (total1 and organic2) 3.2%  standing at €122 million  driven mainly by Spain and France.2024 revenue growth guidance confirmedAfter an altogether positive first-quarter performance  the group confirms its annual revenue growth guidance of between 3 and 5%  profiting from an IT asset distribution market expected to grow3 in the second half of 2024.Next publication: H1 2024 results  24 July 2024 after close of trading.1 At constant standards2 At constant scope and standards3 Context study for beginning of 2024.Reconciliation between first 3 months 2023 financial data published in the press release dated 17 April 2023 and data considered in this press release.“First 3 months 2023 reported” corresponds to revenue for the first three months of 2023 as presented in the 17 April 2023 press release.“First 3 months 2023 restated” corresponds to revenue published for the first three months of 2023 adjusted for changes in discontinued operations scope as defined by IFRS 5 and changes in accounting policies. It serves as the basis for calculating total growth rates (“at constant standards”).“First 3 months 2023 pro forma” corresponds to restated revenue for the first three months of 2023 and adjusted for changes in exchange rates and consolidation scope (acquisitions and disposals). It serves as the basis for calculating organic growth rates (“at constant standards and scope”).Revenue (€m) Group total TMF P&S Services First 3 months 2023 reported 636.9 197.3 312.4 127.2 Deconsolidation of discontinued activities -19.1 -10.5 0.4 -9.0 First 3 months 2023 restated 617.7 186.8 312.8 118.2 Exchange rate impact 0.7 0.3 0.4 - Change in consolidation scope (acquisitions) 0.4 0.4 - - First 3 months 2023 pro forma 618.8 187.4 312.2 118.2ABOUT ECONOCOMThe Econocom Group  created 50 years ago  is a pioneer in supporting the digital transformation of companies. Its solutions  focused on the development and transformation of the workplace  audiovisual & digital signage as well as infrastructure  cover the full range of responsibilities and expertise necessary for any digital venture: from the design phase and help in the choice of the solution to the deployment of the equipment and outsourcing. It includes the purchase or rental of equipment  customisation  associated and managed services  as well as the reconditioning of end-of-life equipment.Present in 16 countries with more than 8 800 employees  Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  Bel Mid and Family Business indices. It generated revenue of €2 681 million in 2023.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comInvestor and shareholder relations: benjamin.pehau@econocom.comFinancial communications agency: info@capvalue.fr +33 1 80 81 50 00This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m5xrlcVvlpiZlZxpl8tuapdpnG9oxmfHaZKXx2RpasmbbZuSyZmSmpedZnFmlmtp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85163-econocom-pr-revenue-q1-18042024-def.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.63,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['Q1 2024 revenue growth', '2.4% organic growth', 'Econocom Group', 'European IT distribution market', 'IT asset distribution market', 'annual revenue growth guidance', 'first 3 months 2023 financial data', 'tight credit market', 'Financial communications agency', 'flexible, innovative offering', 'finance leasing business', 'Family Business indices', 'TMF P&S Services', 'Exchange rate impact', 'fourth consecutive quarter', 'total growth rates', 'first three months', 'original press release', '2024 revenue growth guidance', 'next press releases', 'organic growth rates', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'positive first-quarter performance', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', '17 April 2023 press release', 'The Econocom Group', 'Q1 2024 revenue growth', 'exchange rates', '2.4% organic growth', 'first quarter', 'continued growth', 'strong growth', 'other releases', 'positive trend', 'Solutions business', 'organic decline', 'following performances', 'Technology Management', ""clients' need"", 'strategic assets', 'notable improvement', 'second half', 'Next publication', 'H1 2024 results', '3 Context study', 'accounting policies', 'discontinued activities', 'design phase', 'managed services', 'Bel Mid', 'shareholder relations', 'constant scope', 'operations scope', 'consolidation scope', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'solid performance', 'constant standards', 'Inside Information', 'Workspace solutions', 'digital signage', 'digital venture', 'gradual recovery', 'full range', 'life equipment', 'digital transformation', 'Products', 'businesses', 'Financing', 'increase', 'country', 'H2', 'trends', 'decreases', 'Infrastructures', 'Spain', 'France', 'close', 'trading', 'beginning', 'Reconciliation', 'changes', 'IFRS', 'basis', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Deconsolidation', 'ABOUT', 'pioneer', 'companies', 'development', 'audiovisual', 'responsibilities', 'expertise', 'choice', 'deployment', 'outsourcing', 'purchase', 'rental', 'customisation', 'reconditioning', '16 countries', '8,800 employees', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'MORE', 'Investor', 'benjamin', 'pehau', 'capvalue', 'm5xrlcVvlpiZlZxpl8tuapdpnG9oxmfHaZKXx2RpasmbbZuSyZmSmpedZnFmlmtp', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '1 80']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39529,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/18/2865424/0/en/Atos-renews-its-AWS-Managed-Service-Provider-MSP-designation.html,Atos renews its AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) designation,News  Atos renews its AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) designation  Paris  France – April 18  2024 – Atos today announced renewal of its membership...,NewsAtos renews its AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) designationParis  France – April 18  2024 – Atos today announced renewal of its membership in the robust Amazon Web Services (AWS) Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partner Program.The AWS MSP Partner Program recognizes and validates leading APN Consulting Partners highly skilled at providing full lifecycle solutions to customers. Next-generation AWS MSPs can help enterprises invent tomorrow  solve business problems  and support initiatives by driving key outcomes. AWS MSPs provide the expertise  guidance  and services to help clients through each stage of the Cloud Adoption Journey: Plan & Design > Build & Migrate > Run & Operate > Optimize.The AWS MSP Program validation process consists of a rigorous multi-day onsite audit performed by an independent  third-party auditor and aims to confirm the partner’s ability to provide next-generation managed services and capabilities in cloud architecture  automation  optimization  and management to their client’s AWS environments. The use of a third-party validation audit brings value to participating APN Partners and AWS customers  who can confidently identify qualified AWS MSP Partners. Successfully completing the audit ensures AWS MSP Partners are experts on all AWS products and features  and that their business processes are best of breed  ensuring they are capable of delivering the high-level of customer focus Amazon is known for.“Atos Tech Foundations is proud to have successfully renewed its AWS Managed Service Provider Partner Program membership ” said Chris Byrne  Global AWS Alliance Leader  AWS Practice  Atos. “This achievement validates the robustness of our end-to-end managed services around AWS. From the automation built into our Landing Zone Accelerator managed services  to observability and AIOps as part of our SIO Bridge services  to continuous optimization of performance and cost  our customers can rely on certified experts to start or continue their migration to the cloud with confidence in the subsequent operations  making the most of the extensive AWS portfolio and Atos capabilities as an integrator.”By migrating to and building on Amazon Web Services (AWS)  companies around the world are re-defining what’s possible. The explosive growth of technology solutions available from AWS and AWS Partner Network (APN) Partners  combined with the need for faster and more agile solution development  raises many questions for companies seeking to modernize their business. The AWS MSP Partner Program was created to help customers identify validated APN Consulting Partners skilled at cloud infrastructure and application migration  and deliver value to customers by offering proactive monitoring  automation  and management of their customer’s environments.AWS MSP Partners are fundamental to helping customers take advantage of the AWS Cloud.Atos and AWS have partnered to streamline the journey to cloud through the Atos CloudCatalyst solution. Atos CloudCatalyst provides the technical and commercial advisory services  digital engineering  cloud expertise  and managed services resources needed to migrate from current on-premise data center services to hybrid-cloud models. The Atos CloudCatalyst delivery capabilities have been tested in many projects of different business scenarios and can be relied on for mission-critical business needs.Atos Tech Foundations has recently reached close to 3 000 certifications  receiving an AWS Certification Distinction  an industry-recognized credential demonstrating Atos’ teams’ ability to design  deploy and operate applications and infrastructure on AWS.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 95 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactIsabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 88Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.54,0.45,0.02,True,English,"['AWS Managed Service Provider', 'MSP) designation', 'Atos', 'AWS Managed Service Provider Partner Program membership', 'The AWS MSP Program validation process', 'The AWS MSP Partner Program', 'The Atos CloudCatalyst delivery capabilities', 'AWS) Managed Service Provider', 'rigorous multi-day onsite audit', 'premise data center services', 'qualified AWS MSP Partners', 'leading APN Consulting Partners', 'MSP) Partner Program', 'Global AWS Alliance Leader', 'robust Amazon Web Services', 'third-party validation audit', 'AWS Partner Network', 'next-generation managed services', 'managed services resources', 'participating APN Partners', 'independent, third-party auditor', 'Landing Zone Accelerator', 'extensive AWS portfolio', 'AWS Certification Distinction', 'end managed services', 'SIO Bridge services', 'commercial advisory services', 'Next-generation AWS MSPs', 'full lifecycle solutions', 'different business scenarios', 'mission-critical business needs', 'Atos CloudCatalyst solution', 'Atos Tech Foundations', 'agile solution development', 'secure information space', 'Atos’ teams’ ability', 'Cloud Adoption Journey', 'APN) Partners', 'global leader', 'MSP) designation', 'AWS Practice', 'AWS Cloud', 'decarbonization services', 'Atos capabilities', 'AWS environments', 'AWS products', 'technology solutions', 'end solutions', 'business problems', 'business processes', 'AWS customers', 'key outcomes', 'Chris Byrne', 'subsequent operations', 'explosive growth', 'many questions', 'proactive monitoring', 'digital engineering', 'hybrid-cloud models', 'many projects', 'industry-recognized credential', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'cloud architecture', 'customer focus', 'continuous optimization', 'application migration', 'Euronext Paris', 'Isabelle Grangé', 'cloud infrastructure', 'cloud expertise', 'Atos.', 'News', 'France', 'April', 'renewal', 'enterprises', 'tomorrow', 'initiatives', 'guidance', 'clients', 'stage', 'Plan', 'Optimize', 'automation', 'management', 'use', 'value', 'experts', 'features', 'breed', 'high-level', 'achievement', 'robustness', 'observability', 'AIOps', 'cost', 'certified', 'confidence', 'integrator', 'companies', 'world', 'faster', 'advantage', 'technical', 'current', 'close', '3,000 certifications', 'applications', 'c.', '95,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'purpose', 'future', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'grange', 'Attachment']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,globenewswire.com
39530,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRODWAYS-GROUP-34858210/news/Prodways-Group-Activity-of-the-1st-quarter-2024-EUR-16-M-in-revenue-46470906/,Prodways Group :  Activity of the 1st quarter 2024: EUR 16 M in revenue,(marketscreener.com)  18 April 2024 at 18h  Prodways Group generated €16 million in revenue in the first quarter of 2024. The revenue level has decreased compared to the revenue published last year primarily due to the reclassification of the company in …,"18 April 2024 at 18hProdways Group generated €16 million in revenue in the first quarter of 2024. The revenue level has decreased compared to the revenue published last year primarily due to the reclassification of the company in the Software activity (IFRS 15 standard) and changes of the scope of activities implemented in early 2024. On a comparable basis to the current scope  revenues decreased by approximately €1 million (-7%) in the context of a first quarter disrupted by organizational changes.First quarter 2024 revenuesCurrent scopeand variation on a comparable basis[1] Published IFRS revenues (en €million) Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Variation(€M) Variation(%) Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Variation(€M) Variation(%) Systems 7 1 7 5 -0 4 -6% 7 6 11 9 -4 3 -36% Products 8 2 8 9 -0 7 -8% 8 4 9 7 -1 3 -13% Structure & intra-group eliminations 0 0 0 0 - n.a 0 0 0 0 - n.a Consolidated revenues 15 2 16 4 -1 1 -7% 16 0 21 6 -5 6 -26%Systems division: revenues similar to last year on a comparable basis and new printer salesThe Systems division generated €7.1 million in revenue in the current scope  compared to €7.5 million in the first quarter of 2023 on a comparable basis. This level is in line with the group's expectations in a first quarter still disrupted by the refocusing of Printer activity on the industrial segment and the discontinuation of small printer activity.However  Prodways Group has reinitiated a positive commercial momentum in the sales of MovingLight and associated 3D materials. Two new printer sales were secured in the first quarter of 2024  one for a global player in orthodontics and the other for a dental prosthetics laboratory. While this sales level remains insufficient  the pipeline of serious commercial opportunities is filling up.The Software activity is off to a strong start this year thanks to the new sales organization. This quarter  gains from new clients and significant contracts more than offset the revenue smoothing effect due to the transition of sales to the SaaS model. The revenue generated by these recurring sales thus rose by +72% in the first quarter 2024.Products division: 8 M€ in revenueThe Digital Manufacturing activity generated a mixed performance over the first quarter of 2024: the month of January was relatively weak  but the activity rebounded with the implementation of a new sales organization effective since February. This positive trend materialized in March with revenue growth of +11% and sequential growth in order intake.However  audiology revenues are down this quarter  by a few hundred thousand euros  notably due to a decrease in the production of hearing protection in the last month. This is explained by an ongoing transition in the commercial and technical organization as well as in the planning of field impression-taking tours. This new organization should yield significant results as early as the second quarter of 2024.OutlookProdways Group has effectively continued the implementation of measures announced at the beginning of 2024 aimed at improving the group's commercial dynamics and profitability. The first quarter of 2024 remains disrupted by these changes  in line with the company's expectations  and Prodways continues to target revenue growth on a comparable basis this year  as well as an improvement in its current EBITDA margin rate.About Prodways GroupProdways Group specializes in industrial and professional 3D printing with a unique position as an integrated European player. The Group has developed across the entire value chain of 3D printing (software  printers  materials  parts & services) with a technologically advanced industrial solution. Prodways Group offers a wide range of 3D printing systems and premium composite  hybrid  or powder materials (SYSTEMS division). The Group also manufactures and markets on-demand parts  prototypes  and small series printed in 3D  in plastic and metal (PRODUCTS division). Prodways Group serves a wide range of sectors  particularly in the medical field.Listed on Euronext Paris (FR0012613610 - PWG)  the Group reported in 2023 revenue of €75 million.For further information: https://www.prodways-group.comFollow us and keep up with Prodways Group's latest news of Prodways group on Twitter and LinkedIn !@ProdwaysProdways GroupContactsINVESTOR RELATIONSHugo SoussanInvestor relationsTel : +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86 / h.soussan@prodways.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxShareholders contactTel : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72 / apetureaux@actus.frMEDIA CONTACTManon ClairetFinancial media relationsTel : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73 / mclairet@actus.fr[1] Adjustments between the published IFRS revenue and the revenue of the current scope compared to a comparable basis include: Software revenue in Q1 2023 classified as Agent (effective since July 1st  2023)  exclusion of the Solidscape perimeter (activity discontinued in January 2024)  and exclusion of the Cristal perimeter (activity sold in February 2024).This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yGyclJqblmybmW9wlcqYmpNsm2mSx5PGbmeWxWZsmMubnW2SnG9nbcbKZnFmlmtm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85160-cp_prodways_ca-t1-2024_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.35,0.51,True,English,"['Prodways Group', '1st quarter', 'Activity', 'revenue', 'current EBITDA margin rate', 'The Digital Manufacturing activity', 'Two new printer sales', 'dental prosthetics laboratory', 'hundred thousand euros', 'entire value chain', 'premium composite, hybrid', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'field impression-taking tours', 'integrated European player', 'serious commercial opportunities', 'professional 3D printing', 'Financial media relations', 'positive commercial momentum', 'new sales organization', 'small printer activity', 'revenue smoothing effect', 'The Systems division', '3D printing systems', 'The Software activity', 'First quarter 2024 revenues', 'new organization', 'new clients', 'The Group', 'global player', 'positive trend', 'technical organization', 'small series', 'medical field', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'recurring sales', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'commercial dynamics', 'current scope', 'second quarter', 'sales level', 'IFRS 15 standard', 'comparable basis', 'intra-group eliminations', 'last year', 'strong start', 'significant contracts', 'SaaS model', 'mixed performance', 'sequential growth', 'order intake', 'hearing protection', 'significant results', 'unique position', 'wide range', 'Euronext Paris', 'latest news', 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux', 'Manon Clairet', 'July 1st', 'Solidscape perimeter', 'Cristal perimeter', '3D materials', 'Products division', 'IFRS revenues', 'Consolidated revenues', 'audiology revenues', 'industrial segment', 'industrial solution', 'powder materials', 'revenue growth', 'Software revenue', 'Prodways Group', 'last month', 'ongoing transition', 'demand parts', 'Hugo Soussan', 'organizational changes', 'revenue level', 'Q1 2023 Variation', '2023 revenue', '18 April', '18h', 'reclassification', 'company', 'activities', 'early 2024', 'context', 'Structure', 'expectations', 'refocusing', 'discontinuation', 'MovingLight', 'orthodontics', 'pipeline', 'gains', 'January', 'implementation', 'February', 'March', 'decrease', 'production', 'planning', 'Outlook', 'measures', 'beginning', 'profitability', 'improvement', 'printers', 'services', 'markets', 'prototypes', 'plastic', 'metal', 'sectors', 'PWG', 'information', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Shareholders', 'apetureaux', 'mclairet', 'Adjustments', 'Agent', 'exclusion', 'publication', 'yGyclJqblmybmW9wlcqYmpNsm2mSx5PGbme']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39531,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-S-P-A-141793545/news/Energy-S-p-a-GBC-Research-initiates-coverage-with-buy-recommendation-and-target-price-of-EUR-2-75-46465497/,Energy S.p.a.: GBC Research initiates coverage with buy recommendation and target price of EUR 2.75,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: Energy S.p.A. / Key word: Research UpdateEnergy S.p.a.: GBC Research initiates coverage with buy recommendation and target price of EUR 2.75  18.04.2024 / 09:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely resp…,EQS-News: Energy S.p.A. / Key word(s): Research UpdateEnergy S.p.a.: GBC Research initiates coverage with buy recommendation and target price of EUR 2.7518.04.2024 / 09:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Energy S.p.a.: GBC Research initiates coverage with buy recommendation and target price of EUR 2.75Strong market position in the field of Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) on the Italian domestic market.Internationalization offers considerable growth potential.Analysts determine a fair enterprise value of EUR 2.75 per Energy share.Sant'Angelo di Piove di Sacco (Padua  Italien)  April 18  2024 – GBC Research has added Energy S.p.a. (ISIN IT0005500712  ticker ENY) to its coverage. Based on the detailed initial study  the analysts recommend buying the shares of the specialist for Battery Energy Storage Systems. The target price is EUR 2.75. The Energy share is currently trading at around EUR 1.35.From the analysts' perspective  Energy is a beneficiary of the booming demand for renewable energies and the associated grid services. Energy is contributing to the green transformation in the European energy sector with fully integrated Battery Energy Storage Systems  which are often used in the context of renewable energies. Due to the boom in energy production from solar  wind and other sources  almost 44% of the Eurozone's energy mix is now covered by renewable sources (source: Ember think tank). This also increases the need for efficient storage systems.The strong market position in the Italian domestic market provides a good basis for driving forward internationalization in the coming years. In GBC's view  this should also become the driver for Energy's sales and earnings growth in the coming years. After sales of EUR 63.33 million and EBITDA of EUR 10.12 million in 2023  the analysts expect significant increases in the coming years. In 2026  Energy is expected to generate sales of EUR 83.46 million and EBITDA of EUR 14.70 million. In addition to the export business with a focus on Europe  the expansion of the product portfolio to include large and extra-large Battery Energy Storage Systems (XL product line) should also contribute to growth.***Energy S.p.A.  founded in 2013 by Davide Tinazzi  Andrea Taffurelli and Massimiliano Ghirlanda and listed since 1 August 2022 on the Euronext Growth Milan market of the Italian Stock Exchange  is a company with operational headquarters in the province of Padua  Italy  and an industry leader in offering energy storage systems for both residential and large-scale applications. These systems allow energy to be stored and released according to customers' energy needs. To date  there are more than 60 000 systems sold by Energy and already installed in Italy  dedicated to the residential  commercial  industrial  utilities and electric mobility markets. As of 31 December 2023  revenues amounted to EUR 63.3 million and net profit to EUR 5.6 million. Among the most important projects realised are the large plant in Comiso  Sicily  consisting of an agri-voltaic plant and a photovoltaic field; the large plant dedicated to the CAAB in Bologna; Smart Grids at numerous municipalities in Sardinia and Lombardy; and a Condominium Energy Community in Switzerland where individual hubs exchange energy according to need. Energy's sales channels include both generalist distributors of electrical equipment and photovoltaic specialists  and the company also works with large European EPCs. The proximity of Energy's logistics to the headquarters of major distributors has led the company to have strong partnerships with Italian and European market players. The company purchases components from major international suppliers and combines them with proprietary software called 'ZeroCO2' into systems that comply with EU standards. https://www.energysynt.com/enContactsCompanyEnergy S.p.A.Tel. +39 049 2701296investor@energysynt.comIR & Corporate Media Relations Advisors InternationalTWIN Srlenergy@twin.servicesMara Di GiorgioTel. +39 335 7737417Federico BagatellaTel. +39 331 8007258Chiara BortolatoTel. +39 347 8533894Giorgia FenaroliTel. +39 334 2208486,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Energy S.p.a', 'GBC Research', 'buy recommendation', 'target price', 'coverage', 'Research Update Energy S.p.a', 'Contacts Company Energy S.p.A.', 'Corporate Media Relations Advisors International', 'extra-large Battery Energy Storage Systems', 'residential, commercial, industrial, utilities', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Key word(s', 'efficient storage systems', 'major international suppliers', 'European market players', 'fair enterprise value', 'detailed initial study', 'associated grid services', 'Ember think tank', 'electric mobility markets', 'Mara Di Giorgio', 'Strong market position', 'European energy sector', ""customers' energy needs"", 'Condominium Energy Community', 'Italian domestic market', 'considerable growth potential', 'XL product line', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'The Energy share', 'large European EPCs', 'energy production', 'energy mix', 'GBC Research', 'strong partnerships', 'earnings growth', 'product portfolio', 'major distributors', 'buy recommendation', 'target price', ""Sant'Angelo"", 'booming demand', 'renewable energies', 'green transformation', 'other sources', 'renewable sources', 'good basis', 'coming years', 'significant increases', 'export business', 'Davide Tinazzi', 'Andrea Taffurelli', 'Massimiliano Ghirlanda', 'industry leader', 'large-scale applications', 'net profit', 'important projects', 'large plant', 'agri-voltaic plant', 'Smart Grids', 'numerous municipalities', 'individual hubs', 'generalist distributors', 'electrical equipment', 'photovoltaic specialists', 'proprietary software', 'EU standards', 'Federico Bagatella', 'Chiara Bortolato', 'Giorgia Fenaroli', 'operational headquarters', 'photovoltaic field', 'TWIN Srl', ""analysts' perspective"", 'sales channels', '60,000 systems', 'EQS-News', 'coverage', '30 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'BESS', 'Internationalization', 'Piove', 'Sacco', 'Padua', 'Italien', 'April', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'ENY', 'shares', 'beneficiary', 'context', 'wind', 'Eurozone', 'forward', 'view', 'driver', 'EBITDA', 'addition', 'focus', 'expansion', '1 August', 'province', 'Italy', '31 December', 'revenues', 'Comiso', 'Sicily', 'CAAB', 'Bologna', 'Sardinia', 'Lombardy', 'Switzerland', 'proximity', 'logistics', 'components', 'energysynt', 'Tel.', 'investor', '09', '331']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/18/2865091/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8774 £ 24.9583 Estimated MTD return 1.18 % 1.25 % Estimated YTD return 1.20 % 1.58 % Estimated ITD return 178.77 % 149.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.86 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.0692 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.8614The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,globenewswire.com
39533,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46462980/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8774 £ 24.9583 Estimated MTD return 1.18 % 1.25 % Estimated YTD return 1.20 % 1.58 % Estimated ITD return 178.77 % 149.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.86 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.0692 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.8614The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39534,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Sets-Bold-Growth-Goals-in-the-United-States-Boosting-Its-Ecological-Solutions-to-Improve-Eco-46472124/,Veolia Sets Bold Growth Goals in the United States  Boosting Its Ecological Solutions to Improve Economic Growth and Public Health for Americans,(marketscreener.com) Veolia targets major expansion in the U.S. environmental market with strong ambitions in line with GreenUP planVeolia has already achieved 2.6 times growth between 2019 and 2023 in the U.S.  to reach 5.4 billion in sales by 2023.…,"Veolia targets major expansion in the U.S. environmental market with strong ambitions in line with GreenUP plan Veolia has already achieved 2.6 times growth between 2019 and 2023 in the U.S.  to reach 5.4 billion in sales by 2023. Veolia aims to increase its revenue by 50% by 2027 & double in size by 2030 Value creation ~+ 200bps in ROCE by 2027 Decarbonization: 600K tons CO2e of erased emissions (Scope 4) Regeneration: 120M m3 of water saved Depollution: 2M tons of hazardous waste treatedRegulatory News:On the occasion of its Deep Dive US conference in New York  Veolia (Paris:VIE) today unveiled bold growth ambitions in the booming U.S environmental services market  building on its unique experience and capabilities to expand its business in a country which represents around 25% of the world’s market. The strong growth in demand is due to industrial relocation  water shortages and pollution problems  as well as public health issues. It is supported by ambitious regulation and investment policies.The Group is the top-ranked environmental company in the United States for three consecutive years1  and the country’s largest private water operator and technology provider as well as hazardous waste and pollution treatment leader. It is uniquely positioned in the American market with a leadership role in improving water quality and mitigating hazardous waste.Between 2019 and 2023  Veolia benefited from dramatic growth (x2.6 revenues) with an increased demand for its services due to the acceleration of climate change and regulatory changes. With $5.4 billion in sales in 2023  representing 11% of the Group's total revenues ($49 billion) and 12 000 employees  Veolia plans to further expand its footprint in the U.S.Veolia is committed to continue supporting the U.S. sustainable growth and contribute to public health protection. The Group is engaging on high-impact objectives: by 2027 Veolia aims to grow its revenue by 50% and double in size by 2030.""Today  the United States is one of the fastest-growing markets for environmental services. Industrial reshoring  water scarcity  public health - all these priorities are driving growth in demand. As a long-standing player and world leader in ecological transformation  Veolia is committed to contribute its know-how and expertise to serve the needs of American customers in solving these problems "" said Estelle Brachlianoff  CEO of Veolia.""Through its positioning and mix of activities  Veolia is able to bring environmental solutions to improve economic growth and public health in America and we are setting ambitious goals to expand and strengthen our positive impact”.***DecarbonizationErase 600kt of CO2 from the atmosphere by 2027 through our comprehensive efforts to help clients run more sustainable and efficient operations by producing local renewable energy  and delivering energy efficiency solutions and resource regeneration solutions helping to offset and avoid emissions.RegenerationSave 120M m3 of water by 2027 (equivalent to San Francisco's annual water consumption) thanks to its worldwide expertise in water services and its know-how in the reuse of treated wastewater.In a context of reshoring and industry growth  population growth in water scarce areas  water quality awareness (PFAS  new pollutants  etc.) key environmental services needed: water recycling  water distribution network leakage reduction  water supply to cities and industries  water quality etc. Access to water is therefore essential to sustain growth  with the market estimated at $34 billion a year by 2027.As the first US leader in water operations & maintenance and the third leader in regulated water with 200 water & wastewater facilities operated  Veolia serves more than 1 in 13 people in America (27M people) and it is the only private company able to provide all contract services.Water quality and public healthRemain at the forefront of the fight against PFAS in drinking water and across the value chain dedicating its technical expertise and research and development resources to help tackle this emerging pollution.PFAS mitigation is one of the top public health priorities in the United States  with increasing regulations and an estimated $200 billion decontamination market. Our customers - local authorities and industry - need help to ensure the safety of drinking water  the removal of pollutants from wastewater  and the remediation of sites such as airports  airbases and chemical PFAS production sites. These challenges call for treatment know-how tailored to local needs  including membrane filtration and hazardous waste treatment.Veolia already has extensive experience in the fight against PFAS throughout the world  and in the United States in particular  with 30 PFAS treatment projects in drinking water already underway and 50 more in the pipeline.DepollutionWith the ambition of 2M tons of hazardous waste treated by 2027  Veolia aims to strengthen its position as leader in hazardous waste treatment in the United States. Veolia plays an essential role for many American industries: ability to help customers to be compliant with evolving regulations. It is a key market differentiator in a fast-growing market thanks to $2 billion in public funding for infrastructure  manufacturing reshoring and competitiveness in the U.S. Accessible hazardous waste market expected to grow to $11B in 2027 (5% CAGR) with 8M tons of hazardous waste per year.ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023. www.veolia.com_________________________1 https://www.enr.com/toplists/2023-Top-200-Environmental-Firms-PreviewView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240418674731/en/",neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.27,0.3,True,English,"['Bold Growth Goals', 'Economic Growth', 'United States', 'Ecological Solutions', 'Public Health', 'Veolia', 'Americans', 'water distribution network leakage reduction', 'booming U.S environmental services market', 'Deep Dive US conference', 'U.S. environmental market', 'largest private water operator', 'chemical PFAS production sites', 'top public health priorities', 'U.S. sustainable growth', 'three consecutive years', '$200 billion decontamination market', 'key environmental services', 'first US leader', 'energy efficiency solutions', '600K tons CO2e', 'local renewable energy', 'public health issues', 'public health protection', 'annual water consumption', 'water scarce areas', '30 PFAS treatment projects', 'bold growth ambitions', 'hazardous waste treatment', 'water quality awareness', 'resource regeneration solutions', 'many American industries', 'pollution treatment leader', 'environmental solutions', 'American market', 'environmental company', 'private company', 'water services', 'treatment know', 'contract services', 'strong ambitions', '2M tons', 'emerging pollution', 'local authorities', 'third leader', 'water shortages', 'water scarcity', 'water recycling', 'water supply', 'water operations', 'drinking water', '2.6 times growth', 'strong growth', 'dramatic growth', 'economic growth', 'population growth', 'major expansion', 'GreenUP plan', 'Value creation', '120M m3', 'Regulatory News', 'New York', 'unique experience', 'industrial relocation', 'ambitious regulation', 'investment policies', 'United States', 'technology provider', 'leadership role', 'x2.6 revenues', 'climate change', 'regulatory changes', 'total revenues', 'high-impact objectives', 'growing markets', 'standing player', 'ecological transformation', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'ambitious goals', 'positive impact', 'comprehensive efforts', 'efficient operations', 'San Francisco', 'value chain', 'development resources', 'PFAS mitigation', 'increasing regulations', 'membrane filtration', 'extensive experience', 'essential role', 'pollution problems', 'American customers', 'local needs', 'The Group', 'worldwide expertise', 'technical expertise', 'industry growth', 'world leader', 'erased emissions', 'Industrial reshoring', 'new pollutants', '27M people', 'wastewater facilities', '200 water', '13 people', 'Veolia', 'line', 'sales', 'size', 'ROCE', 'Decarbonization', 'Scope', 'Depollution', 'occasion', 'Paris', 'VIE', 'capabilities', 'business', 'country', 'demand', 'acceleration', '12,000 employees', 'footprint', 'long', 'know-how', 'CEO', 'positioning', 'mix', 'activities', '600kt', 'atmosphere', 'clients', 'reuse', 'context', 'cities', 'Access', 'maintenance', 'forefront', 'fight', 'research', 'help', 'safety', 'removal', 'remediation', 'airports', 'airbases', 'challenges', '2027']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39535,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-announces-the-launch-of-an-offering-of-approximately-100-million-convertible-bonds-46463205/,Pharming Group announces the launch of an offering of approximately 100 million convertible bonds due 2029 and the concurrent repurchase of the outstanding 125 million convertible bonds due 2025,(marketscreener.com) NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. Pharming Group N.V. launches new convertibl…,"NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.Pharming Group N.V. launches new convertible bond offering and simultaneously invites holders of its outstanding €125 million 3.00% convertible bonds due 2025 to offer their convertible bonds for purchase for cashLeiden  the Netherlands  18th April  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) launches today the issue of approximately €100 million senior unsecured convertible bonds due 2029 (the “New Bonds”) convertible into new and/or existing ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (the “Shares”) and concurrently invites current holders of its outstanding €125 million 3.00% convertible bonds due 2025 to submit offers to sell for cash.The New Bonds are expected to be issued on 25 th April 2024 (the “Issue Date” ) and to carry a coupon of 4.50% per annum payable semi-annuallyApril 2024 (the ) and to carry a coupon of 4.50% per annum payable semi-annually The New Bonds will have a maturity date of 25 th April 2029 (the “Maturity Date ”)April 2029 (the ”) The initial conversion price at which the New Bonds may be converted into Pharming’s Shares is expected to be set at a premium of between 32.50% and 42.50% above the volume weighted average price (the “VWAP” ) of a Share on Euronext Amsterdam between opening of trading on the launch date and the pricing of the offering) of a Share on Euronext Amsterdam between opening of trading on the launch date and the pricing of the offering Pharming will use the net proceeds of the issue for the concurrent repurchase of the outstanding €125 million 3.00% senior unsecured convertible bonds due 2025 issued on 21 January 2020 (the “2025 Bonds”; ISIN: XS2105716554) to strengthen its financial position while enhancing flexibility for the continued execution of its business strategy over the next several yearsNew Bonds OfferingThe New Bonds will have a principal amount of €100 000 each. The New Bonds will be issued at par and are expected to carry a coupon of 4.50% per annum payable semi-annually in arrear in equal instalments on 25th April and 25th October of each year  commencing on 25th October 2024. Unless previously converted  redeemed or purchased and cancelled  the New Bonds will be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date  which is expected to be on 25th April 2029.The New Bonds will be offered via an accelerated bookbuilding process solely to institutional investors in certain jurisdictions by way of a private placement outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). The initial conversion price is expected to be set at a premium of between 32.50% and 42.50% above the VWAP of a Share on Euronext Amsterdam between opening of trading on the launch date and the pricing of the offering. The initial conversion price of the New Bonds will be subject to customary adjustment provisions as will be set out in the terms and conditions.The Company undertakes to convene a general meeting of the shareholders of the Company to be held by 25th October 2024 (the “Long-Stop Date”) at the latest to enable the grant  on a non pre-emptive basis  of such number of rights to subscribe for Shares as may be required to satisfy the exercise of conversion rights in full at the initial conversion price (the “Shareholder Resolution”). If the Shareholder Resolution is passed  the Company will give a notice (the “Physical Settlement Notice”) to Bondholders specifying a date (the “Physical Settlement Date”) on which the Cash Alternative Election (as defined below) ceases to apply. Any adjustment to the conversion price resulting in an increase in the number of conversion shares may require the Company to obtain further authorisation from its shareholders to issue Shares  grant rights to subscribe for Shares and exclude pre-emptive rights.The Company may either (i) at any time after a general meeting has been held (at which the Shareholder Resolution has been presented but the Shareholder Resolution has not been passed)  or (ii) if the Shareholder Resolution has not been passed on or before the Long-Stop Date  by giving a notice (a “Shareholder Event Notice”) to be published no later than the 10th dealing day (inclusive) after the Long-Stop Date  elect to redeem all but not some only of the New Bonds at the greater of (i) 102% of the principal amount of the New Bonds plus accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) 102% of the Fair Bond Value (as defined in the terms and conditions of the New Bonds) plus accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption.Upon exercise of their conversion rights  and subject  until such time as the Company has given a Physical Settlement Notice  to the Cash Alternative Election (as defined below)  Bondholders will receive Shares  as determined by the then prevailing conversion price. Prior to the Physical Settlement Date  Pharming will have the option to settle any conversion rights in cash (the ""Cash Alternative Election"") and/or Shares.The Company will have the option to redeem all  but not some only  of the outstanding New Bonds in cash at par plus accrued but unpaid interest at any time  a) if  on or after 16th May 2027  the parity value on each of at least 20 dealing days in a period of 30 consecutive dealing days shall have exceeded 130% of the principal amount or b) if  at any time  85% or more of the aggregate principal amount of the New Bonds originally issued shall have been previously converted and/or repurchased and cancelled.The final terms of the New Bonds are expected to be announced later today. Settlement of the offering of the New Bonds is expected to take place on or around 25th April 2024.Application will be made for the New Bonds to be admitted to trading on the Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by no later than 30 days following the Issue Date.In the context of the offering  the Company and its subsidiaries have agreed to a lock-up period of 90 days following the Issue Date  subject to certain customary exceptions.The Company will use the proceeds from the offering for the concurrent repurchase of the 2025 Bonds to strengthen its financial position while enhancing flexibility for the continued execution of its business strategy over the next several years.HSBC and Jefferies are acting as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners for the offering. Van Lanschot Kempen is acting as advisor to the Company.Invitation to sell 2025 BondsConcurrently with the New Bonds offering  the Company invites Eligible Bondholders (as defined below) of the 2025 Bonds  whose outstanding principal amount is €125 million as of today  to tender for purchase for cash any and all of their outstanding 2025 Bonds (the “Invitation”).The repurchase price per 2025 Bond is 100% of the principal amount per 2025 Bond (equal to €100 000 per principal amount of €100 000 per 2025 Bond). The Company will also pay accrued but unpaid interest on the purchased 2025 Bonds from  and including  21st January 2024 (being the last interest payment date for the 2025 Bonds prior to the Invitation) to  but excluding  the Invitation Settlement Date (as defined below).The Company shall be under no obligation to accept any 2025 Bonds offered by Eligible Bondholders. Eligible Bondholders of the 2025 Bonds who offer to sell their 2025 Bonds under the Invitation may  at Pharming’s discretion  have the benefit of a priority allocation on the 2025 Bonds.The Invitation is expected to close at 5.30pm CET on 19th April 2024 (the “Expiration Deadline”)  unless amended  extended  re-opened or terminated. The results of the Invitation will be announced by the Company as soon as possible after the Expiration Deadline in a subsequent press release.Settlement of the Invitation is expected to take place on 26th April 2024 (the ""Invitation Settlement Date""). Any 2025 Bonds repurchased by the Company in connection with the Invitation will be cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 2025 Bonds.Amongst other things  any holder of the 2025 Bonds participating in the Invitation shall be required to represent that it is not located or resident in the United States and is not otherwise a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) and is not participating in the Invitation from the United States or it is acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in such Invitation from the United States in accordance with the “Important Notice in Relation to the Repurchase” below (such holders being “Eligible Bondholders”).HSBC and Jefferies are acting as Joint Dealer Managers for the Invitation. Van Lanschot Kempen is acting as advisor to the Company.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualified  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlNO ACTION HAS BEEN TAKEN BY THE COMPANY  THE JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS AND JOINT BOOKRUNNERS (TOGETHER  THE “MANAGERS”) OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES THAT WOULD PERMIT AN OFFERING OF THE NEW BONDS OR POSSESSION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE OR ANY OFFERING OR PUBLICITY MATERIAL RELATING TO THE NEW BONDS OR THE ORDINARY SHARES TO BE ISSUED OR DELIVERED UPON CONVERSION OF THE NEW BONDS AND NOTIONALLY UNDERLYING THE BONDS (TOGETHER WITH THE NEW BONDS  THE “SECURITIES”) IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE ACTION FOR THAT PURPOSE IS REQUIRED. PERSONS INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS PRESS RELEASE COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE COMPANY AND THE MANAGERS TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT  AND TO OBSERVE  ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES. THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES  NOR SHALL THERE BE ANY OFFER OF SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SALE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.THIS PRESS RELEASE AND THE OFFERING WHEN MADE ARE ONLY ADDRESSED TO  AND DIRECTED IN  THE UNITED KINGDOM AND MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE “EEA”) AT PERSONS WHO ARE “QUALIFIED INVESTORS” WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION (“QUALIFIED INVESTORS”). FOR THESE PURPOSES  THE EXPRESSION ""PROSPECTUS REGULATION"" MEANS REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AND REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE “EUWA”).SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS CONTAINED WITHIN: (A) EU DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU ON MARKETS IN FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  AS AMENDED (“MIFID II”); (B) ARTICLES 9 AND 10 OF COMMISSION DELEGATED DIRECTIVE (EU) 2017/593 SUPPLEMENTING MIFID II; (C) LOCAL IMPLEMENTING MEASURES IN THE EEA; (D) REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (“UK MIFIR”); AND (E) THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (TOGETHER  THE “PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS”)  AND DISCLAIMING ALL AND ANY LIABILITY  WHETHER ARISING IN TORT  CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE  WHICH ANY “MANUFACTURER” (FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS) MAY OTHERWISE HAVE WITH RESPECT THERETO  THE NEW BONDS HAVE BEEN SUBJECT TO A PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS  WHICH HAS DETERMINED THAT: (I) THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NEW BONDS IS (A) IN THE EEA  ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY  EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (AS DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK) AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS (AS DEFINED IN UK MIFIR); AND (II) ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NEW BONDS TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING  SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NEW BONDS (A ""DISTRIBUTOR"") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER  A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II OR THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NEW BONDS (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IS WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF ANY CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL SELLING RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO ANY OFFERING OF THE BONDS.FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE: (A) AN ASSESSMENT OF SUITABILITY OR APPROPRIATENESS FOR THE PURPOSES OF MIFID II OR UK MIFIR; OR (B) A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY INVESTOR OR GROUP OF INVESTORS TO INVEST IN  OR PURCHASE  OR TAKE ANY OTHER ACTION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE NEW BONDS.THE NEW BONDS ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED  SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM. FOR THESE PURPOSES  A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS (A) IN THE EEA  A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF (I) A RETAIL CLIENT  AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 OF THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE “FSMA”) AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT  AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA.CONSEQUENTLY  NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014  AS AMENDED (THE ""PRIIPS REGULATION"") OR THE PRIIPS REGULATION AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (THE “UK PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NEW BONDS OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NEW BONDS OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION AND/OR THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION.IN ADDITION  IN THE UNITED KINGDOM THIS PRESS RELEASE IS BEING DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO  AND IS DIRECTED ONLY AT  QUALIFIED INVESTORS (I) WHO HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005  AS AMENDED (THE “ORDER”) AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER  AND (II) TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED (ALL SUCH PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS “RELEVANT PERSONS”). THIS PRESS RELEASE MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON (I) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS  AND (II) IN ANY MEMBER STATE OF THE EEA  BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT QUALIFIED INVESTORS. ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS PRESS RELEASE RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO (A) RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND (B) QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA.ANY DECISION TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE NEW BONDS SHOULD ONLY BE MADE ON THE BASIS OF AN INDEPENDENT REVIEW BY A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR OF THE COMPANY’S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. NEITHER OF THE MANAGERS NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF  OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF  THIS PRESS RELEASE OR THE COMPANY’S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN ITS ENTIRETY WITHOUT NOTICE UP TO THE ISSUE DATE.EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD PROCEED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT IT MUST BEAR THE ECONOMIC RISK OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. NONE OF THE COMPANY OR THE MANAGERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO (I) THE SUITABILITY OF THE SECURITIES FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR  (II) THE APPROPRIATE ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AND POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF INVESTING IN THE SECURITIES OR (III) THE FUTURE PERFORMANCE OF THE SECURITIES EITHER IN ABSOLUTE TERMS OR RELATIVE TO COMPETING INVESTMENTS.THE MANAGERS ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY AND NO ONE ELSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE NEW BONDS AND WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR PROVIDING THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED TO CLIENTS OF THE MANAGERS OR FOR PROVIDING ADVICE IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES.EACH OF THE COMPANY  THE MANAGERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OBLIGATION OR UNDERTAKING TO UPDATE  REVIEW OR REVISE ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION  FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS OR OTHERWISE.THE SECURITIES MENTIONED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED IN THE UNITED STATES UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE “U.S. SECURITIES ACT”)  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES  ABSENT REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC OFFER OF THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.IMPORTANT NOTICE IN RELATION TO THE REPURCHASETHIS PRESS RELEASE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN INVITATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH  OR TO OR FROM ANY PERSON TO OR FROM WHOM  IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH REPURCHASE UNDER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. PERSONS INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS PRESS RELEASE COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE COMPANY AND THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT  AND TO OBSERVE  ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.UNITED STATESTHE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE AND WILL NOT BE MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE MAIL OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR OF ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  THE UNITED STATES. THIS INCLUDES  BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  ELECTRONIC MAIL  TELEX  TELEPHONE  THE INTERNET AND OTHER FORMS OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION.THE 2025 BONDS MAY NOT BE TENDERED IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS  INSTRUMENTALITY OR FACILITY FROM OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. ACCORDINGLY  COPIES OF THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE ARE NOT BEING  AND MUST NOT BE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  MAILED OR OTHERWISE TRANSMITTED  DISTRIBUTED OR FORWARDED (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  BY CUSTODIANS  NOMINEES OR TRUSTEES) IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES. ANY PURPORTED TENDER OF 2025 BONDS IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID AND ANY PURPORTED TENDER OF 2025 BONDS IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE MADE BY A PERSON LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR BY ANY AGENT  FIDUCIARY OR OTHER INTERMEDIARY ACTING ON A NON-DISCRETIONARY BASIS FOR A PERSON OR A PRINCIPAL GIVING INSTRUCTIONS FROM WITHIN THE UNITED STATES WILL BE INVALID AND WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.EACH HOLDER OF 2025 BONDS PARTICIPATING IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE WILL REPRESENT THAT IT IS NOT LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES AND IT IS NOT PARTICIPATING IN SUCH REPURCHASE FROM THE UNITED STATES  OR IT IS ACTING ON A NON-DISCRETIONARY BASIS FOR A PRINCIPAL THAT IS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND THAT IS NOT GIVING AN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN SUCH REPURCHASE FROM THE UNITED STATES. FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS AND THE ABOVE TWO PARAGRAPHS  “UNITED STATES” MEANS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS)  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.UNITED KINGDOMTHE COMMUNICATION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE  AND SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED  BY AN AUTHORISED PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 AS AMENDED. ACCORDINGLY  SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO  AND MUST NOT BE PASSED ON TO  THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. THE COMMUNICATION OF SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FALLING WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS (AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS) ORDER 2005 (THE “FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER”) OR PERSONS WHO ARE WITHIN ARTICLE 43(2) OF THE FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER OR ANY OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE MADE UNDER THE FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER.ITALYNONE OF THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE  THIS PRESS RELEASE OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE SUBMITTED TO THE CLEARANCE PROCEDURE OF THE COMMISSIONE NAZIONALE PER LE SOCIETÀ E LA BORSA (“CONSOB”) PURSUANT TO ITALIAN LAWS AND REGULATIONS.THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS BEING CARRIED OUT IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY AS EXEMPTED OFFERS PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 101-BIS  PARAGRAPH 3-BIS OF THE LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58 OF 24 FEBRUARY 1998  AS AMENDED (THE “ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT”) AND ARTICLE 35-BIS  PARAGRAPH 3  OF CONSOB REGULATION NO. 11971 OF 14 MAY 1999  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “ISSUERS’ REGULATION”). ACCORDINGLY  NO TENDERS BY THE HOLDERS OF THE 2025 BONDS MAY BE COLLECTED  NOR ANY OTHER MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE MAY BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY EXCEPT TO QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVESTITORI QUALIFICATI)  AS DEFINED PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 100 OF THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT AND ARTICLE 34- TER  FIRST PARAGRAPH  LETTER B) OF THE ISSUERS' REGULATION. HOLDERS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE 2025 BONDS THAT ARE RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN ITALY CAN TENDER SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 2025 BONDS PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE THROUGH AUTHORISED PERSONS (SUCH AS INVESTMENT FIRMS  BANKS OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES PERMITTED TO CONDUCT SUCH ACTIVITIES IN ITALY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT  CONSOB REGULATION NO. 20307 OF 15 FEBRUARY 2018  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME  AND LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 385 OF 1 SEPTEMBER 1993  AS AMENDED) AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR WITH REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY CONSOB  THE BANK OF ITALY OR ANY OTHER ITALIAN AUTHORITY. HOLDERS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE 2025 BONDS THAT ARE RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN ITALY CAN TENDER SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 2025 BONDS PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE THROUGH AUTHORISED PERSONS (SUCH AS INVESTMENT FIRMS  BANKS OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES PERMITTED TO CONDUCT SUCH ACTIVITIES IN ITALY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT  CONSOB REGULATION NO. 20307 OF 15 FEBRUARY 2018  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME  AND LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 385 OF 1 SEPTEMBER 1993  AS AMENDED) AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR WITH REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY CONSOB  THE BANK OF ITALY OR ANY OTHER ITALIAN AUTHORITY.EACH INTERMEDIARY MUST COMPLY WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS CONCERNING INFORMATION DUTIES VIS-À-VIS ITS CLIENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE 2025 BONDS OR THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE.FRANCETHE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  TO THE PUBLIC IN THE REPUBLIC OF FRANCE (“FRANCE”). NEITHER THIS PRESS RELEASE NOR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE BEEN OR SHALL BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE PUBLIC IN FRANCE AND ONLY (I) PROVIDERS OF INVESTMENT SERVICES RELATING TO PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF THIRD PARTIES (PERSONNES FOURNISSANT LE SERVICE D’INVESTISSEMENT DE GESTION DE PORTEFEUILLE POUR COMPTE DE TIERS) AND/OR (II) QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVESTISSEURS QUALIFIÉS) OTHER THAN INDIVIDUALS  IN EACH CASE ACTING ON THEIR OWN ACCOUNT AND ALL AS DEFINED IN  AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH  ARTICLES L.411-1  L.411-2 AND D.411-1 OF THE FRENCH CODE MONÉTAIRE ET FINANCIER  ARE ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE. THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE SUBMITTED FOR CLEARANCE TO NOR APPROVED BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS.GENERALNEITHER THIS ANNOUNCEMENT NOR THE ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION THEREOF CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO BUY OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL 2025 BONDS (AND TENDERS OF 2025 BONDS FOR PURCHASE PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED FROM HOLDERS OF 2025 BONDS) IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS UNLAWFUL. IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE SECURITIES  BLUE SKY OR OTHER LAWS REQUIRE THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE TO BE MADE BY A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER AND THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES ARE SUCH A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION  THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE BY THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS OR SUCH AFFILIATE  AS THE CASE MAY BE  ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY IN SUCH JURISDICTION.THE COMPANY  THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS AND OTHERS WILL RELY UPON THE TRUTH AND ACCURACY OF THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS  ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND AGREEMENTS.",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,negative,0.02,0.35,0.62,True,English,"['outstanding 125 million convertible bonds', '100 million convertible bonds', 'Pharming Group', 'concurrent repurchase', 'launch', 'offering', 'outstanding €125 million 3.00% senior unsecured convertible bonds', '€100 million senior unsecured convertible bonds', 'outstanding €125 million 3.00% convertible bonds', 'volume weighted average price', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'new convertible bond offering', 'Fair Bond Value', 'next several years', '10th dealing day', 'initial conversion price', 'prevailing conversion price', 'Cash Alternative Election', 'The New Bonds', 'Physical Settlement Notice', 'existing ordinary shares', 'Shareholder Event Notice', 'Physical Settlement Date', 'New Bonds Offering', 'Regulation S', 'cash Leiden', 'Shareholder Resolution', 'conversion rights', 'UNITED STATES', 'INTO AUSTRALIA', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'net proceeds', 'concurrent repurchase', 'financial position', 'continued execution', 'business strategy', 'principal amount', 'equal instalments', '25th October', 'bookbuilding process', 'institutional investors', 'private placement', 'general meeting', 'pre-emptive basis', 'unpaid interest', 'conversion shares', 'maturity date', 'launch date', 'Long-Stop Date', 'The Company', '25 th April', '25th April', 'pre-emptive rights', 'current holders', 'customary adjustment', 'Issue Date', '2025 Bonds', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'Netherlands', '18th', 'capital', 'offers', 'coupon', 'premium', 'VWAP', 'opening', 'trading', 'pricing', '21 January', 'ISIN', 'flexibility', 'par', 'arrear', 'accelerated', 'jurisdictions', 'way', 'provisions', 'terms', 'conditions', 'shareholders', 'grant', 'number', 'exercise', 'Bondholders', 'increase', 'authorisation', 'time', 'accrued', 'redemption', '32.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39536,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-announces-the-placement-of-100-million-convertible-bonds-due-2029-46469052/,Pharming Group announces the placement of 100 million convertible bonds due 2029,(marketscreener.com) NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. Leiden  the Netherlands  18th April  2024: …,"NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.Leiden  the Netherlands  18th April  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) announces today the placement of €100 million of senior unsecured convertible bonds due 2029 (the “New Bonds”) convertible into new and/or existing ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (the ""Shares""). The offer was fully subscribed. The New Bonds were offered via an accelerated book building process through a private placement only to institutional investors outside the United States of America  Australia  Canada  Japan and South Africa.The New Bonds will have a principal amount of €100 000 each. The New Bonds will be issued at par and will carry a coupon of 4.50% per annum payable semi-annually in arrear in equal instalments on 25th April and 25th October of each year  commencing on 25th October 2024. Unless previously converted  redeemed or purchased and cancelled  the New Bonds will be redeemed at par on 25th April 2029.The initial conversion price has been set at €1.2271  representing a premium of 37.5% above the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of a Share on Euronext Amsterdam between opening of trading on the launch date and the pricing of the offering (i.e. €0.8924). The initial conversion price of the New Bonds will be subject to customary adjustment provisions as set out in the terms and conditions.Pharming will use the net proceeds of the New Bonds for the repurchase of the outstanding €125 million 3.00% senior unsecured convertible bonds due 2025 issued on 21 January 2020 (the “2025 Bonds”; ISIN: XS2105716554)  which has been launched concurrently to the offering of the New Bonds (the “Invitation”) to strengthen its financial position while enhancing flexibility for the continued execution of its business strategy over the next several years.The Invitation is expected to close at 5.30pm CET on 19th April 2024  unless amended  extended  re-opened or terminated  and the results will be announced via a separate press release shortly thereafter.Sijmen de Vries  Chief Executive Officer of Pharming  said:“This successful convertible bond issuance demonstrates strong support from investors and is a positive step for Pharming. Taking into consideration the upcoming maturity of our convertible bonds in January 2025  this issuance and repurchase strengthens our financial position while enhancing flexibility for the continued execution of our business strategy over the next several years.”Further Details on the New BondsThe Company will have the option to redeem all  but not some only  of the outstanding New Bonds in cash at par plus accrued but unpaid interest at any time  a) if  on or after 16th May 2027  the parity value on each of at least 20 dealing days in a period of 30 consecutive dealing days shall have exceeded 130% of the principal amount or b) if  at any time  85% or more of the aggregate principal amount of the New Bonds originally issued shall have been previously converted and/or repurchased and cancelled.Settlement of the New Bonds is expected to take place on or around 25th April 2024 (the “Issue Date”).Application will be made for the New Bonds to be admitted to trading on the Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by no later than 30 days following the Issue Date.In the context of the offering  the Company and its subsidiaries have agreed to a lock-up period of 90 days following the Issue Date  subject to certain customary exceptions.HSBC and Jefferies acted as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners for the offering. Van Lanschot Kempen acted as advisor to the Company.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualified  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlNO ACTION HAS BEEN TAKEN BY THE COMPANY  THE JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS AND JOINT BOOKRUNNERS (TOGETHER  THE “MANAGERS”) OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES THAT WOULD PERMIT AN OFFERING OF THE NEW BONDS OR POSSESSION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE OR ANY OFFERING OR PUBLICITY MATERIAL RELATING TO THE NEW BONDS OR THE ORDINARY SHARES TO BE ISSUED OR DELIVERED UPON CONVERSION OF THE NEW BONDS AND NOTIONALLY UNDERLYING THE BONDS (TOGETHER WITH THE NEW BONDS  THE “SECURITIES”) IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE ACTION FOR THAT PURPOSE IS REQUIRED. PERSONS INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS PRESS RELEASE COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE COMPANY AND THE MANAGERS TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT  AND TO OBSERVE  ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES. THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES  NOR SHALL THERE BE ANY OFFER OF SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SALE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.THIS PRESS RELEASE AND THE OFFERING WHEN MADE ARE ONLY ADDRESSED TO  AND DIRECTED IN  THE UNITED KINGDOM AND MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE “EEA”) AT PERSONS WHO ARE “QUALIFIED INVESTORS” WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION (“QUALIFIED INVESTORS”). FOR THESE PURPOSES  THE EXPRESSION ""PROSPECTUS REGULATION"" MEANS REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AND REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE “EUWA”).SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS CONTAINED WITHIN: (A) EU DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU ON MARKETS IN FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  AS AMENDED (“MIFID II”); (B) ARTICLES 9 AND 10 OF COMMISSION DELEGATED DIRECTIVE (EU) 2017/593 SUPPLEMENTING MIFID II; (C) LOCAL IMPLEMENTING MEASURES IN THE EEA; (D) REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (“UK MIFIR”); AND (E) THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (TOGETHER  THE “PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS”)  AND DISCLAIMING ALL AND ANY LIABILITY  WHETHER ARISING IN TORT  CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE  WHICH ANY “MANUFACTURER” (FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS) MAY OTHERWISE HAVE WITH RESPECT THERETO  THE NEW BONDS HAVE BEEN SUBJECT TO A PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS  WHICH HAS DETERMINED THAT: (I) THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NEW BONDS IS (A) IN THE EEA  ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY  EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (AS DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK) AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS (AS DEFINED IN UK MIFIR); AND (II) ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NEW BONDS TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING  SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NEW BONDS (A ""DISTRIBUTOR"") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER  A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II OR THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NEW BONDS (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IS WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF ANY CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL SELLING RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO ANY OFFERING OF THE BONDS.FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE: (A) AN ASSESSMENT OF SUITABILITY OR APPROPRIATENESS FOR THE PURPOSES OF MIFID II OR UK MIFIR; OR (B) A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY INVESTOR OR GROUP OF INVESTORS TO INVEST IN  OR PURCHASE  OR TAKE ANY OTHER ACTION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE NEW BONDS.THE NEW BONDS ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED  SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM. FOR THESE PURPOSES  A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS (A) IN THE EEA  A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF (I) A RETAIL CLIENT  AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 OF THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE “FSMA”) AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT  AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA.CONSEQUENTLY  NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014  AS AMENDED (THE ""PRIIPS REGULATION"") OR THE PRIIPS REGULATION AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (THE “UK PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NEW BONDS OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NEW BONDS OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION AND/OR THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION.IN ADDITION  IN THE UNITED KINGDOM THIS PRESS RELEASE IS BEING DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO  AND IS DIRECTED ONLY AT  QUALIFIED INVESTORS (I) WHO HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005  AS AMENDED (THE “ORDER”) AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER  AND (II) TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED (ALL SUCH PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS “RELEVANT PERSONS”). THIS PRESS RELEASE MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON (I) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS  AND (II) IN ANY MEMBER STATE OF THE EEA  BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT QUALIFIED INVESTORS. ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS PRESS RELEASE RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO (A) RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND (B) QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA.ANY DECISION TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE NEW BONDS SHOULD ONLY BE MADE ON THE BASIS OF AN INDEPENDENT REVIEW BY A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR OF THE COMPANY’S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. NEITHER OF THE MANAGERS NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF  OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF  THIS PRESS RELEASE OR THE COMPANY’S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN ITS ENTIRETY WITHOUT NOTICE UP TO THE ISSUE DATE.EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD PROCEED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT IT MUST BEAR THE ECONOMIC RISK OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. NONE OF THE COMPANY OR THE MANAGERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO (I) THE SUITABILITY OF THE SECURITIES FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR  (II) THE APPROPRIATE ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AND POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF INVESTING IN THE SECURITIES OR (III) THE FUTURE PERFORMANCE OF THE SECURITIES EITHER IN ABSOLUTE TERMS OR RELATIVE TO COMPETING INVESTMENTS.THE MANAGERS ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY AND NO ONE ELSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE NEW BONDS AND WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR PROVIDING THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED TO CLIENTS OF THE MANAGERS OR FOR PROVIDING ADVICE IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES.EACH OF THE COMPANY  THE MANAGERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OBLIGATION OR UNDERTAKING TO UPDATE  REVIEW OR REVISE ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION  FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS OR OTHERWISE.THE SECURITIES MENTIONED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED IN THE UNITED STATES UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE “U.S. SECURITIES ACT”)  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES  ABSENT REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC OFFER OF THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.IMPORTANT NOTICE IN RELATION TO THE INVITATIONTHIS PRESS RELEASE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN INVITATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE INVITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH  OR TO OR FROM ANY PERSON TO OR FROM WHOM  IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH INVITATION UNDER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. PERSONS INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS PRESS RELEASE COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE COMPANY AND THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT  AND TO OBSERVE  ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.UNITED STATESTHE INVITATION IS NOT BEING MADE AND WILL NOT BE MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE MAIL OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR OF ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  THE UNITED STATES. THIS INCLUDES  BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  ELECTRONIC MAIL  TELEX  TELEPHONE  THE INTERNET AND OTHER FORMS OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION.THE 2025 BONDS MAY NOT BE TENDERED IN THE INVITATION BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS  INSTRUMENTALITY OR FACILITY FROM OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. ACCORDINGLY  COPIES OF THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE INVITATION ARE NOT BEING  AND MUST NOT BE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  MAILED OR OTHERWISE TRANSMITTED  DISTRIBUTED OR FORWARDED (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  BY CUSTODIANS  NOMINEES OR TRUSTEES) IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES. ANY PURPORTED TENDER OF 2025 BONDS IN THE INVITATION RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID AND ANY PURPORTED TENDER OF 2025 BONDS IN THE INVITATION MADE BY A PERSON LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR BY ANY AGENT  FIDUCIARY OR OTHER INTERMEDIARY ACTING ON A NON-DISCRETIONARY BASIS FOR A PERSON OR A PRINCIPAL GIVING INSTRUCTIONS FROM WITHIN THE UNITED STATES WILL BE INVALID AND WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.EACH HOLDER OF 2025 BONDS PARTICIPATING IN THE INVITATION WILL REPRESENT THAT IT IS NOT LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES AND IT IS NOT PARTICIPATING IN SUCH INVIATION FROM THE UNITED STATES  OR IT IS ACTING ON A NON-DISCRETIONARY BASIS FOR A PRINCIPAL THAT IS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND THAT IS NOT GIVING AN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN SUCH INVITATION FROM THE UNITED STATES. FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS AND THE ABOVE TWO PARAGRAPHS  “UNITED STATES” MEANS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS)  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.UNITED KINGDOMTHE COMMUNICATION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE INVITATION IS NOT BEING MADE  AND SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED  BY AN AUTHORISED PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 AS AMENDED. ACCORDINGLY  SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO  AND MUST NOT BE PASSED ON TO  THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. THE COMMUNICATION OF SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FALLING WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS (AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS) ORDER 2005 (THE “FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER”) OR PERSONS WHO ARE WITHIN ARTICLE 43(2) OF THE FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER OR ANY OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE MADE UNDER THE FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER.ITALYNONE OF THE INVITATION  THIS PRESS RELEASE OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE INVITATION HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE SUBMITTED TO THE CLEARANCE PROCEDURE OF THE COMMISSIONE NAZIONALE PER LE SOCIETÀ E LA BORSA (“CONSOB”) PURSUANT TO ITALIAN LAWS AND REGULATIONS.THE INVITATION IS BEING CARRIED OUT IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY AS EXEMPTED OFFERS PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 101-BIS  PARAGRAPH 3-BIS OF THE LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58 OF 24 FEBRUARY 1998  AS AMENDED (THE “ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT”) AND ARTICLE 35-BIS  PARAGRAPH 3  OF CONSOB REGULATION NO. 11971 OF 14 MAY 1999  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “ISSUERS’ REGULATION”). ACCORDINGLY  NO TENDERS BY THE HOLDERS OF THE 2025 BONDS MAY BE COLLECTED  NOR ANY OTHER MATERIALS RELATING TO THE INVITATION MAY BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY EXCEPT TO QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVESTITORI QUALIFICATI)  AS DEFINED PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 100 OF THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT AND ARTICLE 34- TER  FIRST PARAGRAPH  LETTER B) OF THE ISSUERS' REGULATION. HOLDERS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE 2025 BONDS THAT ARE RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN ITALY CAN TENDER SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 2025 BONDS PURSUANT TO THE INVITATION THROUGH AUTHORISED PERSONS (SUCH AS INVESTMENT FIRMS  BANKS OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES PERMITTED TO CONDUCT SUCH ACTIVITIES IN ITALY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT  CONSOB REGULATION NO. 20307 OF 15 FEBRUARY 2018  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME  AND LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 385 OF 1 SEPTEMBER 1993  AS AMENDED) AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR WITH REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY CONSOB  THE BANK OF ITALY OR ANY OTHER ITALIAN AUTHORITY. HOLDERS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE 2025 BONDS THAT ARE RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN ITALY CAN TENDER SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 2025 BONDS PURSUANT TO THE INVITATION THROUGH AUTHORISED PERSONS (SUCH AS INVESTMENT FIRMS  BANKS OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES PERMITTED TO CONDUCT SUCH ACTIVITIES IN ITALY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT  CONSOB REGULATION NO. 20307 OF 15 FEBRUARY 2018  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME  AND LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 385 OF 1 SEPTEMBER 1993  AS AMENDED) AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR WITH REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY CONSOB  THE BANK OF ITALY OR ANY OTHER ITALIAN AUTHORITY.EACH INTERMEDIARY MUST COMPLY WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS CONCERNING INFORMATION DUTIES VIS-À-VIS ITS CLIENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE 2025 BONDS OR THE INVITATION.FRANCETHE INVITATION IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  TO THE PUBLIC IN THE REPUBLIC OF FRANCE (“FRANCE”). NEITHER THIS PRESS RELEASE NOR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE INVITATION HAVE BEEN OR SHALL BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE PUBLIC IN FRANCE AND ONLY (I) PROVIDERS OF INVESTMENT SERVICES RELATING TO PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF THIRD PARTIES (PERSONNES FOURNISSANT LE SERVICE D’INVESTISSEMENT DE GESTION DE PORTEFEUILLE POUR COMPTE DE TIERS) AND/OR (II) QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVESTISSEURS QUALIFIÉS) OTHER THAN INDIVIDUALS  IN EACH CASE ACTING ON THEIR OWN ACCOUNT AND ALL AS DEFINED IN  AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH  ARTICLES L.411-1  L.411-2 AND D.411-1 OF THE FRENCH CODE MONÉTAIRE ET FINANCIER  ARE ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE INVITATION. THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL RELATING TO THE INVITATION HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE SUBMITTED FOR CLEARANCE TO NOR APPROVED BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS.GENERALNEITHER THIS ANNOUNCEMENT NOR THE ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION THEREOF CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO BUY OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL 2025 BONDS (AND TENDERS OF 2025 BONDS FOR PURCHASE PURSUANT TO THE INVITATION WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED FROM HOLDERS OF 2025 BONDS) IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS UNLAWFUL. IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE SECURITIES  BLUE SKY OR OTHER LAWS REQUIRE THE INVITATION TO BE MADE BY A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER AND THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES ARE SUCH A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION  THE INVITATION SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE BY THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS OR SUCH AFFILIATE  AS THE CASE MAY BE  ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY IN SUCH JURISDICTION.THE COMPANY  THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS AND OTHERS WILL RELY UPON THE TRUTH AND ACCURACY OF THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS  ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND AGREEMENTS.",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.28,0.41,True,English,"['100 million convertible bonds', 'Pharming Group', 'placement', '3.00% senior unsecured convertible bonds due', 'volume weighted average price', 'successful convertible bond issuance', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'initial conversion price', 'book building process', 'next several years', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Joint Global Coordinators', 'protein replacement therapies', 'existing ordinary shares', 'separate press release', 'aggregate principal amount', 'global biopharmaceutical company', '30 consecutive dealing days', 'The New Bonds', 'outstanding New Bonds', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'gene therapies', '20 dealing days', 'UNITED STATES', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'equal instalments', '25th April', '25th October', 'launch date', 'customary adjustment', 'net proceeds', 'financial position', 'continued execution', 'business strategy', '19th April', 'strong support', 'positive step', 'upcoming maturity', 'Further Details', 'unpaid interest', '16th May', 'parity value', 'Issue Date', 'Open Market', 'customary exceptions', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'Middle East', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'The Invitation', 'private placement', 'institutional investors', 'lock-up period', 'North America', 'actual results', '2025 Bonds', 'outstanding €125', '30 days', '90 days', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', '18th', 'capital', 'offer', 'coupon', 'arrear', 'premium', 'VWAP', 'opening', 'trading', 'pricing', 'provisions', 'terms', 'conditions', 'repurchase', '21 January', 'ISIN', 'flexibility', '5.30pm', 'consideration', 'option', 'cash', 'accrued', 'time', 'Settlement', 'Application', 'Freiverkehr', 'context', 'subsidiaries', 'HSBC', 'Jefferies', 'advisor', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39537,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THERANEXUS-38226962/news/Theranexus-Theranexus-and-BBDF-announce-final-and-positive-safety-and-efficacy-data-in-the-Pha-46470818/,Theranexus :  Theranexus and BBDF announce final and positive safety and efficacy data in the Phase I/II trial testing Batten-1,(marketscreener.com)  Stabilization of motor symptom progression in young adult patients suffering from juvenile Batten disease after 18 months of treatmentLyon  France – Austin  Texas  United States – 18 April 2024 – 6pm CET – Theranexus  a biopharmaceuti…,"Stabilization of motor symptom progression in young adult patients suffering from juvenile Batten disease (CLN3) after 18 months of treatmentLyon  France – Austin  Texas  United States – 18 April 2024 – 6pm CET – Theranexus  a biopharmaceutical company innovating in the treatment of rare neurological diseases and the Beyond Batten Disease Foundation (BBDF)  today announce final positive data on efficacy and safety in the Phase I/II trial of its drug candidate Batten-1 in juvenile Batten disease (CLN3) after 18 months of treatment.The 18-month safety and efficacy data confirm the 12-month results announced in September 2023. Batten-1 presented a good safety profile. On average  in the 6 young adult patients treated with Batten-1  progression of motor symptoms was considerably slowed down and appeared stable as evaluated by the modified UBDRS Physical Assessment score. The mean change from baseline was +1 83 for the six subjects treated over 18 months vs +6 04 in untreated patients from the natural history study conducted by the University of Rochester (n=46).For Professor Gary Clark  the trial's principal investigator and Chief of Child Neurology at Texas Children's Hospital in Houston  “T he data collected after 18 months of treatment with Batten-1 further reinforce its highly promising potential. We currently no longer observe a marked progression of motor symptoms in the 6 patients treated. These results support the prospect of a major benefit of Batten-1 for the children with this very severe disease and for their families”.For Theranexus' CEO  Mathieu Charvériat: “These positive results on efficacy and safety of Batten-1 are highly encouraging for the patients and their families. Together with BBDF and the investigators we are initiating an Expanded Access Program (EAP) to enable the 6 patients previously in the trial to continue receiving the treatment  considering its favorable risk-benefit profile. These results highlight the strong therapeutic potential Batten-1 on the clinical course of the disease. In this context  we are exploring different funding options to provide us the adequate resources to launch a phase III pivotal trial  which design has already received positive opinions by the FDA and the EMA”.As a reminder  the Phase I/II trial conducted by Theranexus and BBDF to evaluate their drug candidate  Batten-1  included six patients with juvenile Batten disease (CLN3) aged 17 years and over. The patients were treated for 18 months. Following their participation in the trial  all patients are offered the possibility to continue receiving the treatment through a compassionate use program.About Batten-1Batten-1 is a novel and exclusive proprietary drug containing the active ingredient miglustat. The mechanism of action of this substance blocks the accumulation of glycosphingolipids and neuroinflammation  thus significantly reducing neuronal death that contributes to a progressive loss of function in patients. For patients over 17 years of age in the Phase I/II trial  the product is administered in solid form. In the Phase III trial  it will be administered in a liquid form better suited to pediatric patients.Phase I/II trial design: this is an open-label trial involving 6 patients over 17 years of age with CLN3 Batten disease  treated with miglustat up to 600 mg/day for an 18-month period. The primary endpoint is patient safety and tolerability  assessed using reports of adverse effects  biological tests and ECG  as well as the pharmacokinetics of miglustat. The secondary endpoints include biomarkers (NfL  glycosphingolipds)  efficacy monitoring: Unified Batten Disease Rating Scale  visual acuity  measurement of brain volumes by MRI and measurement of the thickness of the neuronal layer of the retina by optical coherence tomography scans. Administration of Batten-1 in escalating doses with a maximum of 600 mg/day was well tolerated  with no severe side effects observed causing treatment discontinuation. The most commonly reported adverse events are reversible gastrointestinal effects of often light to moderate severity  thus demonstrating the good tolerability profile of Batten-1 in this population. Further information about the trial is available on https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT05174039 .About Batten diseaseJuvenile Batten disease  also known as Spielmeyer-Vogt or CLN3 disease  is a rare  fatal  inherited disorder of the nervous system for which there is no treatment or cure. Juvenile Batten disease belongs to a group of disorders referred to as neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses (NCLs). Over 400 different errors in 13 genes have been attributed to various forms of NCL  which differ from one another primarily by when symptoms first appear. The first symptom in the juvenile form  progressive vision loss  appears between the ages of 4 and 6 and is followed by cognitive disorders  behavioral disorders  and motor disorders. Seizures commonly appear within 2-4 years of the onset of disease. Over time  patients continue to decline mentally and physically. Eventually  those affected become wheelchair-bound  are bedridden  and die prematurely.Juvenile Batten disease is always fatal; usually by the late teens to early 20s. In the United States and Europe  the juvenile form is the most common of the NCLs  which together  affect nearly 2 000 patients[1]. In pathophysiological terms  interactions between neurons and glial cells play key roles in the emergence and progression of all the NCLs.About Beyond Batten Disease FoundationBeyond Batten Disease Foundation (BBDF) is the world's largest nonprofit organization dedicated to funding research for a treatment and cure for juvenile (CLN3) Batten disease. Since its inception in 2008  over $35 million has been invested in research by leveraging donations  co-funding and strategic partnerships. BBDF is spearheading a unique  cohesive strategy  incorporating independent scientific resources and collaboration with related organizations to drive research in juvenile Batten Disease. Today there is a treatment in sight. BBDF funded research has discovered a drug – Batten-1 – that slows the progression of the disease in Batten models. More information can be found at www.beyondbatten.org .About TheranexusTheranexus is an innovative biopharmaceutical company that emerged from the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA). The company has a unique platform for the identification and characterization of advanced therapy drug candidates targeting rare neurological disorders and an initial drug candidate in clinical development for Batten disease.Theranexus is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (FR0013286259- ALTHX).DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Theranexus and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Theranexus considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the universal registration document of Theranexus filed with the AMF on 27 April 2023 under number D.23-0345 (a copy of which is available on www.theranexus.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Theranexus operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Theranexus or not currently considered material by Theranexus. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of Theranexus to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Theranexus expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.[1] National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD)/OrphanetThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJhwaZabY5qZxp6clchnm2lobJhpkmGdbGmWmGpwZMzHmGmVm5yUl53JZnFmlmpr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85155-theranexus_pr_final_results_18-months_vf.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.31,0.68,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.24,0.41,True,English,"['Phase I/II trial testing', 'positive safety', 'efficacy data', 'Theranexus', 'BBDF', 'final', 'Batten-1', 'Unified Batten Disease Rating Scale', 'UBDRS Physical Assessment score', 'optical coherence tomography scans', 'rare, fatal, inherited disorder', 'Beyond Batten Disease Foundation', 'phase III pivotal trial', 'Phase I/II trial design', 'rare neurological diseases', 'Phase III trial', 'natural history study', 'Professor Gary Clark', 'Mathieu Charvériat', 'Expanded Access Program', 'favorable risk-benefit profile', 'compassionate use program', 'reversible gastrointestinal effects', 'strong therapeutic potential', 'different funding options', 'juvenile Batten disease', 'exclusive proprietary drug', 'neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses', 'severe side effects', 'CLN3 Batten disease', 'good tolerability profile', 'progressive vision loss', 'good safety profile', 'young adult patients', 'final positive data', 'motor symptom progression', 'severe disease', 'CLN3 disease', 'progressive loss', 'juvenile form', 'adverse effects', 'promising potential', '400 different errors', 'first symptom', 'open-label trial', 'drug candidate', 'positive opinions', 'neuronal death', 'neuronal layer', 'United States', '6pm CET', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'mean change', 'six subjects', 'principal investigator', 'Child Neurology', 'marked progression', 'major benefit', 'clinical course', 'adequate resources', 'active ingredient', 'solid form', 'liquid form', '18-month period', 'primary endpoint', 'biological tests', 'secondary endpoints', 'visual acuity', 'brain volumes', 'escalating doses', 'adverse events', 'moderate severity', 'Further information', 'nervous system', 'various forms', 'motor disorders', 'motor symptoms', 'positive results', '18-month safety', 'patient safety', 'cognitive disorders', 'behavioral disorders', 'efficacy data', '12-month results', 'untreated patients', 'six patients', 'pediatric patients', 'efficacy monitoring', ""Theranexus' CEO"", '2-4 years', 'treatment Lyon', 'treatment discontinuation', 'Texas Children', '6 patients', '17 years', 'Stabilization', '18 months', 'France', 'Austin', '18 April', 'BBDF', 'Batten-1', 'September', 'baseline', 'University', 'Rochester', 'Chief', 'Hospital', 'Houston', 'prospect', 'families', 'investigators', 'EAP', 'context', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'reminder', 'participation', 'possibility', 'novel', 'miglustat', 'mechanism', 'action', 'substance', 'accumulation', 'glycosphingolipids', 'neuroinflammation', 'function', 'age', 'product', '600 mg', 'reports', 'ECG', 'pharmacokinetics', 'biomarkers', 'glycosphingolipds', 'measurement', 'MRI', 'thickness', 'retina', 'Administration', 'maximum', 'light', 'population', 'clinicaltrials', 'show', 'Spielmeyer-Vogt', 'cure', 'group', 'NCLs', '13 genes', 'Seizures', 'onset', 'time']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39538,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/veolia-sets-bold-growth-goals-in-the-united-states-boosting-its-ecological-solutions-to-improve-economic-growth-and-public-health-for-americans-93CH-3385341,Veolia Sets Bold Growth Goals in the United States  Boosting Its Ecological Solutions to Improve Economic Growth and Public Health for Americans By Investing.com,Veolia Sets Bold Growth Goals in the United States  Boosting Its Ecological Solutions to Improve Economic Growth and Public Health for Americans,"Veolia targets major expansion in the U.S. environmental market with strong ambitions in line with GreenUP planVeolia has already achieved 2.6 times growth between 2019 and 2023 in the U.S.  to reach 5.4 billion in sales by 2023.Veolia aims to increase its revenue by 50% by 2027 & double in size by 2030Value creation ~+ 200bps in ROCE by 2027Decarbonization: 600K tons CO2e of erased emissions (Scope 4)Regeneration: 120M m3 of water savedDepollution: 2M tons of hazardous waste treatedPARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:On the occasion of its Deep Dive US conference in New York  Veolia (Paris:VIE) today unveiled bold growth ambitions in the booming U.S environmental services market  building on its unique experience and capabilities to expand its business in a country which represents around 25% of the world's market. The strong growth in demand is due to industrial relocation  water shortages and pollution problems  as well as public health issues. It is supported by ambitious regulation and investment policies.The Group is the top-ranked environmental company in the United States for three consecutive years1  and the country's largest private water operator and technology provider as well as hazardous waste and pollution treatment leader. It is uniquely positioned in the American market with a leadership role in improving water quality and mitigating hazardous waste.Between 2019 and 2023  Veolia benefited from dramatic growth (x2.6 revenues) with an increased demand for its services due to the acceleration of climate change and regulatory changes. With $5.4 billion in sales in 2023  representing 11% of the Group's total revenues ($49 billion) and 12 000 employees  Veolia plans to further expand its footprint in the U.S.Veolia is committed to continue supporting the U.S. sustainable growth and contribute to public health protection. The Group is engaging on high-impact objectives: by 2027 Veolia aims to grow its revenue by 50% and double in size by 2030.""Today  the United States is one of the fastest-growing markets for environmental services. Industrial reshoring  water scarcity  public health - all these priorities are driving growth in demand. As a long-standing player and world leader in ecological transformation  Veolia is committed to contribute its know-how and expertise to serve the needs of American customers in solving these problems "" said Estelle Brachlianoff  CEO of Veolia. ""Through its positioning and mix of activities  Veolia is able to bring environmental solutions to improve economic growth and public health in America and we are setting ambitious goals to expand and strengthen our positive impact.DecarbonizationErase 600kt of CO2 from the atmosphere by 2027 through our comprehensive efforts to help clients run more sustainable and efficient operations by producing local renewable energy  and delivering energy efficiency solutions and resource regeneration solutions helping to offset and avoid emissions.RegenerationSave 120M m3 of water by 2027 (equivalent to San Francisco's annual water consumption) thanks to its worldwide expertise in water services and its know-how in the reuse of treated wastewater.In a context of reshoring and industry growth  population growth in water scarce areas  water quality awareness (PFAS  new pollutants  etc.) key environmental services needed: water recycling  water distribution network leakage reduction  water supply to cities and industries  water quality etc. Access to water is therefore essential to sustain growth  with the market estimated at $34 billion a year by 2027.As the first US leader in water operations & maintenance and the third leader in regulated water with 200 water & wastewater facilities operated  Veolia serves more than 1 in 13 people in America (27M people) and it is the only private company able to provide all contract services.Water quality and public healthRemain at the forefront of the fight against PFAS in drinking water and across the value chain dedicating its technical expertise and research and development resources to help tackle this emerging pollution.PFAS mitigation is one of the top public health priorities in the United States  with increasing regulations and an estimated $200 billion decontamination market. Our customers - local authorities and industry - need help to ensure the safety of drinking water  the removal of pollutants from wastewater  and the remediation of sites such as airports  airbases and chemical PFAS production sites. These challenges call for treatment know-how tailored to local needs  including membrane filtration and hazardous waste treatment.Veolia already has extensive experience in the fight against PFAS throughout the world  and in the United States in particular  with 30 PFAS treatment projects in drinking water already underway and 50 more in the pipeline.DepollutionWith the ambition of 2M tons of hazardous waste treated by 2027  Veolia aims to strengthen its position as leader in hazardous waste treatment in the United States. Veolia plays an essential role for many American industries: ability to help customers to be compliant with evolving regulations. It is a key market differentiator in a fast-growing market thanks to $2 billion in public funding for infrastructure  manufacturing reshoring and competitiveness in the U.S. Accessible hazardous waste market expected to grow to $11B in 2027 (5% CAGR) with 8M tons of hazardous waste per year.ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (OTC: ) (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023. www.veolia.com_ _ _ _ _1 https://www.enr.com/toplists/2023-Top-200-Environmental-Firms-PreviewView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240418674731/en/GROUP MEDIAS RELATIONSLaurent Obadia - Evgeniya MazalovaAnna Beaubatie - AurÃ©lien SarrosquyTÃ©l.+ 33 (0) 1 85 57 86 25presse.groupe@veolia.comINVESTORS RELATIONSRonald Wasylec - Ariane de Lamaze+ 33 (0)1 85 57 84 76 / 84 80investor-relations@veolia.comSource: Veolia",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.26,0.44,True,English,"['Bold Growth Goals', 'Economic Growth', 'United States', 'Ecological Solutions', 'Public Health', 'Veolia', 'Americans', 'Investing', 'water distribution network leakage reduction', 'booming U.S environmental services market', 'Deep Dive US conference', 'U.S. environmental market', 'largest private water operator', 'chemical PFAS production sites', 'top public health priorities', 'U.S. sustainable growth', 'three consecutive years', '$200 billion decontamination market', 'key environmental services', 'first US leader', 'energy efficiency solutions', '600K tons CO2e', 'local renewable energy', 'public health issues', 'public health protection', 'annual water consumption', 'water scarce areas', '30 PFAS treatment projects', 'bold growth ambitions', 'hazardous waste treatment', 'water quality awareness', 'resource regeneration solutions', 'pollution treatment leader', 'environmental solutions', 'environmental company', 'private company', 'American market', 'water services', 'treatment know', 'contract services', 'strong ambitions', '2M tons', 'emerging pollution', 'local authorities', 'third leader', 'water shortages', 'water scarcity', 'water recycling', 'water supply', 'water operations', 'drinking water', '2.6 times growth', 'strong growth', 'dramatic growth', 'economic growth', 'population growth', 'major expansion', 'GreenUP plan', 'Value creation', '120M m3', 'Regulatory News', 'New York', 'unique experience', 'industrial relocation', 'ambitious regulation', 'investment policies', 'United States', 'technology provider', 'leadership role', 'x2.6 revenues', 'climate change', 'regulatory changes', 'total revenues', 'high-impact objectives', 'growing markets', 'standing player', 'ecological transformation', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'ambitious goals', 'positive impact', 'comprehensive efforts', 'efficient operations', 'San Francisco', 'value chain', 'development resources', 'PFAS mitigation', 'increasing regulations', 'membrane filtration', 'extensive experience', 'essential role', 'pollution problems', 'local needs', 'The Group', 'worldwide expertise', 'technical expertise', 'industry growth', 'world leader', 'erased emissions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Industrial reshoring', 'American customers', 'new pollutants', '27M people', 'wastewater facilities', '200 water', '13 people', 'Veolia', 'line', 'sales', 'size', 'ROCE', 'Decarbonization', 'Scope', 'Depollution', 'PARIS', 'occasion', 'VIE', 'capabilities', 'country', 'demand', 'acceleration', '12,000 employees', 'footprint', 'long', 'know-how', 'CEO', 'positioning', 'mix', 'activities', '600kt', 'atmosphere', 'clients', 'reuse', 'context', 'cities', 'industries', 'Access', 'maintenance', 'forefront', 'fight', 'research', 'help', 'safety', 'removal', 'remediation', 'airports', 'airbases', 'challenges']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,investing.com
39539,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-S-A-Transparency-notifications-received-from-Francois-Rieger-46462818/,BioSenic S.A. : Transparency notifications received from François Rieger,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATION Article 14 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  April 18  2024  7am CET – BIOSENIC   the clinical-stage company specializing in serious autoimmune an…,PRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONArticle 14 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdingsMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  April 18  2024  7am CET – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical-stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell therapy  today announces that it has received transparency notifications from François Rieger. Details of the notifications can be found below and the full versions of the transparency declarations are available on BioSenic's website  under the heading “Major shareholders & transparency notices”.The transparency notification indicates that the shareholdings held by François Rieger have crossed below the threshold of 10% as a result of the issuance of new shares of BioSenic on 29 March 2024.The notification received from François Rieger dated 5 April 2024 contains the following information:Reason for the notification:Passive crossing of a thresholdNotification by: A person that notifies alonePerson subject to the notification requirement: François RiegerTransferor of voting rights: François RiegerTransaction date: 29 March 2024Threshold that is crossed: 10%Denominator: 192 873 548Notified details:Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction Holders of voting rights # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights François Rieger 18 589 361 18 589 361 9.64% Total voting rights 18 589 361 9.64%About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from its Medsenic’s arsenic trioxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the autoimmune platform include graft-versus-host-disease (GvHD)  systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  and now systemic sclerosis (SSc).Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combined the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger specifically enables Medsenic/Biosenic to develop an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/oral ATO (OATO).BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About the main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platformThe ATO platform provides derived active products with immunomodulatory properties and fundamental effects on the activated cells of the immune system. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. cGvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT).Medsenic has been successful in a phase 2 trial with its intravenous formulation  Arscimed®  which has orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA. The company is heading towards an international phase 3 confirmatory study  with its new  IP-protected  OATO formulation. Another selected target is moderate-to-severe forms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae  and the gastrointestinal tract). Systemic sclerosis is now full part of the clinical pipeline of Medsenic/BioSenic. This serious chronic disease badly affects skin  lungs  or vascularization  and has no current effective treatment. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive  giving good grounds to launch a phase 2 clinical protocol  using new immunomodulatory formulations of APIs recognized to be active on the immune system.The company is currently focusing its present R&D and clinical activities on a selective  accelerated development of its autoimmune platform.Note: The allogeneic cell therapy platform-originating from the previous listed company Bone Therapeutics company  may be of renewed interest by using isolated and purified differentiated bone marrow Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) as a starting material for further isolation of passive or active biological subcellular elements. Indeed  these cells may provide new subcellular vesicles potentially able to deliver a unique and proprietary approach to organ repair. BioSenic is now involved in determining new patentable approaches in this complex area of cell therapy.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  CEOTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsMichelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685michelle@ibcomms.agencyFrench Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ghislaine.gasparetto@seitosei-actifin.comMichael Scholzemichael.scholze@seitosei-actifin.comCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the company or  as appropriate  the company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.14,0.32,True,English,"['BioSenic S.A.', 'François Rieger', 'Transparency notifications', 'purified differentiated bone marrow Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'previous listed company Bone Therapeutics company', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'orphan drug designation status', 'international phase 3 confirmatory study', 'active biological subcellular elements', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platform', 'new, IP-protected, OATO formulation', 'International Media Enquiries', 'new subcellular vesicles', 'François Rieger', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'One direct application', 'same oral formulation', 'several affected organs', 'pertinent animal models', 'present R&D', 'French Investor Enquiries', 'leading biotech company', 'new patentable approaches', 'systemic lupus erythematosus', 'current effective treatment', 'phase 2 clinical protocol', 'Key target indications', 'serious chronic disease', 'selective, accelerated development', 'significant clinical efficacy', 'The ATO platform', 'new immunomodulatory formulations', 'Total voting rights', 'Previous notification', 'activated cells', 'active products', 'phase 2 trial', 'intravenous formulation', 'clinical-stage company', 'new shares', 'ATO) platform', 'autoimmune platform', 'new arsenal', 'serious autoimmune', 'systemic sclerosis', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'significant complications', 'current expectations', 'clinical assets', 'clinical pipeline', 'clinical activities', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'major holdings', '7am CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'inflammatory diseases', 'full versions', 'transparency declarations', 'Major shareholders', 'transparency notices', 'arsenic trioxide', 'strategic positionings', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'ATO/oral ATO', 'fundamental effects', 'immune system', 'long-term survival', 'severe forms', 'good safety', 'gastrointestinal tract', 'full part', 'Preclinical studies', 'good grounds', 'starting material', 'proprietary approach', 'organ repair', 'complex area', 'IB Communications', 'future events', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following information', 'Further information', 'transparency notifications', 'Passive crossing', 'notification requirement', 'Transaction date', 'Notified details', 'Michelle Boxall', 'Seitosei Actifin', 'BioSenic SA', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Michael Scholze', 'Article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Paris', 'website', 'heading', 'shareholdings', 'threshold', 'result', 'issuance', '29 March', 'Reason', 'person', 'Transferor', 'Denominator', 'host-disease', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'use', 'onco-immunology', 'common', 'HSCT', 'Arscimed', 'FDA', 'skin', 'mucosae', 'lungs', 'vascularization', 'APIs', 'Note', 'interest', 'isolated', 'MSCs', 'isolation', 'unique', 'PhD', 'CEO', 'Tel', 'investorrelations', 'ibcomms', 'agency', 'statements', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', '671', '44', '33']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSOS-4663/news/Ipsos-Continued-momentum-in-Q1-46470556/,Ipsos: Continued momentum in Q1,(marketscreener.com) Continued momentum in Q1 Total growth: 4.8% Organic growth: 4.5% Paris  18 April 2024 – Ipsos  one of the world’s leading market research companies  achieves a solid first quarter  with a revenue of €557.5m. Revenue...https://www.marketsc…,Continued momentum in Q1Total growth: 4.8%Organic growth: 4.5%Paris  18 April 2024 – Ipsos  one of the world’s leading market research companies  achieves a solid first quarter  with a revenue of €557.5m.Revenue (€m) 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Q1 557.5 532.0 547.8 466.3 428.7 Q2 555.1 574.0 527.0 357.3 Q3 588.0 601.5 526.3 468.6 Q4 714.7 682.1 627.1 582.9 Total 2 389.8 2 405.3 2 146.7 1 837.4This income level confirms the continuation of the Group’s sustained growth. First-quarter growth stands at 4.8%  including 4.5% organic growth  2.7% scope effect  and -2.4% of adverse currency effects.Ben Page  CEO of Ipsos  states: “The start of the year is encouraging. It demonstrates our ability to deliver sustainable solid growth combined with a high level of operating margin. Our geographical and sectoral diversity  which provides greater resilience  combined with the talent of our 20 000 employees  are major advantages for continuing our development. In a geopolitical environment that remains uncertain  we confirm our organic growth and profitability forecasts for 2024.”PERFORMANCE BY REGIONIn €m Q1 2024Revenue Contribution Totalgrowth Organic growth EMEA 256.6 46% 11.6% 9.7% Americas 203.3 37% -3.9% -3.2% Asia-Pacific 97.6 17% 7.8% 9.2% Revenue 557.5 100% 4.8% 4.5%Activity in the EMEA region records nearly 10% organic growth in the first quarter of 2024. Performances are very good  especially in Germany  Switzerland and most of Continental European markets.Activity in the Americas is down 3.2%. In the United States  the performance is mixed from one service line to another. We observe a moderate recovery with most major Tech clients  while our service lines dedicated to consumers are performing well. However  our Public Affairs business is suffering from the end of a few major and non-recurring contracts and a certain wait-and-see attitude ahead of the upcoming presidential election. Our Healthcare activity is temporarily down but should recover in the coming months. Furthermore  a strengthened managerial organization will be put in place in North America from the beginning of May  in order to support our ambition in this region. Although the market will remain difficult  we expect performance to improve in the second half of the year: our order book is ahead of the quarterly revenue position in the US. Latin America records good growth momentum.The Asia-Pacific region records organic growth of over 9% for the quarter. India and Southeast Asia continue their momentum with double-digit growth rates. China is growing slightly  although the lack of macroeconomic visibility calls for caution.PERFORMANCE BY AUDIENCE€m Q1 2024Revenue Contribution Totalgrowth Organic growth Consumers1 278.7 50% 9.3% 10.2% Clients and employees2 112.6 20% 1.2% 1.3% Citizens3 87.7 16% 2.5% -3.6% Doctors and patients4 78.5 14% -2.1% -0.9% Revenue 557.5 100% 4.8% 4.5%Breakdown of Service Lines by audience segment:1- Brand Health Tracking  Creative Excellence  Innovation  Ipsos UU  Ipsos MMA  Market Strategy & Understanding  Observer (excl. public sector)  Ipsos Synthesio  Strategy32- Automotive & Mobility Development  Audience Measurement  Customer Experience  Channel Performance (Mystery Shopping and Shopper)  Media Development  ERM  Capabilities3- Public Affairs  Corporate Reputation4- Pharma (quantitative and qualitative)Our consumer-related activities record double-digit growth  which reflects a good performance by consumer goods players. This performance is mainly driven by our service lines focused on innovation  market positioning  brand health and qualitative studies.The clients and employees  citizens and doctors and patients audiences are impacted by the unfavorable environment in North America. Excluding the United States  these audiences are showing solid organic growth.Finally  new services (platforms  ESG offers  data analytics and advisory) continue to drive the Group’s growth with an organic performance of 15% this quarter.OUTLOOK FOR 2024In a context marked by numerous macroeconomic as well as geopolitical uncertainties  we confirm our outlook for 2024  namely an organic growth of more than 4% and an operating margin of around 13%. At the end of March  the evolution of our gross margin and operating costs is in line with this guidance.We are continuing to roll out our strategic plan  “The Heart of Science and Data”  by continuing our acquisition policy and intensifying our technology investments  notably in Generative AI. These investments enable us to provide more impactful information to our clients and to do so more quickly  to launch regular new offers as already initiated this quarter  to ensure data quality and security  and to make our operating model more effective.On our Investor Day  scheduled for June 12  we will provide an update on the progress of our plans  including the impacts we are starting to see from our technology and AI investments.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTél. + 33 1 41 98 90 00Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.32,0.27,True,English,"['Ipsos', 'momentum', 'Q1', 'Corporate Reputation 4- Pharma', '1- Brand Health Tracking', 'leading market research companies', 'most major Tech clients', 'Revenue Contribution Total growth', 'adverse currency effects', 'upcoming presidential election', 'consumer goods players', 'largest market research', 'Public Affairs business', '3- Public Affairs', 'sustainable solid growth', 'quarterly revenue position', 'Continental European markets', 'regular new offers', 'double-digit growth rates', 'Organic growth Consumers1', 'solid organic growth', 'solid first quarter', 'one service line', 'good growth momentum', 'The Asia-Pacific region', 'polling companies', 'public sector', '4.5% organic growth', '10% organic growth', 'new services', 'ESG offers', 'The Heart', 'sustained growth', 'First-quarter growth', 'Market Strategy', 'market positioning', 'major advantages', 'service lines', 'income level', '2.7% scope effect', 'Ben Page', 'high level', 'operating margin', 'sectoral diversity', 'greater resilience', 'geopolitical environment', 'profitability forecasts', 'United States', 'moderate recovery', 'non-recurring contracts', 'coming months', 'managerial organization', 'North America', 'second half', 'Latin America', 'Southeast Asia', 'macroeconomic visibility', 'Creative Excellence', 'Customer Experience', 'Mystery Shopping', 'consumer-related activities', 'unfavorable environment', 'numerous macroeconomic', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'gross margin', 'operating costs', 'strategic plan', 'acquisition policy', 'Generative AI', 'impactful information', 'operating model', 'Investor Day', 'good performance', 'audience segment', 'Mobility Development', 'Audience Measurement', 'Media Development', 'data analytics', 'data quality', 'AI investments', 'organic performance', 'qualitative studies', 'patients audiences', 'Ipsos UU', 'Ipsos MMA', 'Ipsos Synthesio', 'Channel Performance', 'Healthcare activity', 'EMEA region', 'technology investments', '90 markets', 'Q1', 'Paris', 'April', 'world', 'Q2', 'continuation', 'Group', 'CEO', 'start', 'year', 'geographical', 'talent', '20,000 employees', 'Americas', 'Performances', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'end', 'wait', 'attitude', 'place', 'beginning', 'May', 'order', 'ambition', 'book', 'India', 'China', 'lack', 'caution', 'employees2', 'Citizens3', 'Doctors', 'patients4', 'Breakdown', 'Innovation', 'Understanding', 'Observer', 'Strategy3', 'Automotive', 'Shopper', 'Capabilities', 'platforms', 'advisory', 'OUTLOOK', 'context', 'March', 'evolution', 'guidance', 'Science', 'security', 'June', 'update', 'progress', 'plans', 'impacts', '2024']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39541,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTEGRAGEN-6325198/news/IntegraGen-Annual-Results-2023-Positive-EBITDA-Reflecting-Tight-Cost-Control-46470786/,IntegraGen: Annual Results 2023 - Positive EBITDA Reflecting Tight Cost Control,(marketscreener.com) Increase in services provided in 2023 by all sequencing platforms  excluding COVID-related activitiesPositive EBITDA for the third year running  despite inflation impacting reagent costsSeqOIA platform to cease operations in the…,"Increase in services provided in 2023 by all sequencing platforms  excluding COVID-related activities Positive EBITDA for the third year running  despite inflation impacting reagent costs SeqOIA platform to cease operations in the first quarter of 2024 Planned development of activities for the pharmaceutical industry following CAP accreditation and CLIA certification.Regulatory News:IntegraGen (FR0010908723 – ALINT – Eligible PEA PME)  an OncoDNA company specializing in the genomics of cancer and rare genetic diseases  which performs interpretable genomic analyses for academic and private laboratories  today announced its audited annual results for fiscal 2023  the accounts having been approved by the Board of Directors on April 5  2024.Bernard Courtieu  CEO of IntegraGen  comments: ""The 2023 results demonstrate that despite the cessation or sharp reduction in activities linked to the COVID-19 pandemic  IntegraGen was able to control its cost base to maintain a positive EBITDA  despite a highly inflationary context.Thanks to the loyalty of our customers and partners supported by the exceptional quality of the work done by all our employees  we are particularly proud to be able to present these results  and more generally to continue to contribute to the projects of researchers and clinicians  ultimately supporting improved patient care.2024 will be a year of significant growth for IntegraGen  with the launch of activities aimed at pharmaceutical companies as part of the development of their new drugs  thanks to CAP (College of American Pathologists) accreditation and CLIA (Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments) certification.”Slight reduction in genomic services activities at the Evry laboratoryGenomic service activities  which include services provided for research laboratories and clinical research teams  are now grouped together at the Évry site.Annual sales for 2023 amounted to €4 920k  down 4%  mainly due to the non-recurrence of projects carried out at Évry in 2022 for the Mutualized Microbiology Platform (P2M) and particularly linked to the pandemic  as well as to delayed projects for pharma companies.In all  our genomics teams successfully completed more than 482 projects for 119 academic and private-sector organizations.Sharp drop in COVID-19 pandemic-related services for Institut PasteurIntegraGen continued to provide services for the Institut Pasteur's P2M platform.During the first quarter of 2023  the platform continued to be called upon in connection with the pandemic. Covid-19-related activity had begun to decline in the second half of 2022  giving way to the usual microbiology activity  which was confirmed in 2023.In 2023  the platform carried out over 17 000 microbial sequencings.Éléments FinanciersIncome statementIn thousand euros (k€) 2023 2022 Var.% Sales 12 537 13 167 -5% other revenues 290 329 -12% Total revenues 12 827 13 496 -5% Purchases -4 211 -5 191 -19% Payroll -4 826 -4 551 6% Other charges and taxes -3 709 -3 692 0% Total Charges -12 746 -13 434 -5% Gross operating income 81 62 30% Depreciation and amortization -198 -202 -2% Total Operating Expenses -12 944 -13 635 -5% Operating Income -117 -139 -16% Financial expenses 40 67 -41% Net income before non recurring items -77 -72 7% Net result -181 -72 153%Revenues amounted to €12 537k  down 5% on 2022. This decrease is mainly due to the reduction in activities linked to the COVID-19 pandemic  with a reduction in reagent purchases for the P2M platform in charge of Institut Pasteur's microbiology sequencing activities  and a few pandemic-specific projects in the first quarter of 2022.Operating expenses came to €12 944k  also down 5% on the previous year. This change was mainly due to lower orders for consumables (-19%) linked to lower volumes  particularly at P2M . Other expenses remained stable  despite the efforts made in Quality Assurance to obtain CAP and CLIA accreditations. Lastly  personnel costs rose by 6%  mainly due to increases in certain salaries to reflect inflation.As a result of these various developments  the company was able to keep costs under control and  despite a highly inflationary environment  EBITDA remained positive at €81k in 2022  compared with €62k the previous year (+30%).After taking into account financial items  exceptional items and tax  net profit is estimated at a loss of €171k  compared to a loss of €4k in 2022.Balance sheetk€ 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Fixed assets 316 468 Inventories 311 387 Trade receivables 2 960 3 220 Other receivables 1 535 441 Cash and cash equivalents 2 879 4 507 Current assets 7 684 8 555 translation adjustments 0 TOTAL ASSETS 8 000 9 023En k€ 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Shareholders equity 2 011 2 182 Provisions for liabilities & charges 157 0 Financial debt 1 125 1 672 Advances received 0 Operating liabilities 2 915 3 216 Other debts 1 784 1 934 Exchange differences 9 18 TOTAL LIABILITIES 8 000 9 023The cash position at the end of December 2023 was €2 879k  compared with4 507k at December 31  2022  a decrease of €1 628k. This change is explained by the granting of a €1 000k loan to OncoDNA  which was the subject of a regulated agreement approved by the Board of Directors  the repayment of the PGE (State Guaranteed Loan) obtained in 2020 during the pandemic and which the company began repaying in 2022 for a period of 5 years  and an operating cash consumption of less than €300k.OUTLOOK FOR 2024: END OF SEQOIA AND LAUNCH OF GENOMIC SERVICES FOR THE PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRYIn September  the “Groupement de Coopération Sanitaire” SeqOIA announced that it had decided to internalize its services  with the termination of the contract with IntegraGen. The cessation of the latter's activities  which was extended to February 29  will have a significant impact on 2024 revenues  compared with the €4 362k generated in 2023 by SeqOIA.In the fourth quarter of 2023  the company took the decision to implement a job-saving plan at the Évry site  beyond the elimination of jobs linked to the SeqOIA contract  in order to maintain the company's competitiveness.Nevertheless  IntegraGen expects continued growth in revenues from genomic services at the Evry site in 2024  based on the order book and the positive trend observed with academic and private-sector clients. The Company also expects Evry's genomics services to become even more profitable  thanks to the automation and productivity gains achieved.In addition  investments in certification and quality assurance have resulted in CAP accreditation and CLIA certification  making it possible to offer services to the pharmaceutical industry in support of the clinical development of new molecules in oncology. The Company expects this fast-growing sector to become a major focus of the laboratory's business in the short to medium term.Available cash will allow the Company to finance its operating and investment needs.ABOUT INTEGRAGENIntegraGen is an OncoDNA group company specializing in the genomics of cancer and rare genetic diseases. Backed by highly competent and qualified teams  IntegraGen is a leading player in DNA sequencing services and genomic data interpretation software. The company runs one of the largest NGS labs in France and operates for research institutes of excellence. As part of OncoDNA group  IntegraGen leverages the power of next generation sequencing with the mission of delivering the promise of precision medicine to patients. IntegraGen has about 42 employees and generated €12.5 million of turnover in 2023. Based in France  IntegraGen is part of the Belgian OncoDNA group present in Spain  UK  Germany and works with an international network of 35 distributors. The Group also provides biomarker testing and clinical interpretation tools to guide treatment and monitoring of late stage solid tumors and accelerate the development of new cancer drugs.IntegraGen is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (ISIN: FR0010908723 – Mnemo: ALINT – Eligible PEA- PME).For further information  please visit www.integragen.com or connect with us on LinkedIn or Twitter.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240418179424/en/",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.26,0.47,True,English,"['Tight Cost Control', 'Annual Results', 'Positive EBITDA', 'IntegraGen', 'Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments', 'Eligible PEA PME', 'rare genetic diseases', 'interpretable genomic analyses', 'Éléments Financiers', 'clinical research teams', 'usual microbiology activity', 'third year running', 'Genomic service activities', 'Mutualized Microbiology Platform', 'Gross operating income', 'microbiology sequencing activities', 'COVID-19 pandemic-related services', 'Total Operating Expenses', 'genomic services activities', 'Evry laboratory', 'sequencing platforms', 'research laboratories', 'Covid-19-related activity', 'Income statement', 'Financial expenses', 'Net income', 'Other expenses', 'TOTAL ASSETS', 'Operating liabilities', 'first quarter', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'Regulatory News', 'private laboratories', 'Bernard Courtieu', 'cost base', 'inflationary context', 'exceptional quality', 'patient care', 'significant growth', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'new drugs', 'American Pathologists', 'pharma companies', 'genomics teams', 'private-sector organizations', 'Sharp drop', 'Institut Pasteur', 'second half', '17,000 microbial sequencings', 'thousand euros', 'recurring items', 'previous year', 'lower orders', 'lower volumes', 'Quality Assurance', 'various developments', 'inflationary environment', 'financial items', 'exceptional items', 'net profit', 'Balance sheet', 'Fixed assets', 'Trade receivables', 'Other receivables', 'Current assets', '555 translation adjustments', 'En k', 'Shareholders equity', 'Financial debt', 'Other debts', 'Exchange differences', 'COVID-related activities', 'Total revenues', 'Total Charges', 'TOTAL LIABILITIES', 'SeqOIA platform', 'Positive EBITDA', 'reagent costs', 'other revenues', 'Other charges', 'CLIA accreditations', 'personnel costs', 'cash equivalents', 'cash position', 'OncoDNA company', 'sharp reduction', 'Slight reduction', 'Évry site', 'Annual sales', 'Net result', 'reagent purchases', 'annual results', 'P2M platform', 'pandemic-specific projects', 'CLIA certification', 'CAP accreditation', '2023 results', '482 projects', 'Increase', 'operations', 'IntegraGen', 'ALINT', 'cancer', 'academic', 'fiscal 2023', 'accounts', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'CEO', 'cessation', 'loyalty', 'customers', 'partners', 'work', 'employees', 'researchers', 'clinicians', 'launch', 'College', 'recurrence', 'connection', 'way', 'Payroll', 'taxes', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'non', 'decrease', 'consumables', 'efforts', 'salaries', 'control', 'loss', '468 Inventories', 'Provisions', 'Advances', 'December', '2022', '507']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39542,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/integragen-annual-results-2023--positive-ebitda-reflecting-tight-cost-control-93CH-3385134,IntegraGen: Annual Results 2023 - Positive EBITDA Reflecting Tight Cost Control,IntegraGen: Annual Results 2023 - Positive EBITDA Reflecting Tight Cost Control,"Increase in services provided in 2023 by all sequencing platforms  excluding COVID-related activitiesPositive EBITDA for the third year running  despite inflation impacting reagent costsSeqOIA platform to cease operations in the first quarter of 2024Planned development of activities for the pharmaceutical industry following CAP accreditation and CLIA certification.EVRY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:IntegraGen (FR0010908723 “ ALINT “ Eligible PEA PME)  an OncoDNA company specializing in the genomics of cancer and rare genetic diseases  which performs interpretable genomic analyses for academic and private laboratories  today announced its audited annual results for fiscal 2023  the accounts having been approved by the Board of Directors on April 5  2024.Bernard Courtieu  CEO of IntegraGen  comments: ""The 2023 results demonstrate that despite the cessation or sharp reduction in activities linked to the COVID-19 pandemic  IntegraGen was able to control its cost base to maintain a positive EBITDA  despite a highly inflationary context.Thanks to the loyalty of our customers and partners supported by the exceptional quality of the work done by all our employees  we are particularly proud to be able to present these results  and more generally to continue to contribute to the projects of researchers and clinicians  ultimately supporting improved patient care.2024 will be a year of significant growth for IntegraGen  with the launch of activities aimed at pharmaceutical companies as part of the development of their new drugs  thanks to CAP (College of American Pathologists) accreditation and CLIA (Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments) certification.Slight reduction in genomic services activities at the Evry laboratoryGenomic service activities  which include services provided for research laboratories and clinical research teams  are now grouped together at the Ã‰vry site.Annual sales for 2023 amounted to €4 920k  down 4%  mainly due to the non-recurrence of projects carried out at Ã‰vry in 2022 for the Mutualized Microbiology Platform (P2M) and particularly linked to the pandemic  as well as to delayed projects for pharma companies.In all  our genomics teams successfully completed more than 482 projects for 119 academic and private-sector organizations.Sharp (OTC: ) drop in COVID-19 pandemic-related services for Institut PasteurIntegraGen continued to provide services for the Institut Pasteur's P2M platform.During the first quarter of 2023  the platform continued to be called upon in connection with the pandemic. Covid-19-related activity had begun to decline in the second half of 2022  giving way to the usual microbiology activity  which was confirmed in 2023.In 2023  the platform carried out over 17 000 microbial sequencings.Ã‰lÃ©ments FinanciersIncome statementIn thousand euros (k €) 2023 2022 Var.% Sales 12 537 13 167 -5% other revenues 290 329 -12% Total revenues 12 827 13 496 -5% Purchases -4 211 -5 191 -19% Payroll -4 826 -4 551 6% Other charges and taxes -3 709 -3 692 0% Total Charges -12 746 -13 434 -5% Gross operating income 81 62 30% Depreciation and amortization -198 -202 -2% Total Operating Expenses -12 944 -13 635 -5% Operating Income -117 -139 -16% Financial expenses 40 67 -41% Net income before non recurring items -77 -72 7% Net result -181 -72 153%Revenues amounted to €12 537k  down 5% on 2022. This decrease is mainly due to the reduction in activities linked to the COVID-19 pandemic  with a reduction in reagent purchases for the P2M platform in charge of Institut Pasteur's microbiology sequencing activities  and a few pandemic-specific projects in the first quarter of 2022.Operating expenses came to €12 944k  also down 5% on the previous year. This change was mainly due to lower orders for consumables (-19%) linked to lower volumes  particularly at P2M . Other expenses remained stable  despite the efforts made in Quality Assurance to obtain CAP and CLIA accreditations. Lastly  personnel costs rose by 6%  mainly due to increases in certain salaries to reflect inflation.As a result of these various developments  the company was able to keep costs under control and  despite a highly inflationary environment  EBITDA remained positive at €81k in 2022  compared with €62k the previous year (+30%).After taking into account financial items  exceptional items and tax  net profit is estimated at a loss of €171k  compared to a loss of €4k in 2022.Balance sheetk € 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Fixed assets 316 468 Inventories 311 387 Trade receivables 2 960 3 220 Other receivables 1 535 441 Cash and cash equivalents 2 879 4 507 Current assets 7 684 8 555 translation adjustments 0 TOTAL ASSETS 8 000 9 023En k € 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Shareholders equity 2 011 2 182 Provisions for liabilities & charges 157 0 Financial debt 1 125 1 672 Advances received 0 Operating liabilities 2 915 3 216 Other debts 1 784 1 934 Exchange differences 9 18 TOTAL LIABILITIES 8 000 9 023The cash position at the end of December 2023 was €2 879k  compared with4 507k at December 31  2022  a decrease of €1 628k. This change is explained by the granting of a €1 000k loan to OncoDNA  which was the subject of a regulated agreement approved by the Board of Directors  the repayment of the PGE (State Guaranteed Loan) obtained in 2020 during the pandemic and which the company began repaying in 2022 for a period of 5 years  and an operating cash consumption of less than €300k.OUTLOOK FOR 2024: END OF SEQOIA AND LAUNCH OF GENOMIC SERVICES FOR THE PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRYIn September  the Groupement de CoopÃ©ration Sanitaire SeqOIA announced that it had decided to internalize its services  with the termination of the contract with IntegraGen. The cessation of the latter's activities  which was extended to February 29  will have a significant impact on 2024 revenues  compared with the €4 362k generated in 2023 by SeqOIA.In the fourth quarter of 2023  the company took the decision to implement a job-saving plan at the Ã‰vry site  beyond the elimination of jobs linked to the SeqOIA contract  in order to maintain the company's competitiveness.Nevertheless  IntegraGen expects continued growth in revenues from genomic services at the Evry site in 2024  based on the order book and the positive trend observed with academic and private-sector clients. The Company also expects Evry's genomics services to become even more profitable  thanks to the automation and productivity gains achieved.In addition  investments in certification and quality assurance have resulted in CAP accreditation and CLIA certification  making it possible to offer services to the pharmaceutical industry in support of the clinical development of new molecules in oncology. The Company expects this fast-growing sector to become a major focus of the laboratory's business in the short to medium term.Available cash will allow the Company to finance its operating and investment needs.ABOUT INTEGRAGENIntegraGen is an OncoDNA group company specializing in the genomics of cancer and rare genetic diseases. Backed by highly competent and qualified teams  IntegraGen is a leading player in DNA sequencing services and genomic data interpretation software. The company runs one of the largest NGS labs in France and operates for research institutes of excellence. As part of OncoDNA group  IntegraGen leverages the power of next generation sequencing with the mission of delivering the promise of precision medicine to patients. IntegraGen has about 42 employees and generated €12.5 million of turnover in 2023. Based in France  IntegraGen is part of the Belgian OncoDNA group present in Spain  UK  Germany and works with an international network of 35 distributors. The Group also provides biomarker testing and clinical interpretation tools to guide treatment and monitoring of late stage solid tumors and accelerate the development of new cancer drugs.IntegraGen is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (ISIN: FR0010908723 “ Mnemo: ALINT “ Eligible PEA- PME).For further information  please visit www.integragen.com or connect with us on LinkedIn or Twitter.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240418179424/en/IntegraGenBernard COURTIEUDirecteur GÃ©nÃ©ralVirginie DecosterDirecteur Financiercontact@integragen.comTÃ©l. : +33 (0)1 60 91 09 00NewCapRelations InvestisseursLouis-Victor DELOUVRIERintegragen@newcap.euTÃ©l. : +33 (0)1 44 71 98 53Source: IntegraGen",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.28,0.34,True,English,"['Tight Cost Control', 'Annual Results', 'Positive EBITDA', 'IntegraGen', 'Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments', 'Eligible PEA PME', 'rare genetic diseases', 'interpretable genomic analyses', 'clinical research teams', 'usual microbiology activity', 'Genomic service activities', 'Mutualized Microbiology Platform', 'Gross operating income', 'microbiology sequencing activities', 'COVID-19 pandemic-related services', 'Total Operating Expenses', 'genomic services activities', 'sequencing platforms', 'Evry laboratory', 'research laboratories', 'Covid-19-related activity', 'Income statement', 'Financial expenses', 'Net income', 'Other expenses', 'TOTAL ASSETS', 'Operating liabilities', 'first quarter', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'private laboratories', 'Bernard Courtieu', 'cost base', 'inflationary context', 'exceptional quality', 'patient care', 'significant growth', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'new drugs', 'American Pathologists', 'Annual sales', 'pharma companies', 'genomics teams', 'private-sector organizations', 'Institut Pasteur', 'second half', '17,000 microbial sequencings', 'thousand euros', 'Var.% Sales', 'recurring items', 'lower orders', 'lower volumes', 'Quality Assurance', 'various developments', 'inflationary environment', 'financial items', 'exceptional items', 'net profit', 'Balance sheet', 'Fixed assets', 'Trade receivables', 'Other receivables', 'Current assets', '555 translation adjustments', 'En k', 'Shareholders equity', 'Financial debt', 'Other debts', 'Exchange differences', 'COVID-related activities', 'Total revenues', 'Total Charges', 'TOTAL LIABILITIES', 'SeqOIA platform', 'third year', 'previous year', 'Positive EBITDA', 'reagent costs', 'other revenues', 'Other charges', 'CLIA accreditations', 'personnel costs', 'cash equivalents', 'cash position', 'Planned development', 'OncoDNA company', 'Slight reduction', 'Ã‰vry site', 'Net result', 'reagent purchases', 'annual results', 'P2M platform', 'pandemic-specific projects', 'CLIA certification', 'sharp reduction', 'CAP accreditation', '2023 results', '482 projects', 'Increase', 'operations', 'France', 'IntegraGen', 'ALINT', 'cancer', 'academic', 'fiscal', 'accounts', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'CEO', 'cessation', 'loyalty', 'customers', 'partners', 'work', 'employees', 'researchers', 'clinicians', 'launch', 'College', 'non', 'recurrence', 'OTC', 'connection', 'way', 'Payroll', 'taxes', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'decrease', 'consumables', 'efforts', 'salaries', 'control', 'loss', '468 Inventories', 'Provisions', 'Advances', 'December', '507', '934']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,investing.com
39543,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AELIS-FARMA-132953875/news/Aelis-Farma-Announces-the-Last-Patient-Last-Visit-in-its-Clinical-Phase-2b-Trial-with-AEF0117-for-t-46470809/,Aelis Farma Announces the Last Patient  Last Visit in its Clinical Phase 2b Trial with AEF0117 for the Treatment of Cannabis Use Disorder,(marketscreener.com) The last patient in the clinical phase 2b trial with AEF0117 for the treatment of cannabis use disorder has completed its last medical visit  paving the way for the release of study results in the third quarter of 2024This achieveme…,"The last patient in the clinical phase 2b trial with AEF0117 for the treatment of cannabis use disorder has completed its last medical visit  paving the way for the release of study results in the third quarter of 2024 This achievement is a key milestone in the clinical development of AEF0117  which could represent the first treatment of cannabis use disorder Aelis Farma's partner Indivior retains a $100 million license option  exercisable within 90 days of promising phase 2b results and FDA feedback at future End-of-Phase 2 (EOP2) meetingRegulatory News:Aelis Farma (ISIN: FR0014007ZB4 – Ticker: AELIS)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development of treatments for brain diseases  is pleased to announce today a significant milestone in the clinical development of AEF0117: the last patient visit in the clinical phase 2b study  which included 333 individuals seeking treatment for cannabis use disorder (CUD)  has been completed.AEF0117 represents a novel class of drugs developed by Aelis Farma  the Signaling-Specific inhibitor of the CB 1 receptor (""CB 1 -SSi""). This phase 2b multicenter study aims to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of this ""first-in-class"" compound in treating cannabis addiction  currently defined as CUD in the DSM-5  the reference diagnostic manual of mental disorders.This significant advancement marks the conclusion of clinical data collection and the start of in-depth analysis. The company confirms its intention to announce the study results in the third quarter of this year.Pr. Frances Levin  the study's principal investigator and Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia University  comments:""Completion of the last patient  last visit is a crucial step towards unveiling the potential efficacy of AEF0117 as a treatment of cannabis addiction. This milestone marks the end of data collection and the beginning of in-depth analysis. We eagerly await results that could offer a crucial and innovative therapeutic alternative for the treatment of cannabis use disorder. We also wish to thank all the medical teams involved in the study for their efforts and dedication and send a special thanks to the CUD participants for their trust and participation to the study.”AEF0117 has a favorable therapeutic index >13 000 times the active dose confirmed in long-term chronic oral toxicity studies (6 months in rats and 9 months in dogs) which support the potential chronic use of AEF0117 in humans without time restriction. In addition  the lack of adverse effect in juvenile toxicity studies would support administration of AEF0117 in adolescents  an important target population in CUD. Finally  the reproductive toxicology studies show that AEF0117 does not modify embryonic and embryofetal development.The successful early completion of the toxicity studies described above and of additional non-clinical development studies  positions AEF0117 to enter phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of CUD upon positive results of the present phase 2b clinical trial and regulatory agreement of the phase 3 protocol. To reach this goal  the company plans to request an end-of-phase 2 (EOP2) meeting with the FDA in the fourth quarter of this year.Pier Vincenzo Piazza  CEO of Aelis Farma  concludes: ""Completion of the last patient  last visit in the phase 2b study with AEF0117  the largest study ever performed for a treatment of cannabis addiction  marks a significant milestone in our clinical journey and demonstrates our ability to respect timelines announced to the market. I would like to send heartfelt thanks to all the persons who have contributed to this significant advancement in AEF0117's development  the investigators  the patients and the extremely dedicated Aelis team. We remain committed to our roadmap for AEF0117 to offer an effective treatment of cannabis addiction  an increasingly prevalent and worrying condition worldwide.""Phase 2b clinical study with AEF0117 for the treatment of cannabis addictionUnder the coordination of Professor Frances Levin at Columbia University (New York) and of Aelis Farma clinical team  recruitment and randomization of the 333 patients for the phase 2b trial of AEF0117 at 11 clinical centers in the United States were completed in December 2023. The last visit for the last patient was completed mid-April 2024.Patients received either placebo or one of the three tested doses of AEF0117 (0.1 mg  0.3 mg  and 1 mg) once daily for 3 months. The primary objective of the study is to assess whether AEF0117 can reduce cannabis use by increasing the proportion of subjects consuming cannabis ≤1 day per week compared to the placebo. Secondary endpoints include the proportion of patients achieving other levels of reduced cannabis use including abstinence  and potential improvement in their quality of life. These secondary endpoints  if positive  could potentially serve as alternative primary objectives for the future phase 3 trials.The Phase 2b study is part of the clinical program for AEF0117  which received $7.8 million of total funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH)  with $4.5 million allocated in late 2021 for the current developmental phase  aiming to ready the compound to enter phase 3. The remaining $3.3 million were previously dedicated to help financing phase 1 and a Phase 2a study with AEF0117. The phase 2a study  conducted by Pr. Margaret Haney (Columbia University  NY) in volunteers with cannabis addiction  provided initial evidence of the efficacy of AEF0117 and confirmed a favorable safety profile.License Option with IndiviorBased on promising phase 2a results  Aelis Farma entered an exclusive option and license agreement in 2021 with Indivior UK Limited  a subsidiary of Indivior PLC  which is a leading pharmaceutical group in addiction treatment  for the development and commercialization of AEF0117 as a treatment for disorders due to excessive cannabis use. Per agreement  Aelis Farma has already received $30 million (license option fee). Within three months following the end of phase 2 meeting with the FDA  Indivior will be able to exercise its license option  triggering the payment of a $100 million license fee  up to an additional $340 million in milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of development  regulatory  and commercial milestones  as well as royalties on net sales of AEF0117 ranging from 12% to 20%. Following the exercise of the option  all development  registration  and commercialization activities for AEF0117 in CUD shall be conducted by Indivior and those costs will be borne by Indivior.***About AELIS FARMAFounded in Bordeaux in 2013  Aelis Farma is a biopharmaceutical company that is developing a new class of drugs  the Signaling-Specific inhibitors of the CB 1 receptor of the endocannabinoid system (CB 1 -SSi). CB 1 -SSi have been developed by Aelis Farma based on the discovery of a natural regulatory mechanism of CB 1 hyperactivity made by the team led by Dr. Pier Vincenzo Piazza  the Company’s CEO  when he was the director of the Neurocentre Magendie of INSERM in Bordeaux. By mimicking this natural mechanism  CB 1 -SSi appear to selectively inhibit the disease-related activity of the CB 1 receptor without disrupting its normal physiological activity. CB 1 -SSi have consequently the potential to provide new safe treatments for several brain diseases.Aelis Farma is currently developing two first-in-class clinical-stage drug candidates: AEF0117 for the treatment of cannabis use disorder (CUD)  that has just completed a phase 2b study in the United States with result expected in Q3 2024; and AEF0217 for cognitive disorders  including those of Down Syndrome (Trisomy 21)  currently in a phase 1/2 study in Spain in people with Down syndrome. The Company also has a portfolio of new innovative CB 1 -SSi for the treatment of other disorders associated with a dysregulation of the activity of the CB 1 receptor.Aelis Farma draws on the talents of more than 25 highly qualified employees.For more information  visit www.aelisfarma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.ISIN: FR0014007ZB4Ticker: AELISB Compartment of Euronext ParisDisclaimerForward-looking statementsSome information contained in this press release are forward-looking statements  not historical data. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  expectations  and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about Aelis Farma's current and future strategy and the environment in which Aelis Farma operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  which may cause actual results  performance  or achievements  or industry results or other events  to differ materially from those described or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those set out and described in detail in Chapter 3 ""Risk Factors"" of Aelis Farma's Universal Registration Document approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 26  2023  under number R.23-018.These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release and Aelis Farma expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or corrections to the forward-looking statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or events  conditions  or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based. Forward-looking information and statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Aelis Farma's control. Actual results could differ materially from those described in  or implied or projected by  forward-looking information and statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240418781685/en/",neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,mixed,0.6,0.18,0.22,True,English,"['Clinical Phase 2b Trial', 'Cannabis Use Disorder', 'Aelis Farma', 'Last Patient', 'Last Visit', 'AEF0117', 'Treatment', 'long-term chronic oral toxicity studies', 'present phase 2b clinical trial', 'clinical phase 2b trial', 'additional non-clinical development studies', 'phase 2b multicenter study', 'The Phase 2b study', 'Phase 2b clinical study', 'clinical phase 2b study', 'Aelis Farma clinical team', 'juvenile toxicity studies', 'reproductive toxicology studies', 'phase 3 clinical trials', 'future phase 3 trials', 'potential chronic use', '$100 million license option', 'reference diagnostic manual', 'Pr. Frances Levin', 'innovative therapeutic alternative', 'favorable therapeutic index', 'important target population', 'Pier Vincenzo Piazza', 'three tested doses', 'phase 2b results', 'dedicated Aelis team', 'alternative primary objectives', 'clinical data collection', 'Professor Frances Levin', 'cannabis use disorder', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'successful early completion', 'last medical visit', 'last patient visit', 'phase 3 protocol', 'clinical journey', '11 clinical centers', 'clinical program', 'last visit', 'medical teams', 'study results', 'largest study', 'potential improvement', 'cannabis addiction', 'third quarter', 'EOP2) meeting', 'Regulatory News', 'brain diseases', 'Signaling-Specific inhibitor', 'mental disorders', 'significant advancement', 'depth analysis', 'principal investigator', 'Columbia University', 'special thanks', 'active dose', 'time restriction', 'adverse effect', 'embryofetal development', 'positive results', 'regulatory agreement', 'fourth quarter', 'worrying condition', 'New York', 'United States', 'Secondary endpoints', 'other levels', 'total funding', 'National Institutes', 'potential efficacy', 'key milestone', 'significant milestone', 'FDA feedback', 'novel class', 'CB 1 receptor', 'crucial step', 'first treatment', 'effective treatment', 'CUD participants', 'AEF0117', 'way', 'release', 'achievement', 'partner', 'Indivior', '90 days', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'treatments', '333 individuals', 'drugs', 'SSi', 'safety', 'compound', 'DSM-5', 'conclusion', 'start', 'intention', 'year', 'Psychiatry', 'beginning', 'efforts', 'dedication', 'trust', 'participation', 'rats', '9 months', 'dogs', 'humans', 'lack', 'administration', 'adolescents', 'embryonic', 'goal', 'CEO', 'ability', 'timelines', 'market', 'persons', 'investigators', 'patients', 'roadmap', 'prevalent', 'coordination', 'recruitment', 'randomization', 'December', 'placebo', '0.1 mg', '0.3 mg', '3 months', 'proportion', 'subjects', 'week', 'abstinence', 'quality', 'life']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39544,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-publishes-unaudited-first-quarter-results-for-2024-46462887/,Sartorius Stedim Biotech publishes unaudited first quarter results for 2024,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA / Key word: Quarter ResultsSartorius Stedim Biotech publishes unaudited first quarter results for 2024 18-Apr-2024 / 07:02 CET/CEST Aubagne  France | April 18  2024 Sartorius Stedim B…,Aubagne  France | April 18  2024Sartorius Stedim Biotech publishes unaudited first quarter results for 2024Sales revenue of 667 million euros  in constant currencies 1 - 9.4 percent organically 1 and - 6.7 percent including acquisitions 2 (reported: - 8.2 percent)Order intake up 13.9 percent to 676 million euros (reported: 12.5 percent ) with significant growth in recurring business  while demand from China remains weak; book-to-bill ratio slightly above 1Underlying EBITDA 1 at 191 million euros  resulting margin at 28.6 percent; net profit of 56 million eurosFull-year outlook confirmed; u ncertainties remain high due to the global political and economic situationIn a continuously challenging market environment  Sartorius Stedim Biotech  a leading partner of the biopharmaceutical industry  closed its first quarter largely within the bandwidth of expectations recording an increase in order intake and a decline in sales revenue compared with a significantly stronger prior-year period. For the full year  the company continues to anticipate business momentum to gradually pick up from quarter to quarter and forecasts sales revenue growth in the mid to high single-digit percentage range.“Overall  the first three months showed the projected continued recovery  however the dynamics across our portfolio and regions were mixed. Demand continued to normalize particularly in our recurring core business with consumables  where orders are picking up  signaling that customers have made further progress in destocking. In addition  it is encouraging to see that the business with cell and gene therapy customers  a major strategic focus point  has continued to perform strongly. On the other hand  customer investment into hardware and systems remained muted  especially in China and to some extent also in Europe  which led to soft development in our equipment business. In terms of profitability  we achieved a robust EBITDA margin  and our ongoing efficiency programs should deliver further benefits later in the year ” said René Fáber  CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech.Business development 1In the first quarter of the fiscal year  Sartorius Stedim Biotech recorded an increase in order intake1 of 13.9 percent in constant currencies (reported: 12.5 percent) to 676 million euros  with growth coming from all regions except China. In view of advanced inventory reductions on the part of customers  business has been recovering since the end of the third quarter of 2023. Order volume was slightly above sales revenue in the first three months of 2024  which stood at 667 million euros   down 6.7 percent in constant currencies ( organic: - 9.4 percent; reported: - 8.2 percent) compared with the prior-year period’s strong figure. This includes a growth contribution from acquisitions2 of 2.7 percentage points.From a regional perspective  the normalization of demand was visible in all business regions: The EMEA 3 region recorded an increase in order intake of 8.6 percent with sales revenue down by 3.8 percent. In the Americas region  order intake grew at a double-digit rate of 29.4 percent  while sales revenue declined by 8.6 percent. In Asia/Pacific  order intake increased by 3 2 % in constant currencies  while the continued market weakness in China led to a decline in sales revenue (- 8.8 percent).Underlying EBITDA decreased by 13.2 percent to 191 million euros in the first three months   with positive product mix effects and cost base adjustments partially compensating the negative volume development. The EBITDA margin reached 28.6 percent (prior-year period: 30.3 percent).Underlying net profit 1 was 84 million euros  compared with 131 million euros in the first quarter of 2023. Net profit amounted to 56 million euros against 111 million euros in the previous year’s period. Underlying earnings per share stood at 0.86 euros (prior-year period 1.43 euros) and earnings per share at 0.58 euros (prior-year period: 1.21 euros). The number of employees worldwide was 10 493 as of March 31  2024  after 11 581 in the prior-year quarter (December 31  2023: 10 662 people).Key financial indicatorsSartorius Stedim Biotech’s key financial indicators remain at a sound level. Equity was 3 867 million euros as of March 31  2024  while the equity ratio 1 increased to 45.8 percent (December 31  2023: 2 673 million euros and 34 5 percent  respectively)  mainly as a result of the equity measures successfully completed at the beginning of February 2024. Gross debt was down to 3 189 million euros (December 31  2023: 3 682 million euros) and net debt down to 2 494 million euros  resulting in a reduced ratio of net debt to underlying EBITDA1 of 3.3 (December 31  2023: 3 565 million euros and 4.5 respectively).Mainly due to lower earnings  n et operating cash flow totaled 55 million euros  compared with 166 million euros in the prior-year period . Cash flow from investing activities amounted to - 109 million euros after - 116 million euros in the first quarter of 2023. The ratio of capital expenditures (capex) to sales revenue was 16.4 percent compared with 16.0 percent in the prior-year period.Outlook for fiscal 2024Management confirms its expectations for the current fiscal year and continues to anticipate a moderate first half of 2024 and increasing business momentum in the course of the year. In addition  business performance could also be affected by increasing geopolitical tensions and economic slowdowns.Accordingly  consolidated Group sales revenue is projected to increase in the mid to high single-digit percentage range  including a contribution of around 2 percentage points from acquired businesses. In terms of profitability  management anticipates a rise in the underlying EBITDA margin to more than 30 percent compared with the previous year’s figure of 28.3 percent. The above-average profitability of the Polyplus business should have a slightly positive effect on the margin development. The ratio of capital expenditure to sales revenue is expected to be around 13 percent (prior year: 17.1 percent)  and the ratio of net debt to underlying EBITDA1 slightly below 2.5.Forecasts have been prepared based on historical information and are consistent with accounting policies. All forecast figures are based on constant currencies  as in the past years. Management points out that the dynamics and volatilities in the industry have increased significantly in recent years. In addition  uncertainties due to the changed geopolitical situation  such as the emerging decoupling tendencies of various countries  are playing a greater role. This results in higher uncertainty when forecasting business figures.1 Sartorius Stedim Biotech publishes alternative performance measures that are not defined by international accounting standards. These are determined with the aim of improving the comparability of business performance over time and within the industry.Constant currencies: figures given in constant currencies eliminate the impact of changes in exchange rates by applying the same exchange rate for the current and the previous periodOrganic: organic growth figures exclude the impact from changes in exchange rates and changes in the scope of consolidationOrder intake: all customer orders contractually concluded and booked during the respective reporting periodUnderlying EBITDA: earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization and adjusted for extraordinary itemsUnderlying net profit: profit for the period after non-controlling interest  adjusted for extraordinary items and amortization  as well as based on the normalized financial result and the normalized tax rateEquity ratio: equity in relation to the balance sheet totalRatio of net debt to underlying EBITDA: quotient of net debt and underlying EBITDA over the past 12 months  including the pro forma amount contributed by acquisitions for this period2 Acquisition of Polyplus3 EMEA = Europe  Middle East  AfricaThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the future development of the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Sartorius Stedim Biotech assumes no liability for updating such statements in light of new information or future events. Sartorius Stedim Biotech shall not assume any liability for the correctness of this release. The original French press release is the legally binding version.Conference callDr. René Fáber  CEO of the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group  will discuss the company’s first quarter results with analysts and investors in a conference call at 1.00 p.m. CEST on April 18  2024.Register here: https://sar.to/Q1_IR_SSB_RegistrationFinancial calendarJuly 19  2024 Publication of the first-half figures (January to June 2024)October 17  2024 Publication of the nine-month figures (January to September 2024)Key Performance Indicators for the First Quarter of 2024in millions of €unless otherwise specified Q12024 Q12023 ∆ in % Reported ∆ in % cc1 Order Intake and Sales Revenue Order intake² 676.3 601.3 12.5 13.9 Sales revenue 666.9 726.1 -8.2 -6.7 EMEA³ 284.4 296.8 -4.2 -3.8 Americas³ 233.4 258.2 -9.6 -8.6 Asia | Pacific³ 149.1 171.1 -12.8 -8.8 Results EBITDA4 191.0 220.1 -13.2 EBITDA margin4 in % 28.6 30.3 Underlying net profit5 84.1 131.4 -36.0 Underlying earnings per share5 in € 0.86 1.43 -39.4 Net profit6 56.1 111.1 -49.5 Earnings per share⁶ in € 0.58 1.21 -52.21 cc = constant currencies: Figures given in constant currencies eliminate the impact of changes in exchange rates by applying the same exchange rate for the current and the previous period2 All customer orders contractually concluded and booked during the respective reporting period3 According to customer location4 Underlying EBITDA = earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization  and adjusted for extraordinary items5 Relevant / underlying net profit = net profit after non-controlling interest; adjusted for extraordinary items andamortization  as well as based on a normalized financial result and normalized tax rate6 After non-controlling interestFigures are not audited nor reviewed.Reconciliationin millions of € Q12024 Q12023 EBIT (operating result) 110.0 153.7 Extraordinary items 10.6 17.8 Depreciation & amortization 70.4 48.6 Underlying EBITDA 191.0 220.1Figures are not audited nor reviewed.In millions of € unless otherwise specified Q12024 Q12023 EBIT (operating result) 110.0 153.7 Extraordinary items 10.6 17.8 Amortization | IFRS 3 29.7 16.8 Normalized financial result1 -35.5 -10.3 Normalized income tax (26%)2 -29.9 -46.3 Underlying net result after taxes 85.0 131.8 Non-controlling interest -0.9 -0.4 Underlying net result after taxes and non-controlling interest 84.1 131.4 Underlying earnings per share (in €) 0.86 1.431 Financial result excluding fair value adjustments of hedging instruments and currency effects relating to financing activities and change in valuation of earn-out liability2 Normalized income tax based on the underlying profit before taxes and amortizationFigures are not audited nor reviewed.In millions of € unless otherwise specified Q12024 Q12023 Gross debt 3 188.8 1 306.8 - Cash and cash equivalents 695.1 94.0 Net debt 2 493.8 1 212.8 Underlying EBITDA (12 months) 756.3 1 137.8 + Pro forma EBITDA (12 months) 7.2 7.3 Pro forma underlying EBITDA (12 months) 763.5 1 145.0 Ratio of net debt to underlying EBITDA 3.3 1.1In millions of € unless otherwise specified Q12024 Q12023 Sales revenue 666.9 726.1 Capital expenditures 109.2 115.8 Capital expenditures as % of sales revenue 16.4 16.0Figures are not audited nor reviewedA profile of Sartorius Stedim BiotechSartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a provider of innovative solutions  the company based in Aubagne  France  helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications  such as cell and gene therapies  safely  rapidly  and economically. The shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. The company has a strong global reach with manufacturing and R&D sites as well as sales entities in Europe  North America  and Asia. Sartorius Stedim Biotech regularly expands its portfolio through acquisitions of complementary technologies. In 2023  the company generated sales revenue of around 2.8 billion euros. By the end of 2023  more than 10 600 employees were working for customers around the globe.Visit our newsroom and follow Sartorius Stedim Biotech on LinkedIn .ContactPetra KirchhoffHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations+49 (0)551 308 1686,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.32,0.49,True,English,"['unaudited first quarter results', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech', '2024', 'mid to high single-digit percentage range', 'major strategic focus point', 'positive product mix effects', 'unaudited first quarter results', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech', 'ongoing efficiency programs', 'René Fáber', 'advanced inventory reductions', 'cost base adjustments', 'Key financial indicators', 'first three months', 'challenging market environment', 'The EMEA 3 region', 'operating cash flow', 'negative volume development', 'gene therapy customers', 'recurring core business', 'stronger prior-year period', 'robust EBITDA margin', 'sales revenue growth', '2.7 percentage points', 'Order volume', 'Americas region', 'market weakness', 'recurring business', 'soft development', 'Business development', 'prior-year quarter', 'constant currencies', 'Order intake', 'significant growth', 'Full-year outlook', 'u ncertainties', 'global political', 'economic situation', 'leading partner', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'other hand', 'customer investment', 'third quarter', 'strong figure', 'growth contribution', 'regional perspective', 'double-digit rate', 'sound level', 'Gross debt', 'investing activities', 'capital expenditures', 'business momentum', 'equipment business', 'net profit', 'net debt', 'bill ratio', 'full year', 'fiscal year', 'previous year', 'reduced ratio', '667 million euros', '676 million euros', '191 million euros', '56 million euros', '131 million euros', '111 million euros', '867 million euros', '2,673 million euros', '189 million euros', '682 million euros', '166 million euros', '116 million euros', 'equity measures', 'underlying EBITDA1', 'lower earnings', 'continued recovery', 'equity ratio', 'Underlying earnings', 'business regions', '2,494 million', '65 million', '0.86 euros', '0.58 euros', '1.21 euros', 'Aubagne', 'France', 'April', '6.7 percent', 'acquisitions', '8.2 percent', '12.5 percent', 'demand', 'China', '28.6 percent', 'bandwidth', 'expectations', 'increase', 'decline', 'company', 'dynamics', 'portfolio', 'consumables', 'orders', 'progress', 'destocking', 'addition', 'cell', 'hardware', 'systems', 'extent', 'Europe', 'terms', 'profitability', 'benefits', 'CEO', '13.9 percent', 'view', '9.4 percent', 'normalization', '3.8 percent', 'Asia/Pacific', '8.8 percent', '13.2 percent', '30.3 percent', 'share', 'number', 'employees', 'March', 'December', '10,662 people', '45.8 percent', '34,5 percent', 'beginning', 'February', 'capex', '16.4 percent', '2024', '109']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39545,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SEGRO-PLC-4007239/news/SEGRO-plc-Trading-Update-46463212/,SEGRO plc Trading Update,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:18 April 2024SEGRO plcTrading UpdateSEGRO plc today publishes a trading update for the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 March 20241.SummaryStrong growth in our rent roll during the first quarter  suppor…,Regulatory News:18 April 2024SEGRO plcTrading UpdateSEGRO plc (“SEGRO” or the “Group”) today publishes a trading update for the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 March 20241.SummaryStrong growth in our rent roll during the first quarter  supported by ongoing favourable occupier market dynamics.SEGRO has completed or unconditionally exchanged on £159 million of disposals so far in 2024  at prices above December 2023 book value. Market data shows industrial and logistics asset values are stabilising.SEGRO is well-placed to invest in profitable development with an average yield on cost of 7-8 per cent  with capacity for further attractive growth opportunities enhanced by the proceeds of our recent equity raise.David Sleath  Chief Executive  said:“2024 has started well for SEGRO. Our prime urban and big box portfolio and market-leading operating platform  supported by favourable occupier markets  have enabled us to sign £29 million of new headline rent during the first quarter. This was achieved through capturing rental uplift on lease renewals and rent reviews  as well as the signing of £17 million of new pre-let developments.“Market data is showing that industrial and logistics asset values are stabilising and potentially reaching a turning point. Although transaction volumes remain muted  we have disposed of £159 million of land and standing assets so far this year (including £134 million exchanged since the quarter end)  at prices above December 2023 book values  in line with our continued approach to disciplined capital allocation.“As stated in our Full Year 2023 results  our existing portfolio and land bank offer us the potential to grow our passing rents by more than 50 per cent over the next three years  through capturing embedded rent reversion  leasing vacant units and developing new space. The £907 million of new equity raised in February provides us with the capacity to pursue further attractive growth opportunities  both through development and asset acquisitions. This gives us confidence in our ability to deliver further compound growth in earnings and dividends during 2024 and beyond.”Financial calendarHalf Year 2024 results will be published on Friday 26 July 2024.1 In this statement  space is stated at 100 per cent  whilst financial figures are stated reflecting SEGRO’s share of joint ventures. Financial figures are stated for the period to  or at  31 March unless otherwise indicated. The exchange rate applied is €1.17:£1 as at 31 March 2024.2 Headline rent is annualised gross passing rent receivable once incentives such as rent-free periods have expired.3 Based on values as at 31 December 2023  adjusted for the equity placing  acquisitions  disposals and other capital expenditure during the first quarter.OPERATING SUMMARY & KEY METRICS Q1 2024 Q1 2023 ACTIVE ASSET MANAGEMENT CAPTURING RENTAL GROWTH AND INCREASING THE RENT ROLL (see Appendix): Occupier markets remain favourable  which has supported our ability to lease new space and grow rents in the standing portfolio through capturing embedded reversion. Occupancy decreased slightly since year end (31 December 2023: 95.0 per cent) due to speculative development completions but remains within our target range and customer retention remains high. Total new headline rent2 signed during the period (£m) 29 24 Pre-lets signed during the period (£m) 17 9 Uplift on rent reviews and renewals (%) Group 18 14 UK 21 18 CE 9 3 Occupancy rate (%) 94.5 95.7 Customer retention (%) 90 82 INVESTMENT ACTIVITY REMAINS DISCIPLINED AND FOCUSED ON SECURING PROFITABLE GROWTH: Most of our investment during the period was in our development programme (including the construction of two new data centres) with development capex for 2024  including infrastructure  still expected to be approximately £600 million. Development capex (including infrastructure) (£m) 99 138 Acquisitions (£m) - 130 Disposals (£m) 25 48 EXECUTING AND GROWING OUR PROFITABLE DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE: We signed a further £17 million of pre-lets during the first quarter. Development completions were lower  due to the timing of projects. Our development pipeline remains highly profitable with an average yield on cost in the current and near-term pipeline of 7.6 per cent and a yield on new money in excess of 10 per cent. Development completions year-to-date: – Space completed (sq m  at 100%) 78 200 173 300 – Potential rent (£m  at share) (Rent secured) 9 (57%) 11 (74%) Current development pipeline potential rent (£m) (Rent secured) 61 (73%) 68 (73%) Near-term development pipeline potential rent (£m) 3 16 BALANCE SHEET 31 Mar 24 31 Dec 23 LONG-TERM  DIVERSIFIED DEBT PROFILE PROVIDES CERTAINTY AND FLEXIBILITY We retain substantial liquidity and leverage remains modest. We have no material near-term refinancing requirements and a 6.7 year average debt maturity. The lower net debt figure reflects the £890 million net proceeds from the new equity raised in February. Net debt (£bn) 5.1 6.0 Cost of debt (%) 3.0 3.1 LTV3 (%) 29 34 Cash and available facilities (£bn) 2.8 1.9AppendixLeasing data for the period to 31 March (£m)1 2Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Take-up of existing space (A) 5 4 Space returned2 (B) (5) (5) NET ABSORPTION OF EXISTING SPACE (A-B) 0 (1) Other rental movements (rent reviews  renewals  indexation) (C) 6 7 RENT ROLL GROWTH FROM EXISTING SPACE 6 6 Take-up of developments completed in the period – pre-let space (D) 5 7 Take-up of speculative developments completed (E) 1 4 TOTAL TAKE UP (A+C+D+E) 17 22 Less take-up of pre-lets and speculative lettings signed in prior periods (5) (7) Pre-lets and lettings on speculative developments signed in the period for future delivery 17 9 RENTAL INCOME CONTRACTED IN THE PERIOD2 29 24 Take-back of space for redevelopment (1) (1)1 All figures reflect headline rent (annualised gross rental income  after the expiry of any rent-free periods)  exchange rates as at 31 March 2024 and include joint ventures at share.2 Excluding space taken back for redevelopment.This Trading Update  the most recent Annual Report and other information are available on the SEGRO website at www.segro.com/investors.Neither the content of SEGRO’s website nor any other website accessible by hyperlinks from SEGRO’s website are incorporated in  or form part of  this announcement.About SEGROSEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion at 31 December 2023  serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors. Its properties are located in and around major cities and at key transportation hubs in the UK and in seven other European countries.For over 100 years SEGRO has been creating the space that enables extraordinary things to happen. From modern big box warehouses  used primarily for regional  national and international distribution hubs  to urban warehousing located close to major population centres and business districts  it provides high-quality assets that allow its customers to thrive.A commitment to be a force for societal and environmental good is integral to SEGRO’s purpose and strategy. Its Responsible SEGRO framework focuses on three long-term priorities where the company believes it can make the greatest impact: Championing low-carbon growth  Investing in local communities and environments and Nurturing talent.See www.SEGRO.com for further information.Forward-Looking Statements: This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to SEGRO's expectations and plans  strategy  management objectives  future developments and performance  costs  revenues and other trend information. All statements other than historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations and all forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions  risk and uncertainty. Many of these assumptions  risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond SEGRO's ability to control or estimate precisely and which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Certain statements have been made with reference to forecast process changes  economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of SEGRO are based upon the knowledge and information available to Directors on the date of this announcement. Accordingly  no assurance can be given that any particular expectation will be met and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Additionally  forward-looking statements regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. The information contained in this announcement is provided as at the date of this announcement and is subject to change without notice. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations (including under the UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority)  SEGRO does not undertake to update forward-looking statements  including to reflect any new information or changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Past share performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit estimate or profit forecast. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in SEGRO plc or an invitation or inducement to engage in or enter into any contract or commitment or other investment activities.Neither the content of SEGRO's website nor any other website accessible by hyperlinks from SEGRO's website are incorporated in  or form part of  this announcement.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417557229/en/,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['SEGRO plc Trading Update', 'ACTIVE ASSET MANAGEMENT CAPTURING RENTAL GROWTH', 'Near-term development pipeline potential rent', 'material near-term refinancing requirements', 'Current development pipeline potential rent', 'DIVERSIFIED DEBT PROFILE PROVIDES', 'lower net debt figure', 'gross passing rent receivable', 'Total new headline rent2', 'favourable occupier market dynamics', 'two new data centres', '6.7 year average debt maturity', 'SEGRO plc Trading Update', 'attractive growth opportunities', 'logistics asset values', 'favourable occupier markets', 'Full Year 2023 results', 'next three years', 'Half Year 2024 results', 'SECURING PROFITABLE GROWTH', 'new pre-let developments', 'PROFITABLE DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE', 'market-leading operating platform', 'other capital expenditure', 'big box portfolio', 'recent equity raise', '£890 million net proceeds', 'speculative development completions', 'embedded rent reversion', '7-8 per cent', 'near-term pipeline', 'December 2023 book values', '2 Headline rent', 'rental uplift', 'Strong growth', 'Market data', 'compound growth', 'embedded reversion', 'year end', 'new equity', 'rent roll', 'rent reviews', 'asset acquisitions', 'new money', 'development programme', 'development capex', 'capital allocation', 'passing rents', 'Leasing data', 'existing portfolio', 'standing portfolio', 'average yield', '50 per cent', '100 per cent', '95.0 per cent', '7.6 per cent', '10 per cent', 'equity placing', 'new space', 'Regulatory News', 'first quarter', 'David Sleath', 'Chief Executive', 'prime urban', 'turning point', 'transaction volumes', 'standing assets', 'quarter end', 'continued approach', 'vacant units', 'Financial calendar', 'Friday 26 July', 'financial figures', 'joint ventures', 'exchange rate', 'rent-free periods', 'OPERATING SUMMARY', 'KEY METRICS', 'target range', 'customer retention', '16 BALANCE SHEET', 'substantial liquidity', 'available facilities', 'lease renewals', 'land bank', 'Occupancy rate', '90 82 INVESTMENT ACTIVITY', '31 December', '99 138 Acquisitions', 'April', 'Group', '1 January', '31 March', 'ongoing', 'disposals', 'prices', 'industrial', 'cost', 'capacity', 'signing', 'February', 'confidence', 'ability', 'earnings', 'dividends', 'statement', 'share', 'incentives', 'Appendix', 'Pre-lets', 'UK', 'DISCIPLINED', 'construction', 'infrastructure', '48 EXECUTING', 'timing', 'projects', 'excess', 'LONG-TERM', 'CERTAINTY', 'FLEXIBILITY', 'leverage', 'LTV3', 'Cash']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39546,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/segro-plc-trading-update-93CH-3383767,SEGRO plc Trading Update By Investing.com,SEGRO plc Trading Update,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:18 April 2024SEGRO plcTrading UpdateSEGRO plc (SEGRO or the Group) today publishes a trading update for the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 March 20241.SummaryStrong growth in our rent roll during the first quarter  supported by ongoing favourable occupier market dynamics.SEGRO has completed or unconditionally exchanged on £159 million of disposals so far in 2024  at prices above December 2023 book value. Market data shows industrial and logistics asset values are stabilising.SEGRO is well-placed to invest in profitable development with an average yield on cost of 7-8 per cent  with capacity for further attractive growth opportunities enhanced by the proceeds of our recent equity raise.David Sleath  Chief Executive  said:2024 has started well for SEGRO. Our prime urban and big box portfolio and market-leading operating platform  supported by favourable occupier markets  have enabled us to sign £29 million of new headline rent during the first quarter. This was achieved through capturing rental uplift on lease renewals and rent reviews  as well as the signing of £17 million of new pre-let developments.Market data is showing that industrial and logistics asset values are stabilising and potentially reaching a turning point. Although transaction volumes remain muted  we have disposed of £159 million of land and standing assets so far this year (including £134 million exchanged since the quarter end)  at prices above December 2023 book values  in line with our continued approach to disciplined capital allocation.As stated in our Full Year 2023 results  our existing portfolio and land bank offer us the potential to grow our passing rents by more than 50 per cent over the next three years  through capturing embedded rent reversion  leasing vacant units and developing new space. The £907 million of new equity raised in February provides us with the capacity to pursue further attractive growth opportunities  both through development and asset acquisitions. This gives us confidence in our ability to deliver further compound growth in earnings and dividends during 2024 and beyond.Financial calendarHalf Year 2024 results will be published on Friday 26 July 2024.1 In this statement  space is stated at 100 per cent  whilst financial figures are stated reflecting SEGRO's share of joint ventures. Financial figures are stated for the period to  or at  31 March unless otherwise indicated. The exchange rate applied is €1.17: £1 as at 31 March 2024.2 Headline rent is annualised gross passing rent receivable once incentives such as rent-free periods have expired.3 Based on values as at 31 December 2023  adjusted for the equity placing  acquisitions  disposals and other capital expenditure during the first quarter.OPERATING SUMMARY & KEY METRICS Q1 2024 Q1 2023 ACTIVE ASSET MANAGEMENT CAPTURING RENTAL GROWTH AND INCREASING THE RENT ROLL (see Appendix): Occupier markets remain favourable  which has supported our ability to lease new space and grow rents in the standing portfolio through capturing embedded reversion. Occupancy decreased slightly since year end (31 December 2023: 95.0 per cent) due to speculative development completions but remains within our target range and customer retention remains high. Total new headline rent2 signed during the period ( £m) 29 24 Pre-lets signed during the period ( £m) 17 9 Uplift on rent reviews and renewals (%) Group 18 14 UK 21 18 CE 9 3 Occupancy rate (%) 94.5 95.7 Customer retention (%) 90 82 INVES™ENT ACTIVITY REMAINS DISCIPLINED AND FOCUSED ON SECURING PROFITABLE GROWTH: Most of our investment during the period was in our development programme (including the construction of two new data centres) with development capex for 2024  including infrastructure  still expected to be approximately £600 million. Development capex (including infrastructure) ( £m) 99 138 Acquisitions ( £m) - 130 Disposals ( £m) 25 48 EXECUTING AND GROWING OUR PROFITABLE DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE: We signed a further £17 million of pre-lets during the first quarter. Development completions were lower  due to the timing of projects. Our development pipeline remains highly profitable with an average yield on cost in the current and near-term pipeline of 7.6 per cent and a yield on new money in excess of 10 per cent. Development completions year-to-date: “ Space completed (sq m  at 100%) 78 200 173 300 “ Potential rent ( £m  at share) (Rent secured) 9 (57%) 11 (74%) Current development pipeline potential rent ( £m) (Rent secured) 61 (73%) 68 (73%) Near-term development pipeline potential rent ( £m) 3 16 BALANCE SHEET 31 Mar 24 31 Dec 23 LONG-TERM  DIVERSIFIED DEBT PROFILE PROVIDES CERTAINTY AND FLEXIBILITY We retain substantial liquidity and leverage remains modest. We have no material near-term refinancing requirements and a 6.7 year average debt maturity. The lower net debt figure reflects the £890 million net proceeds from the new equity raised in February. Net debt ( £bn) 5.1 6.0 Cost of debt (%) 3.0 3.1 LTV3 (%) 29 34 Cash and available facilities ( £bn) 2.8 1.9AppendixLeasing data for the period to 31 March ( £m)1 2Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Take-up of existing space (A) 5 4 Space returned2 (B) (5) (5) NET ABSORPTION OF EXISTING SPACE (A-B) 0 (1) Other rental movements (rent reviews  renewals  indexation) (C) 6 7 RENT ROLL GROWTH FROM EXISTING SPACE 6 6 Take-up of developments completed in the period “ pre-let space (D) 5 7 Take-up of speculative developments completed (E) 1 4 TOTAL TAKE UP (A+C+D+E) 17 22 Less take-up of pre-lets and speculative lettings signed in prior periods (5) (7) Pre-lets and lettings on speculative developments signed in the period for future delivery 17 9 RENTAL INCOME CONTRACTED IN THE PERIOD2 29 24 Take-back of space for redevelopment (1) (1)1 All figures reflect headline rent (annualised gross rental income  after the expiry of any rent-free periods)  exchange rates as at 31 March 2024 and include joint ventures at share.2 Excluding space taken back for redevelopment.This Trading Update  the most recent Annual Report and other information are available on the SEGRO website at www.segro.com/investors.Neither the content of SEGRO's website nor any other website accessible by hyperlinks from SEGRO's website are incorporated in  or form part of  this announcement.About SEGROSEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion at 31 December 2023  serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors. Its properties are located in and around major cities and at key transportation hubs in the UK and in seven other European countries.For over 100 years SEGRO has been creating the space that enables extraordinary things to happen. From modern big box warehouses  used primarily for regional  national and international distribution hubs  to urban warehousing located close to major population centres and business districts  it provides high-quality assets that allow its customers to thrive.A commitment to be a force for societal and environmental good is integral to SEGRO's purpose and strategy. Its Responsible SEGRO framework focuses on three long-term priorities where the company believes it can make the greatest impact: Championing low-carbon growth  Investing in local communities and environments and Nurturing talent.See www.SEGRO.com for further information.Forward-Looking Statements: This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to SEGRO's expectations and plans  strategy  management objectives  future developments and performance  costs  revenues and other trend information. All statements other than historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations and all forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions  risk and uncertainty. Many of these assumptions  risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond SEGRO's ability to control or estimate precisely and which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Certain statements have been made with reference to forecast process changes  economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of SEGRO are based upon the knowledge and information available to Directors on the date of this announcement. Accordingly  no assurance can be given that any particular expectation will be met and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Additionally  forward-looking statements regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. The information contained in this announcement is provided as at the date of this announcement and is subject to change without notice. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations (including under the UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority)  SEGRO does not undertake to update forward-looking statements  including to reflect any new information or changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Past share performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit estimate or profit forecast. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in SEGRO plc or an invitation or inducement to engage in or enter into any contract or commitment or other investment activities.Neither the content of SEGRO's website nor any other website accessible by hyperlinks from SEGRO's website are incorporated in  or form part of  this announcement.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417557229/en/CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTOR / ANALYST AND MEDIA ENQUIRIES:SEGROSoumen Das (Chief Financial Officer)Tel: +44 (0) 20 7451 9110Claire Mogford (Head of Investor Relations)Tel: +44 (0) 20 7451 9048Gary Gaskarth (External Communications Manager)Tel: +44 (0) 20 7451 9069FTI Consulting (NYSE: )Richard Sunderland / Eve KirmatzisTel: +44 (0) 20 3727 1000Source: SEGRO plc,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.25,0.11,True,English,"['SEGRO plc Trading Update', 'Investing', 'ACTIVE ASSET MANAGEMENT CAPTURING RENTAL GROWTH', 'Near-term development pipeline potential rent', 'material near-term refinancing requirements', 'Current development pipeline potential rent', 'DIVERSIFIED DEBT PROFILE PROVIDES', 'lower net debt figure', 'gross passing rent receivable', 'Total new headline rent2', 'two new data centres', 'favourable occupier market dynamics', '6.7 year average debt maturity', 'SEGRO plc Trading Update', 'attractive growth opportunities', 'logistics asset values', 'favourable occupier markets', 'Full Year 2023 results', 'next three years', 'Half Year 2024 results', '90 82 INVES™ENT ACTIVITY', 'SECURING PROFITABLE GROWTH', 'new pre-let developments', 'PROFITABLE DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE', 'market-leading operating platform', 'other capital expenditure', 'big box portfolio', 'recent equity raise', '£890 million net proceeds', 'speculative development completions', 'embedded rent reversion', '7-8 per cent', 'near-term pipeline', 'December 2023 book values', '2 Headline rent', 'rental uplift', 'Market data', 'Strong growth', 'compound growth', 'embedded reversion', 'year end', 'new equity', 'rent roll', 'rent reviews', 'asset acquisitions', 'new money', 'development programme', 'development capex', 'capital allocation', 'passing rents', 'existing portfolio', 'standing portfolio', 'average yield', '50 per cent', '100 per cent', '95.0 per cent', '7.6 per cent', '10 per cent', 'equity placing', 'new space', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'first quarter', 'David Sleath', 'Chief Executive', 'prime urban', 'turning point', 'transaction volumes', 'standing assets', 'quarter end', 'continued approach', 'vacant units', 'Financial calendar', 'Friday 26 July', 'financial figures', 'joint ventures', 'exchange rate', 'rent-free periods', 'OPERATING SUMMARY', 'KEY METRICS', 'target range', 'customer retention', '16 BALANCE SHEET', 'substantial liquidity', 'available facilities', 'lease renewals', 'land bank', 'Occupancy rate', '31 December', '99 138 Acquisitions', 'LONDON', 'April', 'Group', '1 January', '31 March', 'ongoing', 'disposals', 'prices', 'industrial', 'cost', 'capacity', 'signing', 'February', 'confidence', 'ability', 'earnings', 'dividends', 'statement', 'share', 'incentives', 'Appendix', 'Pre-lets', 'UK', 'DISCIPLINED', 'investment', 'construction', 'infrastructure', '48 EXECUTING', 'timing', 'projects', 'excess', 'LONG-TERM', 'CERTAINTY', 'FLEXIBILITY', 'leverage', 'LTV3', 'Cash']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,investing.com
39547,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/18/2865096/0/en/Vallourec-progresses-its-holistic-balance-sheet-refinancing-with-successful-pricing-of-its-2032-Senior-Notes-offering.html,Vallourec progresses its holistic balance sheet refinancing with successful pricing of its 2032 Senior Notes offering,Vallourec progresses its holistic balance sheet refinancing with successful pricing of its 2032 Senior Notes offering  Meudon (France)  April 18  2024...,"Vallourec progresses its holistic balance sheet refinancing with successful pricing of its 2032 Senior Notes offeringMeudon (France)  April 18  2024 – Vallourec S.A.  (the “Company” and  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”)  a world leader in premium tubular solutions  announces today that it has successfully priced an offering of Senior Notes due 2032 (the “Notes”) in an aggregate principal amount of $820 million  which will be issued at par and will bear interest at a rate of 7.500% per annum. The offering of the Notes is expected to close on April 23  2024  subject to customary closing conditions.Upon completion  the proceeds from the offering of the Notes will be used  together with cash on hand  to (i) fund the redemption of the Company’s €1 023.4 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.5% senior notes due 2026 (the “Existing Notes”) and pay accrued and unpaid interest thereon  (ii) repay approximately €68 million outstanding under the Company’s existing state-guaranteed loans (PGE  prêts garantis par l’Etat) and pay accrued and unpaid interest thereon and (iii) pay fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing transactions  including fees and expenses incurred in connection with the offering.Following the completion of its refinancing  Vallourec will have holistically reconfigured its balance sheet via:Entry into a new 5-year €550 million multi-currency revolving credit facility (RCF) with a substantially diversified  global banking groupEntry into an upsized and extended 5-year $350 million ABL facility in the United StatesIssuance of the aforementioned 8-year $820 million 7.500% Senior Notes and redemption of its 8.5% Senior Notes due 2026Repayment of approximately €68 million of its €262 million PGE during the transaction and repayment of the remaining amount by December 31  2024Furthermore  Vallourec now maintains credit ratings with all three of the major ratings agencies. Next to its existing issuer rating with S&P  which has been upgraded once again and now stands at BB+  Outlook stable  Vallourec is pleased to welcome the addition of Moody’s and Fitch  which rate Vallourec Ba2  Outlook positive and BB+  Outlook positive  respectively.The pro forma effects of the transaction lead to a reduction of net debt compared to the reported net debt of €570 million as of December 2023.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer  declared: “I am extremely pleased with the results of this transaction and our overall balance sheet refinancing. This step further strengthens Vallourec's financial position and sustainably improves its cash flow generation. The completion of this transaction will give us both greater visibility and financial flexibility over the coming years.The New Vallourec plan  initiated in May 2022  resulted in an improvement of our operating results  and ultimately enabled us to reduce net debt  extend our debt maturities  maintain a very healthy liquidity profile and  importantly  improve Vallourec’ ongoing cash generation”.Cautionary StatementsThis announcement constitutes a public disclosure of inside information under Regulation (EU) 596/2014  as amended.This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Notes  nor shall it constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to whom  such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This press release is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The Notes and the guarantees thereof will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction  and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. In the United States  the offering will be made only to “qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in Rule 144A of the U.S. Securities Act) in compliance with Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made only to qualified investors pursuant to an exemption under Regulation EU 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation or an offer to the public.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the UK Prospectus Regulation or an offer to the public.The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended  the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.This press release has been prepared on the basis that any offer of in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of the Notes.The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and  therefore  offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.This press release has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the Notes in the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from a requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes.This press release is being distributed only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments and are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (ii) are high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  (iii) are outside the United Kingdom  or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This press release is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this press release relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.No money  securities or other consideration is being solicited  and  if sent in response to the information contained herein  will not be accepted.This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the applicable securities law. All statements other than statements of historical fact included herein are forward-looking statements. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “aim”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “can have”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “intend”  “may”  “plan”  “seek”  “should”  “will” “would” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Group’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which it will operate in the future. The Group therefore cautions against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements and information contained in this press release are made as of the date hereof  and the Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements or information  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  unless so required by applicable securities laws.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 15 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.com Press relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 805 65 10 10actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.45,0.54,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.29,0.23,True,English,"['holistic balance sheet refinancing', '2032 Senior Notes offering', 'successful pricing', 'Vallourec', 'new 5-year €550 million multi-currency revolving credit facility', '5-year $350 million ABL facility', 'diversified, global banking group', 'The New Vallourec plan', 'holistic balance sheet refinancing', 'overall balance sheet refinancing', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'customary closing conditions', 'pro forma effects', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'healthy liquidity profile', 'aggregate principal amount', 'existing state-guaranteed loans', 'existing issuer rating', 'major ratings agencies', 'cash flow generation', 'ongoing cash generation', 'Vallourec S.A.', 'credit ratings', 'UK Prospectus Regulation', '€262 million PGE', '2032 Senior Notes offering', 'Regulation S', 'S&P', 'Withdrawal) Act', 'remaining amount', 'Existing Notes', 'The Notes', 'securities laws', 'Regulation EU', 'successful pricing', 'world leader', 'tubular solutions', 'prêts', 'foregoing transactions', 'United States', 'net debt', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'financial position', 'greater visibility', 'financial flexibility', 'coming years', 'debt maturities', 'Cautionary Statements', 'inside information', 'press release', 'informational purposes', 'registration requirements', 'institutional buyers', 'Rule 144A', 'qualified investors', 'domestic law', 'European Union', '8.5% senior notes', '7.500% Senior Notes', 'unpaid interest', 'operating results', 'other jurisdiction', 'public disclosure', 'Meudon', 'France', 'Company', 'subsidiaries', 'premium', 'par', 'rate', 'annum', 'April', 'completion', 'proceeds', 'hand', 'redemption', 'accrued', 'Etat', 'pay', 'fees', 'expenses', 'connection', 'Entry', 'RCF', 'upsized', 'extended', 'Issuance', '8-year $820', 'December', 'BB+', 'Outlook', 'addition', 'Moody', 'Fitch', 'reduction', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'step', 'May', 'improvement', 'announcement', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'person', 'guarantees', 'exemption', 'compliance', 'reliance', 'offers', 'meaning', 'virtue']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,globenewswire.com
39548,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAUREL-4774/news/Maurel-Prom-Q1-2024-Activity-46462998/,Maurel & Prom: Q1 2024 Activity,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Maurel & Prom :M&P working interest production in Q1 2024: 38 305 boepd  an increase of 13% from Q4 2023M&P working interest oil production of 15 499 bopd in Gabon  up 8% from Q4 2023.M&P working interest oi…,Regulatory News:Maurel & Prom (Paris:MAU):M&P working interest production in Q1 2024: 38 305 boepd  an increase of 13% from Q4 2023 M&P working interest oil production of 15 499 bopd in Gabon  up 8% from Q4 2023. M&P working interest oil production of 4 634 bopd in Angola  an increase of 2% from Q4 2023. M&P working interest gas production of 76.9 MMcf/d in Tanzania  up 34% from Q4 2023. M&P working interest oil production of 5 353 bopd in Venezuela  stable compared to Q4 2023Sales of $212 million in Q1 2024  an increase of 13% from Q4 2023 Valued production of $153 million for the quarter  with an average oil sale price of $84.3/bbl  an increase of 2% from Q4 2023 ($83.0/bbl) Favourable impact of third-party oil trading ($39 million) and restatement of lifting imbalances and inventory revaluation ($11 million)With a positive net cash position for the first time since 2007  M&P is ideally positioned to grow and return the value created to shareholders Positive net cash position of $11 million at 31 March 2024  an improvement of $131 million over the quarter (net debt of $120 million at 31 December 2023) Dividend of €0.23 per share (approximately $50 million) proposed to be voted on at the M&P General Shareholders’ Meeting on 28 May 2024  for payment in JulyKey indicators for the first quarter of 2024Q12023 Q22023 Q32023 Q42023 Q12024 Change Q1 2024vs. Q12023 Q42023 M&P working interest production Gabon (oil) bopd 15 839 15 719 15 574 14 300 15 499 -2% +8% Angola (oil) bopd 3 424 4 097 4 341 4 534 4 634 +35% +2% Tanzania (gas) mmcfd 46.7 47.6 54.5 57.3 76.9 +65% +34% Total consolidated interests boepd 27 054 27 755 29 003 28 390 32 953 +22% +16% Venezuela (oil)1 bopd – – – 5 367 5 353 N/A -0% Group total boepd 27 054 27 755 29 003 33 757 38 305 +42% +13% Average sale price Oil $/bbl 75.2 74.0 83.4 83.0 84.3 +12% +2% Gas $/mmBtu 3.76 3.77 3.76 3.76 3.91 +4% +4% Sales Gabon $mm 105 106 124 107 109 +2% +2% Angola $mm 19 22 27 30 30 +58% +0% Tanzania $mm 18 18 13 19 14 -24% -26% Valued production $mm 142 147 164 156 153 +7% -2% Drilling activities $mm 5 6 6 6 9 Third-party oil trading $mm – – 26 – 39 Restatement of lifting imbalances and inventory revaluation $mm 42 -43 -1 26 11 Consolidated sales $mm 190 109 196 187 212 +12% +13%M&P’s working interest production in Q1 2024 was 38 305 boepd. The average oil sale price was $84.3/bbl for the period  an increase of 2% from Q4 2023 ($83.0/bbl).The Group’s valued production (income from production activities  excluding lifting imbalances and inventory revaluation) in Q1 2024 was $153 million.The restatement of lifting imbalances  net of inventory revaluation  had a positive impact of $11 million for the quarter. In addition  the Group recorded $39 million in sales from third-party oil trading.After incorporating the $9 million relating to drilling activities  consolidated sales for Q1 2024 stood at $212 million.Production activitiesGabonM&P’s working interest oil production (80%) on the Ezanga permit stood at 15 499 bopd for Q1 2024  an increase of 8% from Q4 2023.TanzaniaM&P’s working interest gas production (60%) on the Mnazi Bay permit was 76.9 mmcfd for Q1 2024  an increase of 34% from Q4 2023. This increase reflects the increase in M&P’s share from 48.06% to 60%; it should be also noted that the Group temporarily retained an 80% share in January 2024  i.e. in the period between the completion of the acquisition of Wentworth Resources at the end of December 2023 and TPDC’s exercising its call option at 20% at the end of January 2024.AngolaM&P’s working interest production from Blocks 3/05 (20%) and 3/05A (26.7%) was 4 634 bopd for Q1 2024  an increase of 2% from Q4 2023.VenezuelaM&P’s consolidated working interest oil production (40%) in the Urdaneta Oeste field stood at 5 353 bopd in Q1 2024  stable compared to Q4 2023. M&P marketed two cargoes on behalf of the mixed company during Q1 2024  generating $33 million in cash inflows (of which $17 million was received at 31 March 2024). Two more liftings are expected between April and May.Regardless of the status of General License 44 (“GL 44”) of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”)  which governs the temporary lifting of US sanctions on Venezuela and expires today  18 April 2024  M&P hopes and expects to be able to continue its activities in the country in accordance with the agreements signed with PdVSA in November 2023  under a new license  either general or specific; this situation should be clarified shortly.Financial positionFor the first time since 2007 and the completion of the sale of the M’Boundi field in Congo  the Group had a positive net cash position of $11 million at 31 March 2024  compared to a net debt position of $120 million at 31 December 2023.The cash position stood at $210 million at the end of March 2024. Available liquidity at 31 March 2024 was $277 million  including $210 million in cash and $67 million in undrawn RCF tranche.Gross debt amounted to $199 million at 31 March 2024  including $132 million of bank loan (excluding the $67 million in undrawn RCF tranche) and $68 million of shareholder loan. M&P repaid a total of $18 million in gross debt during the quarter ($14 million of bank loan and $4 million of shareholder loan).Français English pieds cubes pc cu ft cubic feet millions de pieds cubes par jour Mpc/j MMcf/d million cubic feet per day milliards de pieds cubes Gpc Bcf billion cubic feet baril B bbl barrel barils d’huile par jour b/j bopd barrels of oil per day millions de barils Mb MMBbls million barrels barils équivalent pétrole bep boe barrels of oil equivalent barils équivalent pétrole par jour bep/j boepd barrels of oil equivalent per day millions de barils équivalent pétrole Mbep mmboe million barrels of oil equivalentFor more information  please visit www.maureletprom.fr/en/This document may contain forecasts regarding the financial position  results  business and industrial strategy of Maurel & Prom. By nature  forecasts contain risks and uncertainties to the extent that they are based on events or circumstances that may or may not happen in the future. These forecasts are based on assumptions we believe to be reasonable  but which may prove to be incorrect and which depend on a number of risk factors  such as fluctuations in crude oil prices  changes in exchange rates  uncertainties related to the valuation of our oil reserves  actual rates of oil production and the related costs  operational problems  political stability  legislative or regulatory reforms  or even wars  terrorism and sabotage.Maurel & Prom is listed for trading on Euronext ParisSBF 120 – CAC Mid 60 – CAC Mid & Small – CAC All-Tradable – Eligible PEA-PME and SRDIsin FR0000051070 / Bloomberg MAU.FP / Reuters MAUP.PA_________________________1 The Group’s Venezuelan operations in the Petroregional del Lago mixed company (40% stake) are subject to joint control and are accounted for via the equity method under IFRS (sales are not consolidated  nor included in the average oil sale price)View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417796670/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.57,0.41,0.03,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Activity', 'Maurel', 'Prom', 'M&P working interest oil production', 'M&P working interest gas production', 'Q4 2023 M&P working interest production', 'M&P General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'average oil sale price', 'Average sale price Oil', 'positive net cash position', 'M’Boundi field', 'third-party oil trading', 'Urdaneta Oeste field', 'Foreign Assets Control', 'undrawn RCF tranche', 'net debt position', 'Total consolidated interests', 'Mnazi Bay permit', 'Valued production', 'production activities', 'positive impact', 'General License', 'Financial position', 'cash inflows', 'Ezanga permit', 'Gross debt', 'Regulatory News', 'Favourable impact', 'inventory revaluation', 'first time', 'Key indicators', 'Wentworth Resources', 'call option', 'two cargoes', 'mixed company', 'Two more', 'temporary lifting', 'US sanctions', 'new license', 'Available liquidity', 'bank loan', 'Drilling activities', 'Consolidated sales', 'first quarter', 'The Group', '2024 Change Q1', 'Q4 2023 Q1', 'Q1 2024', 'Maurel', 'Prom', 'Paris', '305 boepd', 'increase', '15,499 bopd', 'Gabon', '4,634 bopd', 'Angola', '76.9 MMcf', 'Tanzania', '5,353 bopd', 'Venezuela', 'restatement', 'imbalances', '31 March', 'improvement', '31 December', 'Dividend', '28 May', 'payment', 'July', 'Q2', 'Q3', 'mmBtu', 'period', 'income', 'addition', '80% share', 'January', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'TPDC', 'Blocks', '3/05A', 'behalf', 'liftings', 'April', 'status', 'GL', 'Office', 'OFAC', 'country', 'accordance', 'agreements', 'PdVSA', 'November', 'situation', 'Congo', '48.', '40']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39549,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/maurel--prom-q1-2024-activity-93CH-3383739,Maurel & Prom: Q1 2024 Activity By Investing.com,Maurel & Prom: Q1 2024 Activity,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Maurel & Prom (Paris:MAU):M&P working interest production in Q1 2024: 38 305 boepd  an increase of 13% from Q4 2023 M&P working interest oil production of 15 499 bopd in Gabon  up 8% from Q4 2023. M&P working interest oil production of 4 634 bopd in Angola  an increase of 2% from Q4 2023. M&P working interest gas production of 76.9 MMcf/d in Tanzania  up 34% from Q4 2023. M&P working interest oil production of 5 353 bopd in Venezuela  stable compared to Q4 2023Sales of $212 million in Q1 2024  an increase of 13% from Q4 2023 Valued production of $153 million for the quarter  with an average oil sale price of $84.3/bbl  an increase of 2% from Q4 2023 ($83.0/bbl) Favourable impact of third-party oil trading ($39 million) and restatement of lifting imbalances and inventory revaluation ($11 million)With a positive net cash position for the first time since 2007  M&P is ideally positioned to grow and return the value created to shareholders Positive net cash position of $11 million at 31 March 2024  an improvement of $131 million over the quarter (net debt of $120 million at 31 December 2023) Dividend of €0.23 per share (approximately $50 million) proposed to be voted on at the M&P General Shareholders' Meeting on 28 May 2024  for payment in JulyKey indicators for the first quarter of 2024Q12023 Q22023 Q32023 Q42023 Q12024 Change Q1 2024vs. Q12023 Q42023 M&P working interest production Gabon (oil) bopd 15 839 15 719 15 574 14 300 15 499 -2% +8% Angola (oil) bopd 3 424 4 097 4 341 4 534 4 634 +35% +2% Tanzania (gas) mmcfd 46.7 47.6 54.5 57.3 76.9 +65% +34% Total consolidated interests boepd 27 054 27 755 29 003 28 390 32 953 +22% +16% Venezuela (oil)1 bopd “ “ “ 5 367 5 353 N/A -0% Group total boepd 27 054 27 755 29 003 33 757 38 305 +42% +13% Average sale price Oil $/bbl 75.2 74.0 83.4 83.0 84.3 +12% +2% Gas $/mmBtu 3.76 3.77 3.76 3.76 3.91 +4% +4% Sales Gabon $mm 105 106 124 107 109 +2% +2% Angola $mm 19 22 27 30 30 +58% +0% Tanzania $mm 18 18 13 19 14 -24% -26% Valued production $mm 142 147 164 156 153 +7% -2% Drilling activities $mm 5 6 6 6 9 Third-party oil trading $mm “ “ 26 “ 39 Restatement of lifting imbalances and inventory revaluation $mm 42 -43 -1 26 11 Consolidated sales $mm 190 109 196 187 212 +12% +13%M&P's working interest production in Q1 2024 was 38 305 boepd. The average oil sale price was $84.3/bbl for the period  an increase of 2% from Q4 2023 ($83.0/bbl).The Group's valued production (income from production activities  excluding lifting imbalances and inventory revaluation) in Q1 2024 was $153 million.The restatement of lifting imbalances  net of inventory revaluation  had a positive impact of $11 million for the quarter. In addition  the Group recorded $39 million in sales from third-party oil trading.After incorporating the $9 million relating to drilling activities  consolidated sales for Q1 2024 stood at $212 million.Production activitiesGabonM&P's working interest oil production (80%) on the Ezanga permit stood at 15 499 bopd for Q1 2024  an increase of 8% from Q4 2023.TanzaniaM&P's working interest gas production (60%) on the Mnazi Bay permit was 76.9 mmcfd for Q1 2024  an increase of 34% from Q4 2023. This increase reflects the increase in M&P's share from 48.06% to 60%; it should be also noted that the Group temporarily retained an 80% share in January 2024  i.e. in the period between the completion of the acquisition of Wentworth Resources at the end of December 2023 and TPDC's exercising its call option at 20% at the end of January 2024.AngolaM&P's working interest production from Blocks 3/05 (20%) and 3/05A (26.7%) was 4 634 bopd for Q1 2024  an increase of 2% from Q4 2023.VenezuelaM&P's consolidated working interest oil production (40%) in the Urdaneta Oeste field stood at 5 353 bopd in Q1 2024  stable compared to Q4 2023. M&P marketed two cargoes on behalf of the mixed company during Q1 2024  generating $33 million in cash inflows (of which $17 million was received at 31 March 2024). Two more liftings are expected between April and May.Regardless of the status of General License 44 (GL 44) of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC)  which governs the temporary lifting of US sanctions on Venezuela and expires today  18 April 2024  M&P hopes and expects to be able to continue its activities in the country in accordance with the agreements signed with PdVSA in November 2023  under a new license  either general or specific; this situation should be clarified shortly.Financial positionFor the first time since 2007 and the completion of the sale of the M'Boundi field in Congo  the Group had a positive net cash position of $11 million at 31 March 2024  compared to a net debt position of $120 million at 31 December 2023.The cash position stood at $210 million at the end of March 2024. Available liquidity at 31 March 2024 was $277 million  including $210 million in cash and $67 million in undrawn RCF tranche.Gross debt amounted to $199 million at 31 March 2024  including $132 million of bank loan (excluding the $67 million in undrawn RCF tranche) and $68 million of shareholder loan. M&P repaid a total of $18 million in gross debt during the quarter ($14 million of bank loan and $4 million of shareholder loan).FranÃ§ais English pieds cubes pc cu ft cubic feet millions de pieds cubes par jour Mpc/j MMcf/d million cubic feet per day milliards de pieds cubes Gpc Bcf billion cubic feet baril B bbl barrel barils d'huile par jour b/j bopd barrels of oil per day millions de barils Mb MMBbls million barrels barils Ã©quivalent pÃ©trole bep boe barrels of oil equivalent barils Ã©quivalent pÃ©trole par jour bep/j boepd barrels of oil equivalent per day millions de barils Ã©quivalent pÃ©trole Mbep mmboe million barrels of oil equivalentFor more information  please visit www.maureletprom.fr/en/This document may contain forecasts regarding the financial position  results  business and industrial strategy of Maurel & Prom. By nature  forecasts contain risks and uncertainties to the extent that they are based on events or circumstances that may or may not happen in the future. These forecasts are based on assumptions we believe to be reasonable  but which may prove to be incorrect and which depend on a number of risk factors  such as fluctuations in prices  changes in exchange rates  uncertainties related to the valuation of our oil reserves  actual rates of oil production and the related costs  operational problems  political stability  legislative or regulatory reforms  or even wars  terrorism and sabotage.Maurel & Prom is listed for trading on Euronext ParisSBF 120 “ “ “ “ Eligible PEA-PME and SRDIsin FR0000051070 / Bloomberg MAU.FP / Reuters MAUP.PA_ _ _ _ _1 The Group's Venezuelan operations in the Petroregional del Lago mixed company (40% stake) are subject to joint control and are accounted for via the equity method under IFRS (sales are not consolidated  nor included in the average oil sale price)View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417796670/en/Maurel & PromPress  shareholder and investor relationsTel: +33 (0)1 53 83 16 45ir@maureletprom.frNewCapFinancial communications and investor relations/Media relationsLouis-Victor Delouvrier/Nicolas MerigeauTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 98 53/+33 (0)1 44 71 94 98maureletprom@newcap.euSource: Maurel & Prom,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.38,0.24,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Activity', 'Maurel', 'Prom', 'Investing', 'M&P working interest oil production', 'M&P working interest gas production', 'Q4 2023 M&P working interest production', ""M&P General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'average oil sale price', 'Average sale price Oil', 'positive net cash position', ""M'Boundi field"", 'third-party oil trading', 'Urdaneta Oeste field', 'Foreign Assets Control', 'undrawn RCF tranche', 'net debt position', 'Mnazi Bay permit', 'Total consolidated interests', 'Valued production', 'production activities', 'positive impact', 'General License', 'Financial position', 'cash inflows', 'Ezanga permit', 'Gross debt', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Favourable impact', 'inventory revaluation', 'first time', 'Key indicators', 'Wentworth Resources', 'call option', 'two cargoes', 'mixed company', 'Two more', 'temporary lifting', 'US sanctions', 'new license', 'Available liquidity', 'bank lo', 'Drilling activities', 'first quarter', 'Consolidated sales', 'The Group', '2024 Change Q1', 'Q4 2023 Q1', 'PARIS', 'Maurel', 'Prom', '305 boepd', 'increase', '15,499 bopd', 'Gabon', '4,634 bopd', 'Angola', '76.9 MMcf', 'Tanzania', '5,353 bopd', 'Venezuela', 'restatement', 'imbalances', '31 March', 'improvement', '31 December', 'Dividend', '28 May', 'payment', 'July', 'Q2', 'Q3', '1 bopd', 'mmBtu', 'period', 'income', 'addition', '80% share', 'January', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'TPDC', 'Blocks', 'behalf', 'liftings', 'April', 'status', 'GL', 'Office', 'OFAC', 'country', 'accordance', 'agreements', 'PdVSA', 'November', 'situation', 'Congo', '48.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,investing.com
39550,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERCIALYS-5135/news/Mercialys-2024-First-quarter-Activity-46470532/,Mercialys: 2024 First-quarter Activity,(marketscreener.com) Organic rental income growth of +4.6%2024 objectives confirmedhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERCIALYS-5135/news/Mercialys-2024-First-quarter-Activity-46470532/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240418,Organic rental income growth of +4.6% 2024 objectives confirmedRegulatory News:Vincent Ravat  Mercialys’ (Paris:MERY) Chief Executive Officer: “Mercialys continued building on its very robust business trends during the first quarter of 2024  with organic growth of +4.6%. The economic environment is stabilizing  with inflation easing and household consumption picking up strength. Alongside this  the Casino group’s divestment of the business operations of hypermarkets owned by Mercialys is expected to further strengthen the appeal of the Company’s sites  while improving its rental risk profile. Mercialys is therefore able to confirm its objectives for 2024  with net recurrent earnings per share growth of at least +2% and a dividend payout ratio to range from 75% to 95% of 2024 net recurrent earnings”.I. Very robust organic growth in invoiced rents of +4.6%During the first quarter of 2024  Mercialys recorded +4.6% organic growth. Invoiced rents came to Euro 45.5 million  up +4.5% from the first quarter of 2023  reflecting a virtually neutral scope effect for the quarter.(In thousands of euros) At March 31  2023 At March 31  2024 ChangeCurrent basis (%) ChangeLike-for-like basis (%) Invoiced rents 43 501 45 463 +4.5% +4.6% Lease rights 132 82 -37.9% Rental revenues 43 633 45 545 +4.4%The change in invoiced rents reflects the following factors:At March 31  2023 At March 31  2024 Indexation +3.6 pp +€1.5m +4.6 pp +€2.0m Contribution by Casual Leasing -1.1 pp -€0.5m +0.3 pp +€0.1m Contribution by variable rents +0.8 pp +€0.3m +0.7 pp +€0.3m Actions carried out on the portfolio -1.2 pp -€0.5m -0.7 pp -€0.3m Accounting impact of “Covid-19 rent relief” granted to retailers +0.9 pp +€0.4m -0.3 pp -€0.1m Growth (like-for-like) +3.0 pp +€1.3m +4.6 pp +€2.0m Asset acquisition and sales -2.7 pp -€1.2m 0.0 pp €0.0m Other effects -0.2 pp -€0.1m 0.0 pp €0.0m Growth (current basis) +0.2 pp +€0.1m +4.5 pp +€2.0mInvoiced rents benefited from positive indexation of +4.6% for the first quarter of 2024  factoring in the French commercial rent index (ILC) figures published in 2023 and specifically those for the second and third quarters (+6.60% and +5.97% respectively)  which represent nearly 70% of the indexation for 2024.The contributions from Casual Leasing and variable rents are up +0.3% and +0.7% respectively for the quarter  reflecting a positive underlying trend for the various sites and the good level of activity for retailers.The actions carried out on the portfolio are down -0.7%. The Company’s commitment to ensuring the continued sustainability of rents for its retailers  at a time when indexation remains high  while price effects seem to be stabilizing in terms of retailers’ activity  is reflected in a moderation of reversion levels. Mercialys is limiting the volatility of the vacancy rate and ensuring the sustainability of tenants within a partnership-based approach.During the first quarter  Mercialys maintained a positive trend for renewals and relettings  illustrated in particular by the deals signed with Sephora in Nîmes  Intersport in Marseille and Besançon  as well as the homeware retailer Kraft in Quimper.After factoring in the deferrals applicable under IFRS  lease rights and despecialization indemnities received over the period came to less than Euro 0.1 million for the first quarter of 2024.In view of these elements  rental revenues totaled Euro 45.5 million in the first quarter  up by nearly Euro +2 million (+4.4%) compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023.II. Retailer sales growth of +3.3%Footfall in Mercialys’ shopping centers is up +2.9% at end-March 2024  compared with +2.1% for the Quantaflow national index  outperforming the national benchmark index by +80bp  which reflects the attractive positioning of the Company’s centers.The takeover of the business operations of a large part of the hypermarkets  as presented below  is expected to drive an upturn in footfall at these stores  helping improve the perception of the shopping centers among visitors and retailers. These expectations are illustrated by the change in footfall at the Besançon hypermarket  whose operations were taken over by Intermarché in October 2023  where the strong increase in footfall following the banner transfer (+24.9% in November and +37.5% in December 2023) continued during the first quarter of 2024  with +37.1% growth.This positive trend for the sites is also reflected in the sales recorded by tenant retailers  up +3.3% at end-March 2024. This sales growth came to +2.3% at end-February 2024  while the national panel (FACT) recorded +1.6% growth over the same period  representing +70bp outperformance for the Company’s sites.The monthly sales figures reported by Mercialys’ retailers for March show very robust growth of +6 1%  perfectly aligned with the information published by Procos on April 8. The latter shows a +6.1% increase in activity levels for retailers in March  following -1.5% in January and +0.8% in February. This upturn needs to be confirmed  but several indicators are moving in the right direction  such as the slowdown in inflation and the increase in purchasing power  which are expected to positively impact household consumption over the coming months.Moreover  following the agreements signed by the Casino group with Intermarché  Auchan Retail and Carrefour  the retailers in the hypermarkets owned by Mercialys will change based on the following schedule:- Annemasse  Clermont-Ferrand  Fréjus  Gassin  Istres  Lanester  Marseille  Narbonneand Quimper : April 30  2024;- Aix  Angers  and Nîmes: May 31  2024;- Le Puy: date not yet confirmed.The Besançon hypermarket already switched to the Intermarché banner in October 2023.Mercialys’ economic rental exposure to food retail  on a pro forma basis at December 31  2023  would be as follows:- Auchan: 4.1%- Intermarché: 5.2%- Carrefour: 2.0%- Monoprix: 1.5%- Aldi: 0.2%- Lidl: 0.1%- Casino: 4.7%The residual exposure to Casino (Géant banner) corresponds to the five hypermarkets or supermarkets located in Corsica (3.6% of rental exposure) and the hypermarkets in Brest (0.6%) and Niort (0.5%). These sites were not included in the overall transactions and will be subject to individual discussions with food operators. The Casino group has not indicated any plans to close stores to date.Note that pending the potential divestment of business operations at these stores  Casino will continue to hold the leases. The leases for the portfolio in Corsica have an end date of June 2030  with a 3-year break option in June 2027  which would transfer the business operations to the landlord if it was exercised.The leases for the Brest and Niort hypermarkets have an end date of June 2027  with the 3-year option from June 2024 not exercised.To date  the Casino group is paying its rents in accordance with its contractual commitments.III. Proposed dividend of Euro 0.99 per shareAs announced on February 14 with the 2023 full-year earnings release  Mercialys’ Board of Directors will submit a proposal at the General Meeting on April 25  2024 for a dividend of Euro 0.99 per share for 2023  up +3.1% compared with the dividend for 2022.The proposed dividend corresponds to 85% of 2023 recurrent earnings and offers a particularly attractive yield of 5.8% on the NDV of Euro 17.1 per share at end-2023 and 9.9% on the year’s closing share price.This proposed dividend is based primarily on the distribution requirement with the SIIC tax status concerning exempt profits from:property rental or sub-letting operations (including dividends paid by the subsidiaries subject to the SIIC system)  i.e. Euro 0.86 per share;the distribution of exempt income recorded on the Company’s balance sheet for Euro 0.13 per share.The ex-dividend date would be April 29  2024  with the dividend to be paid on May 2  2024.MERCIALYS RENTAL REVENUES 2023 Mar 31  2023 Jun 30  2023 Sep 30  2023 Dec 31  2023 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Invoiced rents 43 501 87 910 132 183 177 495 43 501 44 408 44 272 45 312 Lease rights 132 254 395 515 132 122 141 119 Rental revenues 43 633 88 164 132 578 178 010 43 633 44 531 44 413 45 431 Change in invoiced rents +0.2% +2.1% +2.4% +2.8% +0.2% +4.1% +3.1% +4.0% Change in rental revenues +0.1% +2.0% +2.3% +2.7% +0.1% +3.9% +3.0% +3.9% 2024 Mar 31  2024 Jun 30  2024 Sep 30  2024 Dec 31  2024 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Invoiced rents 45 463 45 463 Lease rights 82 82 Rental revenues 45 545 45 545 Change in invoiced rents +4.5% +4.5% Change in rental revenues +4.4% +4.4%Appendix 1 - List of hypermarkets owned by MercialysSITES Current food operator Future food Scheduled transfer date operator ANNEMASE Casino Hyperfrais Intermarché Apr 30  2024 AIX-EN-PROVENCE Casino Hyperfrais Auchan May 31  2024 AJACCIO Géant Casino Géant Casino Not yet sold ANGERS Casino Hyperfrais Auchan May 31  2024 BESANCON Intermarché Intermarché Oct 15  2023 BREST Casino Hyperfrais Casino Hyperfrais Not yet sold CHAVILLE Monoprix Monoprix Not concerned CLERMONT FERRAND Casino Hyperfrais Intermarché Apr 30  2024 CORTE Casino Supermarché Casino Supermarché Not yet sold FREJUS Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 FURIANI Géant Casino Géant Casino Not yet sold GASSIN Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 GRENOBLE Monoprix Monoprix Not concerned ISTRES Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 LANESTER Casino Hyperfrais Carrefour Apr 30  2024 LE PUY Intermarché Carrefour Date not confirmed MARCQ-EN-BAROEUL Monoprix Monoprix Not concerned MARSEILLE-PDC Casino Hyperfrais Intermarché Apr 30  2024 NARBONNE Casino Supermarché Auchan Apr 30  2024 NIMES CAP COSTIERES Casino Hyperfrais Auchan May 31  2024 NIORT Casino Hyperfrais Casino Hyperfrais Not yet sold PORTO-VECCHIO Géant Casino Géant Casino Not yet sold PUTEAUX Monoprix Monoprix Not concerned QUIMPER Casino Hyperfrais Intermarché Apr 30  2024 TOGA Géant Casino Géant Casino Not yet soldSource: transfer notification letter receivedAppendix 2 - List of hypermarkets not owned that anchor Mercialys shopping centersSITES Current food operator Future food Scheduled transfer date operator AGEN Casino Hyperfrais Intermarché Apr 30  2024 ALBERTVILLE Intermarché Intermarché Oct 15  2023 ANGOULEME Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 ANNECY Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 ARLES Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 AURILLAC Casino Hyperfrais Casino Hyperfrais Not yet sold BRIVE Casino Hyperfrais Casino Hyperfrais Not yet sold CARCASSONNE Casino Hyperfrais Auchan May 31  2024 CHARTRES Casino Hyperfrais Intermarché Apr 30  2024 DIJON Casino Hyperfrais Casino Hyperfrais Not yet sold LE PORT Carrefour Carrefour Not concerned MANDELIEU Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 MARSEILLE-LA VALENTINE Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 MILLAU Intermarché Intermarché Oct 15  2023 MONTARGIS Casino Hyperfrais Carrefour Date not confirmed MONTAUBAN Super U Super U Not concerned MONTPELLIER Casino Hyperfrais Intermarché Date not confirmed MORLAIX Casino Hyperfrais Carrefour Apr 30  2024 PARIS MASSENA Casino Supermarché Intermarché Apr 30  2024 PARIS ST DIDIER Casino Supermarché Auchan Jul 1  2024 RENNES Super U Super U Not concerned RODEZ Super U Super U Not concerned SAINT BENOIT Carrefour Carrefour Not concerned SAINT PIERRE Carrefour Carrefour Not concerned SAINTE MARIE Intermarché Intermarché Not concerned SAINT-ETIENNE Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 TOULOUSE Casino Hyperfrais Auchan Apr 30  2024 TOURS Intermarché Intermarché Oct 15  2023 VALENCE Casino Supermarché Intermarché Date not confirmedSource: newspaper articles* * *This press release is available on www.mercialys.com.About MercialysMercialys is one of France’s leading real estate companies. It is specialized in the holding  management and transformation of retail spaces  anticipating consumer trends  on its own behalf and for third parties. At December 31  2023  Mercialys had a real estate portfolio valued at Euro 2.9 billion (including transfer taxes). Its portfolio of 2 038 leases represents an annualized rental base of Euro 175.5 million. Mercialys has been listed on the stock market since October 12  2005 (ticker: MERY) and has “SIIC” real estate investment trust (REIT) tax status. Part of the SBF 120 and Euronext Paris Compartment B  it had 93 886 501 shares outstanding at December 31  2023.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements regarding future events  trends  projects or targets. These forward-looking statements are subject to identified and unidentified risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to Mercialys’ Universal Registration Document available at www.mercialys.com for the year ended December 31  2023 for more details regarding certain factors  risks and uncertainties that could affect Mercialys’ business. Mercialys makes no undertaking in any form to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  nor to report new information  new future events or any other circumstances that might cause these statements to be revised.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240418681552/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.23,0.17,True,English,"['2024 First-quarter Activity', 'Mercialys', 'French commercial rent index', 'Organic rental income growth', 'Covid-19 rent relief', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'net recurrent earnings', 'dividend payout ratio', 'neutral scope effect', 'Quantaflow national index', 'national benchmark index', 'rental risk profile', 'robust business trends', 'Besançon hypermarket', 'positive underlying trend', 'monthly sales figures', 'robust organic growth', 'Retailer sales growth', 'Mercialys’ shopping centers', '+4.6% organic growth', 'Rental revenues', 'national panel', 'robust growth', 'positive trend', 'ILC) figures', 'homeware retailer', 'Regulatory News', 'Vincent Ravat', 'Paris:MERY', 'economic environment', 'household consumption', 'Casino group', 'business operations', 'share growth', 'Lease rights', 'following factors', 'Casual Leasing', 'Accounting impact', 'Asset acquisition', 'Other effects', 'third quarters', 'good level', 'price effects', 'reversion levels', 'vacancy rate', 'partnership-based approach', 'Nîmes', 'despecialization indemnities', 'attractive positioning', 'large part', 'banner transfer', '70bp outperformance', 'several indicators', 'right dire', 'first quarter', 'corresponding quarter', 'Current basis', 'activity levels', 'variable rents', 'positive indexation', 'continued sustainability', 'strong increase', 'same period', 'various sites', 'The Company', 'tenant retailers', 'Invoiced rents', 'retailers’ activity', '+37.1% growth', '+1.6% growth', '+6.1% increase', '2024 Indexation', '2024 objectives', 'inflation', 'strength', 'divestment', 'hypermarkets', 'appeal', 'thousands', 'euros', 'March', 'Change', 'Contribution', 'Actions', 'portfolio', 'second', 'commitment', 'time', 'terms', 'moderation', 'volatility', 'tenants', 'renewals', 'relettings', 'deals', 'Sephora', 'Intersport', 'Marseille', 'Kraft', 'Quimper', 'deferrals', 'IFRS', 'view', 'elements', 'Footfall', 'takeover', 'upturn', 'stores', 'perception', 'visitors', 'expectations', 'October', 'November', 'December', 'end-February', 'information', 'Procos', 'April', 'latter', 'January']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39551,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECOSLOPS-SA-20773281/news/Ecoslops-2023-annual-results-46471437/,Ecoslops : 2023 annual results,(marketscreener.com) Analytical presentation Considering the disposal of Ecoslops Provence  the analytical presentation of the consolidated income statement below takes into account the Group's new scope and isolates the non-recurring impact of costs relating…,"Paris  Avril 18  2024  7:30 pm - Ecoslops  the cleantech company that brings oil into the circular economy  announces its results for the year ended December 31  2023  as approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on April 18  2024.Disposal of Ecoslops Provence  enabling refocusing on profitable  forward-looking activitiesEBITDA 2023 breakeven on activities retained by the GroupISCC PLUS certification obtained for Ecoslops PortugalHighlights of the 2023 financial yearDisposal of Ecoslops Provence in progress at year-end and finalized on February 29  2024 as previously announced. As a result  the Group's consolidated net result has been heavily impacted by the now non-recurring Ecoslops Provence-related costs of €5.5M€.Satisfactory results in Portugal  with an EBITDA of 2.4M€  despite lower business volumes and oil prices than in 2022.Group refocused on Ecoslops Portugal and the development of the Scarabox®  profitable and growth-generating activitiesSavings plan in place for support functions to adjust to the new scope (-20%  i.e. -0.5M€)Consolidated income statement 2023 (in M€) - Analytical presentation(Based on audited financial statements  reports in progress)Considering the disposal of Ecoslops Provence  the analytical presentation of the consolidated income statement below takes into account the Group's new scope and isolates the non-recurring impact of costs relating to Ecoslops Provence and its disposal  amounting to (5.5)M€  namely:2022 2023 Annual loss Ecoslops Provence (2 2) (2 9) Provision for deconsolidation (1 8) Restructuring fees (0 7) Total (2 2) (5 5)31/12/2022 31/12/2023 Variation Refined products (P2R) 12 3 7 9 -4 4 Scarabox 0 3 0 0 -0 3 Port services & others 2 1 2 4 0 3 Total Turnover 14 7 10 3 -4 5 Gross Margin 9 0 7 0 -2 1 Gross Margin rate 61% 68% Personnel expenses -3 3 -3 1 0 2 Other expenses -3 7 -3 8 -0 1 Taxes -0 1 -0 2 -0 1 EBITDA 2 0 -0 1 -2 1 Depreciation / Provision -1 4 -1 5 -0 1 Financial result -1 1 -1 3 -0 2 Corporate tax 0 4 0 3 -0 1 Result before Restructuring / E. Provence -0 2 -2 6 -2 4 Result linked to Ecoslops Provence -2 2 -4 8 -2 6 Restructuring costs 0 0 -0 7 -0 7 Net result -2 4 -8 0 -5 7 Net result - Part for the Group -1 7 -7 3 -5 6Ecoslops Portugal's sales fell by 28%  from 14.4M€ in 2022 to 10.3M€in 2023. The Port Services business grew by 14%  to 2.4M€  while the Refined Products business recorded a drop in sales  from 12.3M€ in 2022 to 7.9M€ in 2023. This decline can be broken down into: -20% due to the volume effect  -19% due to the price effect (the average Brent price having fallen from €94/bbl in 2022 to €76/bbl in 2023) and +3% due to the product mix. Over the period  the unit produced 20 071 tonnes of refined products  compared with 24 509 tonnes in 2022  and sold 17 693 tonnes  compared with 22 165 tonnes the previous year. This drop in volume is essentially attributable to a shortage of inputs compared with 2022.Gross margin rose from 61% to 68%. This increase is due in part to the Refined Products business  whose margin rate rose from 60% to 61%  and in part to the business mix  with the share of port services in sales rising sharply.As a result  gross margin stands at 7M€  down 2.1M€ on 2022.Despite the inflationary context  the Group has contained its operating expenses. All indirect costs (personnel  rent  service providers  etc.) have been the subject of a savings plan that will result in a reduction of (0.5)M€ between 2022 and 2024.Based on the Group's new scope  EBITDA is close to breakeven  at (0.1)M€  down by 2.1M€ compared to 2022  entirely due to the decrease in gross margin.Net financial expense was a negative 1.3M€. This mainly comprises 1M€ of interest expense on the EIB loan.Corporate income tax amounted to 0.3M€  mainly comprising the research tax credit.Consolidated balance sheet at December 31  2023 (in M€)(Based on audited financial statements  reports in progress)As the contract for the sale of Ecoslops Provence was signed before year end  and its closing before the accounts’ approval by the Board of Directors  the contribution of Ecoslops Provence to the consolidated balance sheet is presented in the 2023 financial statements on a single  separate line ""Net assets Ecoslops Provence"".This has a major impact on balance sheet variations:31/12/2022 31/12/2023 Var. M€ Intangible assets 1 1 0 9 (0 2) Tangible assets 33 2 12 0 (21 2) Financial assets 0 8 2 4 1 6 Fixed assets 35 1 15 3 (19 8) Inventory 1 3 1 6 0 3 Trade receivables 4 0 1 6 (2 4) Other receivables 1 7 1 1 (0 6) Deferred tax asset 1 5 1 5 (0 0) Cash and cash equivalent 6 9 3 2 (3 7) Prepaid expenses 0 9 0 7 (0 2) Current assets 16 3 9 7 (6 6) Net asset Ecoslops Provence 9 1 9 1 Total Assets 51 4 34 1 (17 3) 31/12/2022 31/12/2023 Var. M€ Capital & Reserves 16 0 14 2 (1 8) Investing subsidy 1 5 1 4 (0 1) Minority shareholders (0 1) (0 8) (0 7) Net result - Part for the Group (1 8) (7 3) (5 5) Equity 15 6 7 5 (8 1) Conditional advance 0 8 0 8 0 0 Prov. for Risks & Charges 0 1 1 9 1 8 Financial debt 29 2 20 6 (8 6) Trade payables 4 0 2 0 (2 0) Social and tax liabilities 1 0 0 5 (0 5) Other payables 0 7 0 7 0 0 Current liabilities 5 7 3 2 (2 5) Total Liability & Equity 51 4 34 1 (17 3)Fixed assets fell by 19.8M€  comprising 20.4M€ due to the sale of Ecoslops Provence  1.3M€ for depreciation and amortization  0.4M€ for capital expenditure  and 1.6M€ for the reclassification of the receivable from Valtech Energy (previously classified under trade receivables and now under non-current financial assets).Current assets  excluding cash and cash equivalents  fell by 2.9M€  of which 1.3M€ related to the sale of Ecoslops Provence and 1.6M€ to the reclassification of the receivable from Valtech Energy as a financial fixed asset.As indicated above  a provision for contingencies and charges of 1.8M€ has been booked to cover the impact of Ecoslops Provence's exit from the scope of consolidation  set for January 1  2024.Financial debts amounted €20.6M€  down by 8.6M€ compared with 2022. This reduction is due  on the one hand  to accrued interest on European Investment Bank (""EIB"") debt (+0.9M€) and  on the other hand  to the sale of Ecoslops Provence (9.5M€)  all debt being taken over by the buyer as part of this sale.As the Group's scope and profile have been significantly impacted by the sale of Ecoslops Provence  Ecoslops SA and the EIB have entered into discussions to amend the terms and conditions of the existing financial agreements  taking into account the Group's updated cash flow generation capacities. As a reminder  8M€ of the 10M€ granted by the EIB were dedicated to finance Ecoslops Provence  a business sold at the beginning of 2024.Finally  current liabilities decreased by 2.5M€  of which 3.0M€ is attributable to the disposal of Ecoslops Provence and +0.5M€ to the increase in trade payables.Financial position and cashflowsAt December 31  2023  the Group had nearly 3.2M€ in cash  of which 2.4M€ was available (taking into account a 0.8M€ conditional advance on investment grants)  and net debt of 18.2M€ (vs. 23.2M€ at December 31  2022). Cashflow can be analyzed as follows:Exercice 2023 EBITDA (0 1) Restructuring costs (0 7) Corporate tax 0 3 Investment subsidy recognition (0 1) Operating working capital variance (0 4) Operating cashflow (1 0) Investments (0 4) Investing cashflow (0 4) Ecoslops Provence SHL (1 3) Loans (0 1) Interests paid (0 4) Financing cashflow (1 8) Cash variance (3 2) Opening cash balance 6 9 - Disposal Ecoslops Provence -0 4 Closing cash balance 3 2 Variance (3 2)Operating cashflow came to (1.0)M€  impacted by (0.7)M€ in non-recurring restructuring costs  relating in particular to the disposal of Ecoslops Provence. The negative change in WCR stems on the one hand from Ecoslops Portugal for (1.2)M€ (taking into account an import of slops carried out in December 2023) and on the other hand from Ecoslops SA for 0.8M€ (increase in trade payables linked to restructuring costs incurred).Financing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of 1.8M€  mainly comprising a 1.3M€ current account contribution to Ecoslops Provence (a non-recurring outflow considering the sale of Ecoslops Provence in February 2024) and 0.4M€ in interest on borrowings.The closing of the sale of Ecoslops Provence took place on February 29  2024  when Ecoslops SA received payment of 8M€. Part of this payment gave rise  on the same day  to a repayment of sums due to the EIB in respect of 2023  amounting to 1.9M€ (0.5M€ in amortized capital and 1.4M€ in interest and royalty fees). On completion of this transaction  Ecoslops SA's net debt was 10.3M€  halved compared with December 31  2022  and its free cash position was 7.2M€.Strategy and developmentsEcoslops  now refocused on its historic Sines business and the development of the Scarabox®  now has the financial and human resources to match its roadmap.SinesThe Portuguese unit's business is correlated to oil prices and supplies  and generates an average EBITDA of 2.2M€/year. The subsidiary is financially autonomous and raises its own financing.As the concession in the Port of Sines is due to expire at the end of 2027  discussions have already begun to anticipate its renewal  with a possible extension to 2037.The recently obtained ISCC PLUS certification is also a very positive factor insofar as many customers are looking for products with this sustainability label.Scarabox®This business  born of repeated requests from numerous prospects over the years  got off to a slower start than expected. After the construction and delivery of the first unit for Valtech Energy in Cameroon  assembly and start-up work was hampered by a lack of local human and financial resources. Ecoslops  for its part  was faced at the same time with the difficulties of Ecoslops Provence  and was unable to make up for these delays. The refocusing of Ecoslops means that the necessary technical and financial resources can now be dedicated to this activity.As regards Ivory Coast  a letter of intent was signed at the beginning of the year between Ecoslops  Parlym and SIR (Ivory Coast’s national refinery with a capacity of 4 million tonnes)  under which SIR is to take a 5% stake in the local company and be given a directorship.To sum up  Ecoslops  having refocused on profitable  forward-looking activities and aligned its costs accordingly  is now focused on successfully completing the next stages of its plan  namely:- Structured  long-term renegotiation of the EIB facility (nominal 9.5M€  initial maturity 2027)- Renewal of the concession in the Port of Sines with GALP- Securing medium-term supplies for the Sines plant- Development of the Scarabox® (Cameroon  Ivory Coast  other prospects...)GouvernanceThe Board of Directors is made up of members with seniority and experience of the Group's activities and issues  and of its sector. It has made a significant contribution to the strategic decisions taken in 2023  and has supported management in the execution of its decisions. It is therefore important for the Group to be able to count on the continuity of this Board. Accordingly  at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting on June 11  shareholders will be asked to renew  without further nomination  the mandates which expire on that date  with the exception of that of Mr. Bindschedler  who is not standing for renewal.ESGOn June 2  2023  the Group published its fourth sustainability report  covering the 2022 financial year.The Group's commitment to continuous improvement is illustrated by the further rise in its ESG 2023 rating for 2022 from the Ethifinance ESG Campaign (formerly Gaïa Research). The company confirms its performance  now ranked 24th/310 (vs. 39th/371 in the previous campaign) in the general panel  10th/416 in the panel of companies with sales of less than 150M€ (vs. 14th/126 in the previous campaign) and 4th/272 in the industry panel (vs. 7th/76 for 2021).In addition  the Solar Impulse Foundation's ""Efficient Solution"" label  focused on promoting efficient  cost-effective solutions to protect the environment  was successfully renewed in January 2024.Finally  in December 2023  Ecoslops Portugal obtained ISCC PLUS certification for all its refined production. This certification attests the product compliance with sustainability and traceability requirements  and is recognized by all stakeholders for recycled products.Outlook for 2024In 2024  Ecoslops Portugal forecasts production of 24 500 tonnes  representing sales of around 13M€ (including port services) based on current Brent prices.In 2024  Ecoslops also aims to contract the sale of a new Scarabox in Ivory Coast.Financial AgendaAnnual General Meeting: June 11  2024Publication of 1st half 2024 sales: July 15  2024Publication of half-year results: September 26  2024ABOUT ECOSLOPSEcoslops is listed on Euronext Growth in ParisCode ISIN: FR0011490648 - Ticker: ALESA / PEA-PME eligibleInvestor Relations: ir@ecoslops.com - +33 (0)1 83 64 47 43Ecoslops is the cleantech that brings oil into the circular economy thanks to an innovative technology allowing the company to upgrade oil residues and used lub oil into new fuels and light bitumen. The solution proposed by Ecoslops is based on a unique micro-refining industrial process that transforms these residues into commercial products that meet international standards. Ecoslops offers an economic and more ecological solution to port infrastructure  waste collectors and ship-owners through its processing plants.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.24,0.46,True,English,"['2023 annual results', 'Ecoslops', 'Annual loss Ecoslops Provence', 'recurring Ecoslops Provence-related costs', 'The Port Services business', 'Net asset Ecoslops Provence', 'Deferred tax asset', 'ISCC PLUS certification', 'lower business volumes', 'single, separate line', 'balance sheet variations', 'research tax credit', 'Variation Refined products', 'Refined Products business', 'average Brent price', 'Consolidated balance sheet', 'Corporate income tax', 'Consolidated income statement', 'Net financial expense', 'profitable, forward-looking activities', 'Gross Margin rate', 'Corporate tax', 'business mix', 'price effect', 'interest expense', 'Net assets', 'E. Provence', 'indirect costs', 'financial statements', 'Financial assets', 'Financial debt', 'Ecoslops Portugal', 'net result', 'cleantech company', 'circular economy', 'growth-generating activities', 'Savings plan', 'support functions', 'new scope', 'Analytical presentation', 'non-recurring impact', 'Total Turnover', 'Other expenses', 'product mix', 'inflationary context', 'operating expenses', 'service providers', 'EIB loan', 'accounts’ approval', 'major impact', 'Intangible assets', 'Fixed assets', 'Trade receivables', 'Other receivables', 'Prepaid expenses', 'Current assets', 'Total Assets', 'Investing subsidy', 'Minority shareholders', 'Conditional advance', 'Restructuring costs', '2023 financial year', 'Financial result', 'previous year', 'year end', 'Restructuring fees', 'Satisfactory results', 'oil prices', 'Personnel expenses', 'volume effect', 'negative 1.3M', 'M€ Capital', 'Var. M€', '0.5)M', '0.3M', 'Paris', 'Avril', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'April', 'Disposal', 'EBITDA', 'Group', 'Highlights', 'progress', 'year-end', 'February', 'development', 'place', 'reports', 'Provision', 'deconsolidation', 'P2R', 'Scarabox', 'others', 'Taxes', 'Depreciation', 'Part', 'sales', 'drop', 'decline', 'period', 'unit', '20,071 tonnes', '24,509 tonnes', '17,693 tonnes', '22,165 tonnes', 'shortage', 'inputs', 'increase', 'subject', 'reduction', 'decrease', '1M€', 'contract', 'closing', 'contribution', 'Inventory', 'Cash', 'Reserves', 'Equity', 'Risks', 'Charges', '7:30', '14.', '2.1']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39552,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORVIA-EX-FAURECIA-4647/news/FIRST-QUARTER-2024-SALES-46462981/,FIRST-QUARTER 2024 SALES,(marketscreener.com)   NANTERRE APRIL 18  2024 FIRST-QUARTER 2024 SALES Q1 2024 SALES OUTPERFORMANCE OF 390bps TO REACH €6.531bnROBUST ORDER INTAKE OF €6.5bn  UP €1bn vs. Q1 2023 in €m Q1 2023Currency effectOrganic growthScope effectQ1 2024Reported changeGrou…,"NANTERRE (FRANCE)APRIL 18  2024FIRST-QUARTER 2024 SALESQ1 2024 SALES OUTPERFORMANCE OF 390bps TO REACH €6.531bnROBUST ORDER INTAKE OF €6.5bn  UP €1bn vs. Q1 2023in €m Q1 2023 Currency effect Organic growth Scopeeffect Q1 2024 Reported change Group sales 6 644 -281 206 -38 6 531 -1.7% % of last year's sales -4.2% +3.1% -0.6% Worldwide auto. prod.* (m units) 21 365 -0.8% 21 195 Outperformance (bps) 390 * Source: S&P Global Mobility dated April 2024·SALES ORGANIC GROWTH OF +3.1%  REFLECTING OUTPERFORMANCE IN ALL BUSINESS GROUPS  NOTABLY CLEAN MOBILITY AND INTERIORSo By region  Group’s outperformance was driven by North America.o Excluding negative geographical mix of 140bps  outperformance stood at 530bps.·BUILDING FURTHER MOMENTUM ON SALES AND SUSTAINABILITYRobust and selective order intake of €6.5 billion in Q1 2024 vs. €5.5 billion in Q1 2023  mostly driven by Asia.o New strategic joint venture with Chery in China in the field of smart and sustainable cockpit with the ambition to reach €1 billion in 2029.o New developments for MATERI’ACT with the signing of two key partnerships in the US and China to promote recycled compounds and new materials.·FOCUS ON DELEVERAGING AND DEBT MANAGEMENTo Circa 25% of the second €1 billion disposal program already achieved through the closing of the sale by FORVIA HELLA of its 50% stake in BHTC and the agreement to sell Hug Engineering for an enterprise value of c. €55m.o Issuance of €1.2bn of new debt instruments to replace significant part of 2024 and 2025 maturities by 2029 and 2031 maturities.·FY 2024 GUIDANCE CONFIRMED  ON TRACK TO REACH POWER 2025 AMBITIONPatrick KOLLER  Chief Executive Officer of FORVIA  declared:“The first quarter demonstrated our capability to grow organically in a market that dropped by 0.8% during the period and characterized by the temporary slowdown in electrification in Europe. This contributed to a solid outperformance of 530bps  excluding the unfavorable geographical mix.During the period  FORVIA recorded an order intake of €6.5 billion  an increase of c. €1 billion versus Q1 2023. It was largely driven by key awards in Asia  where the Group also signed a new major strategic partnership with Chery  a key Chinese technology-driven partner in the field of smart and sustainable cockpit designed for safe  sustainable  and customized end-user experiences.Since the start of the year  we also made significant progresses in the execution of our second one-billion-euro disposal program with the closing of a first transaction and the signing of second one  which combined represent circa 25% of the targeted amount of cash proceeds. It highlights our unwavering commitment towards the accelerated deleveraging of the Group  our clear top priority.From a financial point of view  leveraging on the trust on FORVIA’s signature  we were able to issue new long-term debts that allowed us to repay short-term debts and extend our maturity profile.Reflecting our strong focus on sustainability  which is core to our strategy and innovation  MATERI’ACT  our company dedicated to sustainable materials  signed two significant partnerships in the US and China.Lastly  the Group has started to deploy its five-year EU-FORWARD project  which aims at fully restoring competitiveness in Europe.FORVIA is fully mobilized towards the execution of its POWER25 plan and confirms its 2024 guidance.”The Board of Directors  under the chairmanship of Michel de ROSEN  met on April 17 and reviewed the present press release.All financial terms used in this press release are explained at the end of this document  under the section “Definitions of terms used in this document”.All figures related to worldwide or regional automotive production refer to the S&P Global Mobility forecast dated April 2024.ROBUST ORDER INTAKE OF €6.5BN IN Q1 2024 (VS. €5.5BN IN Q1 2023)FORVIA recorded a robust order intake in Q1 2024  totaling €6.5 billion  while pursuing its commercial selectivity aiming at generating an average operating margin above 7% with reduced upfront costs.The Group reinforced its momentum in fast-growing segments:Electronics represented 36% of the order intake represented 36% of the order intake  Order intake with Premium models was close to €2 billion  including a major conquest with a premium German OEM in Seating was close to €2 billion  including a major conquest with a premium German OEM in Seating  Awards in Asia represented €3.6 billion  a majority of which being signed with fast-growing Chinese OEMs  such as BYD and Li Auto.CHERY AND FORVIA DEEPEN STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP WITH A FIRST JOINT VENTURE ON SMART AND SUSTAINABLE COCKPITOn April 11  2024  FORVIA signed a JV agreement with the leading Chinese automaker Chery to deepen cooperation in the field of smart and sustainable cockpit.FORVIA and Chery will establish a “Cockpit of the Future” JV in Wuhu to design  develop  manufacture  and supply the full cabin scope related systems and modules including seats  interiors and cockpit electronics with low CO 2 emission materials and processes.It is the first Joint Venture of that kind in China and will be consolidated by FORVIA with a sales ambition of € 1bn by 2029.It will include an R&D center dedicated to industrial design and cockpit integration capabilities  enabling both FORVIA and Chery to offer disruptive  sustainable  and competitive consumer experiences.The JV plans to launch two production sites in H1 2024 to support Chery fast growth.FURTHER MILESTONES ON SUSTAINABILITYMATERI’ACT  FORVIA’s company dedicated to sustainable materials  signed two significant partnerships since the start of the year in North America and China.In January  MATERI’ACT created MATERI’ACT Dallas  a JV set up with PCR Recycling  to accelerate the development and delivery of recycled compounds for sustainable automotive products with up to 85% CO 2 reduction in 2030.This JV combines the strength of each of its parent companies  PCR Recycling bringing its capacities in feedstock access and recycling  and MATERI’ACT bringing its expertise in refining  adaptative formulations  compounding  and post processing capabilities.It is expected to help spark demand in North America for use of recycled plastics in automotive and other industries.In April  MATERI’ACT joined forces with GREE Green Recycle Resource to promote new materials and applications for a low CO 2 economy in China.MATERI’ACT and GREE Green Recycle Resources  a company of GREE Electric Appliances  will set up by the end of 2024 joint-ventures to develop  manufacture and sell recycled plastics.The objective is to create a best-in-class sustainable material offer  with a sales target of 150 000 tons of compound by 2030. This for the automotive  home appliances and other industrial sectors.PROGRESS IN THE EXECUTION OF THE GROUP’S SECOND €1 BILLION ASSET DISPOSAL PROGRAMSince the start of the year  FORVIA made good progress in the execution of its second €1 billion disposal program with the closing of the disposal by FORVIA HELLA of its stake in BHTC and the signing of an agreement to sale Hug Engineering. The two transactions represent c. 25 % of total contemplated proceeds.On April 2  FORVIA HELLA announced the closing of the sale of its 50% stake in BHTC to AUO Corporation. This transaction represented net cash proceeds of €205 million.On April 15  FORVIA announced that the signing of the transfer of its fully owned subsidiary Hug Engineering  a major player in depollution systems for high horsepower engines within the Clean Mobility division  to OGECAR. Expected cash proceeds should represent around €50 million and closing is expected by the end of H1 2024.These transactions together represent c. €250 million of cash proceeds  representing c. 25% of the second disposal program for €1 billion that was announced by FORVIA in October 2023  designed to accelerate the Group’s deleveraging and further simplifying the Group’s portfolio.The execution of the second disposal program for €1 billion will contribute to improve the Groups’ Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio objective beyond the below 1.5x objective  that was part of the POWER25 plan presented at the Capital Markets Day in November 2022.ACTIVE DEBT MANAGEMENT AND EXTENSION OF GROUP AVERAGE MATURITYThe Group issued cumulated amount of €1.2 billion of new debt instruments essentially maturing in 2029 and 2031. The proceeds were used to buy back 2025 and 2026 maturities  as well as refinance a 2024 bond  thus extending the Group average debt maturity.During the first quarter  FORVIA issued a one billion euros senior bond  consisting of €500 million 5.125% senior notes due 2029 and €500 million 5.50% senior notes due 2031. Taking into consideration the interest rate pre-hedging arrangement executed in December 2023 and January 2024  the economic yield of the new notes amounts to 4.96% for the notes due 2029 and 5.37% for the notes due 2031.An associated tender allowed to buy back €800 million of the Group’s existing maturities  consisting of c. €580 million of its 2.625% senior notes due 2025 and €220 million of its 7.250% sustainability-linked notes due 2026  which have now been cancelled. FORVIA intends to use the remaining net proceeds to repay certain outstanding indebtedness.FORVIA HELLA also placed a €200 million Schuldschein with terms of 3  5 and 7 years  aiming at refinancing a bond maturing in May 2024.These transactions reflect the market’s trust on FORVIA’s signature and allowed FORVIA to extend its average debt maturity.Q1 2024 MARKET ENVIRONMENTWorldwide automotive production in Q1 was down by 0.8% at 21.2 million Light Vehicles (source: S&P dated April 2024).In FORVIA’s main regions  trends were as follows:Europ e ex. Russia (47% of Group sales in Q1): production was down 4.7% at 4.2 million LVs (47% of Group sales in Q1): North America (24% of Group sales in Q1): production was up 1.4% at 3.9 million LVs  (24% of Group sales in Q1):   China (19% of Group sales in Q1): production was up 4.3% at 6.1 million LVs.Q1 2024 SALES AT GROUP LEVELin €m Q1 2023 Currency effect Organic growth Scopeeffect Q1 2024 Reported change Group sales 6 644 -281 206 -38 6 531 -1.7% % of last year's sales -4.2% +3.1% -0.6% Worldwide auto. prod.* (m units) 21 365 -0.8% 21 195 Outperformance (bps) 390 * Source: S&P Global Mobility dated April 2024In Q1 2024  consolidated sales amounted to €6 531 million: -1.7% on a reported basis and +3.1% on an organic basis  representing an outperformance of 390bpsSales change included a significant negative currency effect of €281 million or-4.2% of last year’s sales  more than half of which being imputable to the Argentinian peso and the Turkish lira.Negative net impact of the scope of consolidation was €38 million. It included: A negative impact of €116 million related to the disposal of CVI’s activities in North America and Europe that was closed on October 2  2023  A positive impact of €78 million related to the consolidation as of January 1 st   2024  of HBBL  a joint venture in Lighting held by FORVIA HELLA in China (previously consolidated by the equity method).Organic growth amounted €206 million or +3.1% of last year’s sales  representing an outperformance of 390bps compared to worldwide automotive production that was down 0.8% during the period.Out of the 390bps:c. +530bps came from volumes  mix and pricing  c.-140bps came from negative regional mix.All Business Groups recorded an outperformance vs. market production.Q1 2024 SALES BY BUSINESS GROUPin €m Seating Interiors Clean Mobility Electronics Lighting Lifecycle Sol. GROUP Q1 2023 2 036 1 188 1 209 1 009 922 280 6 644 Currency effect -81 -48 -92 -30 -19 -10 -281 % of last year's sales -4.0% -4.1% -7.6% -3.0% -2.1% -3.4% -4.2% Organic growth 21 57 82 31 12 3 206 % of last year's sales 1.0% 4.8% 6.8% 3.1% 1.3% 1.1% 3.1% Outperformance (bps) 180 560 760 390 210 190 390 Scope effect -116 78 -38 % of last year's sales -9.6% 8.5% -0.6% Q1 2024 1 976 1 196 1 082 1 010 994 273 6 531 Reported change -2.9% 0.7% -10.5% 0.1% 7.7% -2.4% -1.7% * Source: S&P dated April 2024SEATING (30% of Group consolidated sales in the period)Seating posted organic growth of 1.0%  an outperformance of 180bps. Excluding the lost sales of c. €40 million due to the voluntary exit from the loss-making program in Highland Park (Michigan  USA) on September 30  2023  the activity recorded organic growth of 3.0%  a clear outperformance vs. the market. This performance reflected:High double-digit sales increase in North America  despite the exit of Highland Park  mostly driven by Ford A single-digit sales decrease in China  as rapid growth with other Chinese OEMs (such as Li Auto) and with German premium carmakers did not fully offset sales drop with BYD A sales drop in Europe  as a few ends of production were not compensated by slower than expected starts of production.INTERIORS (18% of Group consolidated sales in the period)Interiors posted organic growth of 4.8%  an outperformance of 560bps  driven by strong outperformance in China and Europe:In Europe  the business grew high single-digit  notably driven by Renault and JLR In China  business grew in the high teens  thanks to strong activity with several Chinese OEMs Organic sales rose slightly in North America  driven by GM.CLEAN MOBILITY (17% of Group consolidated sales in the period)Clean Mobility posted an organic growth of 6.8%  an outperformance of 760bps  which reflected market share gains and the slowdown in the pace of electrification in some markets  notably in Europe.By region  the performance reflected:Slight organic growth in Europe driven by Renault  VW and Ford Mid-single-digit growth in North America driven by Ford Decline in China  as electrification continues to gain momentum.ELECTRONICS (16% of Group consolidated sales in the period)Electronics posted an organic growth of 3.1%  an outperformance of 390bps  driven by Clarion Electronics.By geography  the activity registered:Good momentum in Asia with Japanese OEMs Low single-digit growth in North America  driven by Ford and Nissan-Mitsubishi A slight decline in Europe  where HELLA Electronics was penalized by a slowdown in the pace of electrification.LIGHTING (15% of Group consolidated sales in the period)Lighting posted an organic growth of 1.3%  representing an outperformance of 210bps. Excluding currency effect  growth stood at 9.8% thanks to the consolidation by FORVIA HELLA of HBBL  a joint venture that was previously accounted for by the equity method.By geography  growth was driven by:Low single-digit growth in Europe  mostly driven by VW Mid-single-digit growth in North America  driven by ramp-up of new programs.LIFECYCLE SOLUTIONS (4% of Group consolidated sales in the period)Organic growth of 1.1% mainly reflected continuous growth in the spare part business in Europe. In the commercial vehicle activity  weakness in the Agriculture and Trailer segments was partially offset by growth in the Truck and Bus segment.Q1 2024 SALES BY REGIONin €m EMEA AMERICAS ASIA GROUP Q1 2023 3 245 1 751 1 648 6 644 Currency effect -69 -112 -100 -281 % of last year's sales -2.1% -6.4% -6.1% -4.2% Organic growth 3 214 -12 206 % of last year's sales 0.1% 12.2% -0.7% 3.1% Regional auto prod.* (m units) -1.6% 0.3% -0.9% -0.8% Outperformance (bps) 170 1 190 20 390 Scope effect -45 -72 78 -38 % of last year's sales -1.4% -4.1% 4.8% -0.6% Q1 2024 3 135 1 782 1 615 6 531 Reported change -3.4% 1.7% -2.0% -1.7% * Source: S&P dated April 2024EMEA (48% of Group consolidated sales in the period)In Europe excluding Russia (representing over 97% of the region)  sales declined marginally by 0.3%  while automotive production was down 4.7%.Outperformance of 440bps was mainly attributable to Interiors and  to a lesser extent  Lighting and Clean Mobility.AMERICAS (27% of Group consolidated sales in the period)In North America (representing c. 90% of the region)  sales grew organically by 6.8%  while automotive production was up 1.4%  i.e.  an outperformance of 540bps. Organic growth was essentially driven by Seating  while Clean Mobility  Electronics and Lighting posted growth in the mid-single digits.Strong organic growth in South America was mostly driven by inflation in Argentina.Combined outperformance stood at 1 190bps for Americas.ASIA (25% of Group consolidated sales in the period)In Asia  sales in local currency grew by 4.0% and were down 0.7% on an organic basis  broadly in line automotive production in Asia (-0.9%). This reflected contrasted situation between China and Rest of Asia.In China (representing c. 80% of the region)  sales in local currency grew by 3.6%  including positive scope effect from HBBL. Organically  sales were down 2.5%  while automotive production was up 4.3%. This underperformance was mainly attributable to a temporary unfavorable effect of customer mix evolution:Regarding Chinese OEMs  Q1 year-on-year sales drop with BYD was not fully offset by rapid ramp-up with other Chinese OEMs (such as Li Auto  Chery and Leap Motor  that grew in the double-digits) Q1 year-on-year sales drop with BYD was not fully offset by rapid ramp-up with other Chinese OEMs (such as Li Auto  Chery and Leap Motor  that grew in the double-digits)  Regarding international OEMs  Q1 year-on-year sales drop with a large US EV carmaker was more than offset by sales expansion with other carmakers  notably German premium OEMs.Difficult base of comparison that penalized FORVIA’s sales growth in Q4 2023 and Q1 2024 (mostly related to BYD)  should start normalizing as from the second half of the year. Sales in China in 2024 will be driven by growing business with new Chinese OEMs and international premium OEMs.In the Rest of Asia (representing c. 20% of the region)  sales were up 5.3% on an organic basis  while automotive production was down 6.3%. This strong outperformance was driven by very high growth in Japan (mainly Honda) and double-digit growth in India (mainly Suzuki and VW).CONFIRMED 2024 GUIDANCEThis guidance is based on:Broadly stable worldwide automotive production in 2024 vs. 2023  in line with S&P’s latest forecast dated April 2024 that estimates 90.3 million light vehicles produced in 2024  stable vs. 2023 Average 2024 currency rates of 1.10 for €/USD and of 7.50 for €/CNY and assumes no major disruption materially impacting production or retail sales in any automotive region during the year.It takes into consideration:A limited negative scope effect on sales of c. €50 million as the net effect of the disposal of the CVI business to Cummins (deconsolidated as from Q4 2023) for € (300) million will be almost offset by the consolidation as from January 1  2024  of HELLA’s joint venture in Lighting in China for c. €250 million The impact of the closing of the disposal by FORVIA HELLA of its 50% stake in BHTC  contributing €205 million of cash proceeds.2024 guidance is on track to reach POWER25 ambition:Sales of between €27.5 billion and 28.5 billionOperating margin between 5.6% and 6.4% of salesNCF ≥ 2023 in value (reminder: €649m)(reminder: €649m) Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio ≤ 1.9x at Dec. 31  2024ON TRACK TO POWER25 AMBITIONThe Group reiterates its FY2025 objectives  as presented at the Capital Markets Day held in November 2022:Sales of c. €30bnOperating margin > 7% of salesNCF of 4% salesNet debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio of < 1.5x at Dec. 31  2025These objectives were based on average 2025 currency rates of 1.05 for €/USD and of 7.00 for €/CNY and assumed no major disruption materially impacting production or retail sales in any major automotive region over the period.These objectives  evidently  did not take into consideration any impact from the second €1 billion disposal program that was announced in October 2023.DIVIDEND PAYMENTAt its meeting held on February 16  2024  the Board of Directors decided to propose at the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held in Nanterre (France) on May 30  2024  the payment of a dividend of €0.50 per share to be paid in cash.Upon the vote of the shareholders  the payment of the proposed dividend will be made according to the following calendar:Ex-date: June 4  2024Record date: June 5  2024Payment date: June 6  20242024 CALENDAR (provisional)May 30: AGM in Nanterre (France)AGM in Nanterre (France) July 24: H1 2024 Results (before market hours)H1 2024 Results (before market hours) October 21: Q3 Sales (before market hours)A webcast will be held today  Thursday April 18  2024  at 8:00am (Paris time).FORVIA’s Q1 2024 sales presentation will be available before the webcast on FORVIA’s website: www.forvia.comIf you wish to follow the presentation using the webcast  please access the following link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/yjapw3rsA replay will be available as soon as possible.You may also follow the presentation via conference call:France: +33 1 70 91 87 04United Kingdom: +44 1 212 818 004United States: +1 718 705 8796Code: 888652PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS Christophe MALBRANQUEGroup Influence Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.com Marc MAILLETGroup Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations Officer+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYDeputy Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 78 74sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With over 290 industrial sites and 76 R&D centers  157 000 people  including more than 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 14 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group achieved a consolidated revenue of 27.2 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comDISCLAIMERThis presentation contains certain forward-looking statements concerning FORVIA. Such forward-looking statements represent trends or objectives and cannot be construed as constituting forecasts regarding the future FORVIA’s results or any other performance indicator. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""project "" ""plan "" ""intend "" ""objective""  ""believe "" ""forecast "" ""foresee "" ""likely "" ""may "" ""should "" ""goal "" ""target "" ""might "" ""would ""  “will”  ""could ""  ""predict "" ""continue "" ""convinced "" and ""confident "" the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions including  without limitation  assumptions regarding present and future business strategies (including the successful integration of HELLA within the FORVIA Group)  expectations and statements regarding FORVIA's operation of its business  and the future operation  direction and success of FORVIA's business. Although FORVIA believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous various risks  whether known or unknown  and uncertainties and other factors  all of which may be beyond the control of FORVIA and could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties and other factors  please refer to public filings made with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  press releases  presentations and  in particular  to those described in the section 2.""Risk factors & Risk management” of FORVIA's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed by FORVIA with the AMF on February 27  2024 under number D. 24-0070 (a version of which is available on www.forvia.com ). Subject to regulatory requirements  FORVIA does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise. Any information relating to past performance contained herein is not a guarantee of future performance. Nothing herein should be construed as an investment recommendation or as legal  tax  investment or accounting advice. The historical figures related to HELLA included in this presentation have been provided to FORVIA by HELLA within the context of the acquisition process. These historical figures have not been audited or subject to a limited review by the auditors of FORVIA. HELLA remains a listed company. For more information on HELLA  more information is available on www.hella.com. This presentation does not constitute and should not be construed as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy FORVIA securities.DEFINITIONS OF TERMS USED IN THIS DOCUMENTSales growthFORVIA’s year-on-year sales evolution is made of three components:A “Currency effect”  calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year  A “Scope effect” (acquisition/divestment)  And “Growth at constant currencies”.As “Scope effect”  FORVIA presents all acquisitions/divestments  whose sales on an annual basis amount to more than €250 million.Other acquisitions below this threshold are considered as “bolt-on acquisitions” and are included in “Growth at constant currencies”.In 2021  there was no effect from “bolt-on acquisitions”; as a result  “Growth at constant currencies” is equivalent to sales growth at constant scope and currencies also presented as organic growth.Operating incomeOperating income is the FORVIA group’s principal performance indicator. It corresponds to net income of fully consolidated companies before:Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations. Other non-recurring operating income and expense  corresponding to material  unusual and non-recurring items including reorganization expenses and early retirement costs  the impact of exceptional events such as the discontinuation of a business  the closure or sale of an industrial site  disposals of non-operating buildings  impairment losses recorded for property  plant and equipment or intangible assets  as well as other material and unusual losses. Income on loans  cash investments and marketable securities; Finance costs. Other financial income and expense  which include the impact of discounting the pension benefit obligation and the return on related plan assets  the ineffective portion of interest rate and currency hedges  changes in value of interest rate and currency instruments for which the hedging relationship does not satisfy the criteria set forth in relationship cannot be demonstrated under IFRS 9  and gains and losses on sales of shares in subsidiaries. Taxes.Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022).Net cash flowNet cash flow is defined as follow: Net cash from (used in) operating and investing activities less (acquisitions)/disposal of equity interests and businesses (net of cash and cash equivalents)  other changes and proceeds from disposal of financial assets. Repayment of IFRS 16 debt is not included.Net financial debtNet financial debt is defined as follow: Gross financial debt less cash and cash equivalents and derivatives classified under non-current and current assets. It includes the lease liabilities (IFRS 16 debt).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.04,0.27,0.68,True,English,"['FIRST-QUARTER 2024 SALES', 'full cabin scope related systems', 'S&P Global Mobility forecast', 'second €1 billion disposal program', 'second one-billion-euro disposal program', 'key Chinese technology-driven partner', 'New strategic joint venture', 'new major strategic partnership', 'FORVIA DEEPEN STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP', 'leading Chinese automaker Chery', 'Organic growth Scope', 'NOTABLY CLEAN MOBILITY', 'fast-growing Chinese OEMs', 'FIRST JOINT VENTURE', 'negative geographical mix', 'two key partnerships', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unfavorable geographical mix', 'customized end-user experiences', 'clear top priority', 'five-year EU-FORWARD project', 'Michel de ROSEN', 'regional automotive production', 'average operating margin', 'premium German OEM', 'new debt instruments', 'new long-term debts', 'two significant partnerships', 'SALES ORGANIC GROWTH', 'BUILDING FURTHER MOMENTUM', 'selective order intake', 'FY 2024 GUIDANCE CONFIRMED', 'present press release', 'ROBUST ORDER INTAKE', 'change Group sales', 'New developments', 'new materials', 'Premium models', 'major conquest', 'DEBT MANAGEMENT', 'key awards', 'short-term debts', 'first quarter', 'significant progresses', 'first transaction', 'FIRST-QUARTER 2024 SALES', 'm units', 'BUSINESS GROUPS', 'North America', 'MATERI’ACT', 'recycled compounds', 'Hug Engineering', 'enterprise value', 'Patrick KOLLER', 'temporary slowdown', 'targeted amount', 'cash proceeds', 'unwavering commitment', 'financial point', 'maturity profile', 'sustainable materials', 'POWER25 plan', 'commercial selectivity', 'upfront costs', 'growing segments', 'Li Auto', 'low CO 2', 'sustainable cockpit', '2023 Currency effect', 'last year', 'Worldwide auto', 'strong focus', 'financial terms', 'The Group', 'FORVIA HELLA', 'cockpit electronics', 'solid outperformance', 'Q1 2024 SALES', 'JV agreement', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'APRIL', '390bps', 'prod.', 'Source', 'ALL', 'INTERIORS', '140bps', '530bps', 'SUSTAINABILITY', 'Asia', 'China', 'field', 'smart', 'ambition', 'signing', 'DELEVERAGING', 'closing', '50% stake', 'BHTC', 'Issuance', '2025 maturities', '2031 maturities', 'TRACK', 'REACH', 'capability', 'market', 'period', 'electrification', 'Europe', 'increase', 'start', 'execution', 'view', 'trust', 'signature', 'strategy', 'innovation', 'company', 'competitiveness', 'Board', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'document', 'section', 'Definitions', 'figures', 'reduced', 'Seating', 'majority', 'BYD', 'cooperation', 'Future', 'Wuhu', 'manufacture', 'modules', 'seats', '2029', '0.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-19,marketscreener.com
39553,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-group-announces-repurchase-outstanding-164300105.html,Pharming Group announces the repurchase of outstanding €125 million convertible bonds due 2025,NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. Leiden ,"Pharming Group N.V.NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.Leiden  the Netherlands  19th April  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) announces the final results of its invitation to Eligible Bondholders (as defined below) of the outstanding €125 million 3.00% senior unsecured convertible bonds due 2025 issued on 21 January 2020 (the “2025 Bonds”; ISIN: XS2105716554) to tender for purchase via a reverse bookbuilding process for cash any and all of their 2025 Bonds (the “Invitation”).Pharming announces the repurchase of €123.1 million of the 2025 Bonds  which represents 98.5% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds  on the basis of a final repurchase price per 2025 Bond equal to €100 000. In addition  the Company will pay accrued and unpaid interest from  and including  21st January 2024 (being the last interest payment date for the 2025 Bonds prior to the Invitation) to  but excluding  the Invitation settlement date  which is expected to occur on 26th April 2024. Any 2025 Bonds repurchased by the Company in connection with the Invitation will be cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 2025 Bonds.The Invitation has been targeted at any holder of the 2025 Bonds that has represented that it is not located or resident in the United States and is not otherwise a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) and is not participating in the Invitation from the United States or it is acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in such Invitation from the United States in accordance with the “Important Notice in Relation to the Repurchase” below (such holders being “Eligible Bondholders”).The remaining outstanding 2025 Bonds will represent an aggregate principal amount of €1.9 million. Considering that further to the repurchase  the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds outstanding and held by persons other than the Company and its subsidiaries is equal to or less than 15 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount originally issued  the Company may  subject to providing not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice  early redeem all of the outstanding 2025 Bonds at their principal amount together with accrued interest thereon until (but excluding) the date of such early redemption.Story continuesHSBC and Jefferies acted as Joint Dealer Managers for the Invitation. Van Lanschot Kempen acted as advisor to the Company.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualified  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlNO ACTION HAS BEEN TAKEN BY THE COMPANY  THE JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS AND JOINT BOOKRUNNERS (TOGETHER  THE “MANAGERS”) OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES THAT WOULD PERMIT AN OFFERING OF THE NEW BONDS OR POSSESSION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE OR ANY OFFERING OR PUBLICITY MATERIAL RELATING TO THE NEW BONDS OR THE ORDINARY SHARES TO BE ISSUED OR DELIVERED UPON CONVERSION OF THE NEW BONDS AND NOTIONALLY UNDERLYING THE BONDS (TOGETHER WITH THE NEW BONDS  THE “SECURITIES”) IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE ACTION FOR THAT PURPOSE IS REQUIRED. PERSONS INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS PRESS RELEASE COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE COMPANY AND THE MANAGERS TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT  AND TO OBSERVE  ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES. THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES  NOR SHALL THERE BE ANY OFFER OF SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SALE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.THIS PRESS RELEASE AND THE OFFERING WHEN MADE ARE ONLY ADDRESSED TO  AND DIRECTED IN  THE UNITED KINGDOM AND MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE “EEA”) AT PERSONS WHO ARE “QUALIFIED INVESTORS” WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION (“QUALIFIED INVESTORS”). FOR THESE PURPOSES  THE EXPRESSION ""PROSPECTUS REGULATION"" MEANS REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AND REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE “EUWA”).SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS CONTAINED WITHIN: (A) EU DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU ON MARKETS IN FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  AS AMENDED (“MIFID II”); (B) ARTICLES 9 AND 10 OF COMMISSION DELEGATED DIRECTIVE (EU) 2017/593 SUPPLEMENTING MIFID II; (C) LOCAL IMPLEMENTING MEASURES IN THE EEA; (D) REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (“UK MIFIR”); AND (E) THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (TOGETHER  THE “PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS”)  AND DISCLAIMING ALL AND ANY LIABILITY  WHETHER ARISING IN TORT  CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE  WHICH ANY “MANUFACTURER” (FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS) MAY OTHERWISE HAVE WITH RESPECT THERETO  THE NEW BONDS HAVE BEEN SUBJECT TO A PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS  WHICH HAS DETERMINED THAT: (I) THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NEW BONDS IS (A) IN THE EEA  ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY  EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (AS DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK) AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS (AS DEFINED IN UK MIFIR); AND (II) ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NEW BONDS TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING  SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NEW BONDS (A ""DISTRIBUTOR"") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER  A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II OR THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NEW BONDS (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IS WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF ANY CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL SELLING RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO ANY OFFERING OF THE BONDS.FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE: (A) AN ASSESSMENT OF SUITABILITY OR APPROPRIATENESS FOR THE PURPOSES OF MIFID II OR UK MIFIR; OR (B) A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY INVESTOR OR GROUP OF INVESTORS TO INVEST IN  OR PURCHASE  OR TAKE ANY OTHER ACTION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE NEW BONDS.THE NEW BONDS ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED  SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM. FOR THESE PURPOSES  A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS (A) IN THE EEA  A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF (I) A RETAIL CLIENT  AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 OF THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE “FSMA”) AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT  AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA.CONSEQUENTLY  NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014  AS AMENDED (THE ""PRIIPS REGULATION"") OR THE PRIIPS REGULATION AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (THE “UK PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NEW BONDS OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NEW BONDS OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION AND/OR THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION.IN ADDITION  IN THE UNITED KINGDOM THIS PRESS RELEASE IS BEING DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO  AND IS DIRECTED ONLY AT  QUALIFIED INVESTORS (I) WHO HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005  AS AMENDED (THE “ORDER”) AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER  AND (II) TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED (ALL SUCH PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS “RELEVANT PERSONS”). THIS PRESS RELEASE MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON (I) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS  AND (II) IN ANY MEMBER STATE OF THE EEA  BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT QUALIFIED INVESTORS. ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS PRESS RELEASE RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO (A) RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND (B) QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA.ANY DECISION TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE NEW BONDS SHOULD ONLY BE MADE ON THE BASIS OF AN INDEPENDENT REVIEW BY A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR OF THE COMPANY’S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. NEITHER OF THE MANAGERS NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF  OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF  THIS PRESS RELEASE OR THE COMPANY’S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN ITS ENTIRETY WITHOUT NOTICE UP TO THE ISSUE DATE.EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD PROCEED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT IT MUST BEAR THE ECONOMIC RISK OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. NONE OF THE COMPANY OR THE MANAGERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO (I) THE SUITABILITY OF THE SECURITIES FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR  (II) THE APPROPRIATE ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AND POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF INVESTING IN THE SECURITIES OR (III) THE FUTURE PERFORMANCE OF THE SECURITIES EITHER IN ABSOLUTE TERMS OR RELATIVE TO COMPETING INVESTMENTS.THE MANAGERS ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY AND NO ONE ELSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE NEW BONDS AND WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR PROVIDING THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED TO CLIENTS OF THE MANAGERS OR FOR PROVIDING ADVICE IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES.EACH OF THE COMPANY  THE MANAGERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OBLIGATION OR UNDERTAKING TO UPDATE  REVIEW OR REVISE ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION  FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS OR OTHERWISE.THE SECURITIES MENTIONED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED IN THE UNITED STATES UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE “U.S. SECURITIES ACT”)  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES  ABSENT REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC OFFER OF THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.IMPORTANT NOTICE IN RELATION TO THE REPURCHASETHIS PRESS RELEASE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN INVITATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH  OR TO OR FROM ANY PERSON TO OR FROM WHOM  IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH REPURCHASE UNDER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. PERSONS INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS PRESS RELEASE COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE COMPANY AND THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT  AND TO OBSERVE  ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.UNITED STATESTHE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE AND WILL NOT BE MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE MAIL OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR OF ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  THE UNITED STATES. THIS INCLUDES  BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  ELECTRONIC MAIL  TELEX  TELEPHONE  THE INTERNET AND OTHER FORMS OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION.THE 2025 BONDS MAY NOT BE TENDERED IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS  INSTRUMENTALITY OR FACILITY FROM OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. ACCORDINGLY  COPIES OF THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE ARE NOT BEING  AND MUST NOT BE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  MAILED OR OTHERWISE TRANSMITTED  DISTRIBUTED OR FORWARDED (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  BY CUSTODIANS  NOMINEES OR TRUSTEES) IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES. ANY PURPORTED TENDER OF 2025 BONDS IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID AND ANY PURPORTED TENDER OF 2025 BONDS IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE MADE BY A PERSON LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR BY ANY AGENT  FIDUCIARY OR OTHER INTERMEDIARY ACTING ON A NON-DISCRETIONARY BASIS FOR A PERSON OR A PRINCIPAL GIVING INSTRUCTIONS FROM WITHIN THE UNITED STATES WILL BE INVALID AND WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.EACH HOLDER OF 2025 BONDS PARTICIPATING IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE WILL REPRESENT THAT IT IS NOT LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES AND IT IS NOT PARTICIPATING IN SUCH REPURCHASE FROM THE UNITED STATES  OR IT IS ACTING ON A NON-DISCRETIONARY BASIS FOR A PRINCIPAL THAT IS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND THAT IS NOT GIVING AN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN SUCH REPURCHASE FROM THE UNITED STATES. FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS AND THE ABOVE TWO PARAGRAPHS  “UNITED STATES” MEANS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS)  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.UNITED KINGDOMTHE COMMUNICATION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE  AND SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED  BY AN AUTHORISED PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 AS AMENDED. ACCORDINGLY  SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO  AND MUST NOT BE PASSED ON TO  THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. THE COMMUNICATION OF SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FALLING WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS (AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS) ORDER 2005 (THE “FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER”) OR PERSONS WHO ARE WITHIN ARTICLE 43(2) OF THE FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER OR ANY OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE MADE UNDER THE FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER.ITALYNONE OF THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE  THIS PRESS RELEASE OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE SUBMITTED TO THE CLEARANCE PROCEDURE OF THE COMMISSIONE NAZIONALE PER LE SOCIETÀ E LA BORSA (“CONSOB”) PURSUANT TO ITALIAN LAWS AND REGULATIONS.THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS BEING CARRIED OUT IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY AS EXEMPTED OFFERS PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 101-BIS  PARAGRAPH 3-BIS OF THE LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58 OF 24 FEBRUARY 1998  AS AMENDED (THE “ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT”) AND ARTICLE 35-BIS  PARAGRAPH 3  OF CONSOB REGULATION NO. 11971 OF 14 MAY 1999  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “ISSUERS’ REGULATION”). ACCORDINGLY  NO TENDERS BY THE HOLDERS OF THE 2025 BONDS MAY BE COLLECTED  NOR ANY OTHER MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE MAY BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY EXCEPT TO QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVESTITORI QUALIFICATI)  AS DEFINED PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 100 OF THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT AND ARTICLE 34- TER  FIRST PARAGRAPH  LETTER B) OF THE ISSUERS' REGULATION. HOLDERS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE 2025 BONDS THAT ARE RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN ITALY CAN TENDER SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 2025 BONDS PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE THROUGH AUTHORISED PERSONS (SUCH AS INVESTMENT FIRMS  BANKS OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES PERMITTED TO CONDUCT SUCH ACTIVITIES IN ITALY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT  CONSOB REGULATION NO. 20307 OF 15 FEBRUARY 2018  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME  AND LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 385 OF 1 SEPTEMBER 1993  AS AMENDED) AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR WITH REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY CONSOB  THE BANK OF ITALY OR ANY OTHER ITALIAN AUTHORITY. HOLDERS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE 2025 BONDS THAT ARE RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN ITALY CAN TENDER SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 2025 BONDS PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE THROUGH AUTHORISED PERSONS (SUCH AS INVESTMENT FIRMS  BANKS OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES PERMITTED TO CONDUCT SUCH ACTIVITIES IN ITALY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT  CONSOB REGULATION NO. 20307 OF 15 FEBRUARY 2018  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME  AND LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 385 OF 1 SEPTEMBER 1993  AS AMENDED) AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR WITH REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY CONSOB  THE BANK OF ITALY OR ANY OTHER ITALIAN AUTHORITY.EACH INTERMEDIARY MUST COMPLY WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS CONCERNING INFORMATION DUTIES VIS-À-VIS ITS CLIENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE 2025 BONDS OR THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE.FRANCETHE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  TO THE PUBLIC IN THE REPUBLIC OF FRANCE (“FRANCE”). NEITHER THIS PRESS RELEASE NOR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE BEEN OR SHALL BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE PUBLIC IN FRANCE AND ONLY (I) PROVIDERS OF INVESTMENT SERVICES RELATING TO PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF THIRD PARTIES (PERSONNES FOURNISSANT LE SERVICE D’INVESTISSEMENT DE GESTION DE PORTEFEUILLE POUR COMPTE DE TIERS) AND/OR (II) QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVESTISSEURS QUALIFIÉS) OTHER THAN INDIVIDUALS  IN EACH CASE ACTING ON THEIR OWN ACCOUNT AND ALL AS DEFINED IN  AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH  ARTICLES L.411-1  L.411-2 AND D.411-1 OF THE FRENCH CODE MONÉTAIRE ET FINANCIER  ARE ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE. THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE SUBMITTED FOR CLEARANCE TO NOR APPROVED BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS.GENERALNEITHER THIS ANNOUNCEMENT NOR THE ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION THEREOF CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO BUY OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL 2025 BONDS (AND TENDERS OF 2025 BONDS FOR PURCHASE PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED FROM HOLDERS OF 2025 BONDS) IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS UNLAWFUL. IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE SECURITIES  BLUE SKY OR OTHER LAWS REQUIRE THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE TO BE MADE BY A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER AND THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES ARE SUCH A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION  THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE BY THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS OR SUCH AFFILIATE  AS THE CASE MAY BE  ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY IN SUCH JURISDICTION.THE COMPANY  THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS AND OTHERS WILL RELY UPON THE TRUTH AND ACCURACY OF THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS  ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND AGREEMENTS.",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,negative,0.04,0.37,0.6,True,English,"['outstanding €125 million convertible bonds', 'Pharming Group', 'repurchase', 'outstanding €125 million 3.00% senior unsecured convertible bonds', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'last interest payment date', 'outstanding aggregate principal amount', 'reverse bookbuilding process', 'Joint Dealer Managers', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'working capital requirements', 'U.S. Person', 'protein replacement therapies', 'remaining outstanding 2025 Bonds', 'U.S. Securities', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'final repurchase price', 'Invitation settlement date', 'Regulation S', 'final results', 'Securities Act', 'gene therapies', 'unpaid interest', 'UNITED STATES', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Eligible Bondholders', '26th April', 'Important Notice', '15 per cent', '60 days’ notice', 'early redemption', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'product candidates', 'technical developments', '2023 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'clinical trials', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'SOUTH AFRICA', '21st January', 'discretionary basis', 'cash resources', 'unknown risks', 'other risks', 'similar terms', '21 January', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', '19th', 'ISIN', 'addition', 'accrued', 'connection', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'meaning', 'order', 'Relation', 'persons', 'subsidiaries', 'less', 'Story', 'HSBC', 'Jefferies', 'advisor', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'project', 'target', 'Examples', 'respect', 'timing', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'competitive', 'light', 'year', 'Exchang']",2024-04-19,2024-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
39554,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesslancashire.co.uk/2024/04/19/navigating-european-equities-trends-opportunities-and-risks/,Navigating European Equities: Trends  Opportunities and Risks,Europe is an exciting place for potential investors because the region is home to an impressive number of innovative  world-class companies. These include,Europe is an exciting place for potential investors because the region is home to an impressive number of innovative  world-class companies. These include pharmaceutical giants  leading financial houses  global car manufacturers  and the suppliers of luxury goods.So  where should you start? Here we take an in-depth look at European equities and the investment funds focused on this fascinating area.What are European equities?These are companies that are traded on European stock exchanges  such as Euronext  a pan-European exchange based in Netherlands. These firms hail from countries across Europe  including France  Germany and Denmark  and operate in a wide variety of industries. Potential investors can already choose from a dizzying array of listed companies and more join their ranks via initial public offerings every year.Europe’s biggest namesThe largest listed companies in Europe have multi-billion dollar market capitalisations and customers spread around the globe. Novo Nordisk  the Danish pharmaceutical company  is currently the largest with a $534 billion valuation*. It’s followed by LVMH ($458bn*)  the luxury goods supplier formed from the merger of Louis Vuitton and Moet Hennessy  and ASML ($378bn*)  the Dutch chipmaker.Why consider investing in EuropeIt’s packed full of world class companiesEuropean stocks remain lowly valuedMany leading fund managers focus on this regionPotential negatives of EuropeConcerns about European economies entering recessionUncertainty remains in many marketsThe region has underperformed in the pastCurrent views on EuropeSo  how do the experts view European equities?Inflation  interest rates  and geopolitics all make it difficult to formulate an accurate forecast  according to an outlook from Allianz Global Investors. “Using analysts’ estimates as the best guide  companies in Europe will earn 6% more next year than in 2023 ” it stated. It also pointed out that a number of sectors offered potential  including banks that remain cheap despite having had a good year in 2023**.“The same applies to automotives  though the earnings trend here is declining ” it added. “Energy stocks are also cheaply valued compared to their historical levels  while technology and luxury stocks look rather expensive.”Although European equity investors need to be on their guard this year  the region’s stock market valuations remain at very modest levels  according to Lazard Asset Management. “We believe the current economic gloom and insipid near-term outlook for Europe are already baked into share prices ” it stated in an update***. “Once markets have become more realistic about the near-term environment  there is still scope for European equities to make ground in 2024.”After a decade of underperformance  there could be opportunities in European equity markets  according Goldman Sachs Research. “While the European economy has its problems  Europe’s biggest companies pursue growth around the world – and that makes them pretty exciting ” she said****.Is Europe right for you?Europe really must be considered as part of a diversified global equity portfolio. There are too many fantastic companies in the region. While you can access these stories through buying the shares of individual Europe-based companies  a wiser option for many investors will be a fund.The good news is there are plenty of star fund managers focused on this area. Here are five portfolios that could be worth an extra look.Comgest Growth Europe ex UKThis is a high conviction fund that invests in quality  long-term growth companies. It’s co-managed by Alistair Wittet  Franz Weis and James Hanford. Its largest holdings include pharmaceutical giant Novo Nordisk and Accenture  the professional services company^. We like the fund’s well defined process  as well as Comgest’s structure and culture. This sees most of its staff  including those not in the investment teams  having a stake in the business.GAM Star Continental European EquityLarge European companies – particularly those expected to grow faster than the index – are the focus for the GAM Star Continental European Equity fund. Its manager  Niall Gallagher  looks to buy stocks that are either out-of-favour or where growth prospects aren’t fully reflected in the share price. We believe his pragmatic approach and vast experience in European equities stands him in good stead for managing this fund.Janus Henderson European Smaller CompaniesThis fund  which is managed by Ollie Beckett and Rory Stokes  is a pure small-cap vehicle which has a ‘style-agnostic’ approach to investing. This means the managers will search for growth companies at reasonable prices  while also considering neglected areas of the market. Due to the way it’s managed  as well as its excellent long-term performance  we would consider this a core holding for small-cap purists.Jupiter European Smaller CompaniesAnother option for investors wanting exposure to smaller names  this fund looks to buy and hold high quality companies experiencing secular growth. The co-managers  Mark Heslop and Phil Macartney  focus on company fundamentals  while the macro-economic factors are largely ignored. The fund’s process is solid  while the team is small and nimble. In our view  this is definitely a fund to watch for the future.BlackRock Global Unconstrained EquityThe final option is for investors that want exposure to Europe  but within a portfolio that also embraces other parts of the world. This fund  which is managed by the experienced Alistair Hibbert  is a concentrated  high-conviction portfolio that targets extraordinary companies within developed markets. The fund current has roughly a third of the portfolio in Europe^  including France  Netherlands  Denmark and Italy. ASML  Novo Nordisk and LVMH are among the most recognisable European names^.*Source: Companies Market Cap  data at February 2024**Source: Allianz Global Investors  9 February 2024***Source: Lazard Asset Management  January 2024****Source: Goldman Sachs  14 February 2024^Source: fund factsheet  31 January 2024Past performance is not a reliable guide to future returns. You may not get back the amount originally invested  and tax rules can change over time. The views expressed are those of the author and fund managers and do not constitute financial advice.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.26,0.36,True,English,"['European Equities', 'Trends', 'Opportunities', 'Risks', 'GAM Star Continental European Equity fund', 'Janus Henderson European Smaller Companies', 'diversified global equity portfolio', 'multi-billion dollar market capitalisations', 'Jupiter European Smaller Companies', 'quality, long-term growth companies', 'Many leading fund managers', 'leading financial houses', 'excellent long-term performance', 'European equity investors', 'global car manufacturers', 'high quality companies', 'star fund managers', 'European equity markets', 'European stock exchanges', 'initial public offerings', 'Lazard Asset Management', 'Goldman Sachs Research', 'professional services company', 'innovative, world-class companies', 'individual Europe-based companies', 'Large European companies', 'stock market valuations', 'many fantastic companies', 'Allianz Global Investors', 'current economic gloom', 'pure small-cap vehicle', 'Danish pharmaceutical company', 'high conviction fund', 'luxury goods supplier', 'largest listed companies', 'world class companies', 'insipid near-term outlook', 'smaller names', 'Comgest Growth Europe', 'European equities', 'European economies', 'European economy', 'many investors', 'biggest companies', 'European stocks', 'many markets', 'Current views', 'near-term environment', 'largest holdings', 'small-cap purists', 'pharmaceutical giants', 'growth prospects', 'secular growth', 'luxury stocks', 'exciting place', 'depth look', 'investment funds', 'pan-European exchange', 'wide variety', 'dizzying array', 'biggest names', 'Novo Nordisk', 'Louis Vuitton', 'Moet Hennessy', 'Dutch chipmaker', 'interest rates', 'accurate forecast', 'analysts’ estimates', 'best guide', 'good year', 'earnings trend', 'historical levels', 'modest levels', 'share prices', 'good news', 'five portfolios', 'extra look', 'Alistair Wittet', 'Franz Weis', 'James Hanford', 'investment teams', 'Niall Gallagher', 'pragmatic approach', 'vast experience', 'good stead', 'Ollie Beckett', 'Rory Stokes', 'agnostic’ approach', 'reasonable prices', 'Mark H', 'potential investors', 'Potential negatives', 'Energy stocks', 'impressive number', 'fascinating area', 'wiser option', 'region', 'suppliers', 'Euronext', 'Netherlands', 'firms', 'countries', 'France', 'Germany', 'Denmark', 'industries', 'ranks', 'customers', 'globe', 'LVMH', 'merger', 'ASML', 'Concerns', 'recession', 'Uncertainty', 'past', 'experts', 'Inflation', 'geopolitics', 'sectors', 'banks', 'automotives', 'technology', 'guard', 'update', 'scope', 'ground', 'decade', 'underperformance', 'opportunities', 'problems', 'part', 'stories', 'shares', 'plenty', 'UK', 'Accenture', 'process', 'structure', 'culture', 'staff', 'stake', 'business', 'index', 'focus', 'favour', 'areas', 'way', 'core', 'exposure']",2024-04-19,2024-04-19,businesslancashire.co.uk
39555,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-04/61995823-argan-mr-aymar-de-germay-is-appointed-at-the-executive-board-of-argan-399.htm,ARGAN: Mr. Aymar de GERMAY is appointed at the Executive Board of ARGAN,Seine  Friday  April 19  2024 - 7.30 am Mr. Aymar de GERMAY is appointed at the Executive Board of ARGAN Upon proposal of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee  the,"Press release - Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  April 19  2024 - 7.30 amMr. Aymar de GERMAY is appointedat the Executive Board of ARGANUpon proposal of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee  the Supervisory Board of Argan decided  on April 18  2024  to appoint Mr. Aymar de GERMAY as a member of the Executive Board replacing Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS  who resigned  with immediate effect and for the remaining duration of the term.Aged 50  Mr. Aymar de GERMAY joined the Company in July 2022.A graduate of Sciences Po and ESSEC  he has developed  over more than 25 years  a unique career path leading him to assume management roles in both the public and private sectors. Alongside his professional activity  he notably held several mandates as a local elected official between 2001 and 2020.Before joining ARGAN  he was the CEO of TILIA France  a consulting firm that supports industrial and public authorities in their ecological and energy transition strategies and projects.As General Secretary of ARGAN  Aymar de GERMAY will also continue to oversee governance  corporate legal matters  administrative affairs  human resources  and ESG strategy.Consequently  the Executive Board is composed of three members:Ronan LE LAN  ChairmanFrancis ALBERTINELLI  MemberAymar de GERMAY  Member2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN's DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the ""in-use"" Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.fr",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Mr. Aymar de GERMAY', 'Executive Board', 'ARGAN', 'Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS', 'real estate investment company', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'Mr. Aymar de GERMAY', 'unique career path', 'local elected official', 'energy transition strategies', 'corporate legal matters', 'Ronan LE LAN', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'French SIIC', 'ESG strategy', 'TILIA France', 'Net sales', 'Press release', 'Executive Board', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Supervisory Board', 'immediate effect', 'remaining duration', 'Sciences Po', 'management roles', 'private sectors', 'professional activity', 'several mandates', 'consulting firm', 'General Secretary', 'administrative affairs', 'human resources', 'three members', 'Francis ALBERTINELLI', '2024 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', '2025 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'continental part', 'EPRA Europe', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'public authorities', 'development milestones', 'Seine', 'Friday', 'April', 'ARGAN', 'proposal', 'Nominations', 'term', 'July', 'graduate', 'ESSEC', '25 years', 'CEO', 'industrial', 'ecological', 'projects', 'governance', 'Chairman', 'Publication', 'closing', 'October', 'January', 'March', 'market', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', '7.30']",2024-04-06,2024-04-19,finanznachrichten.de
39556,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.law.com/international-edition/2024/04/19/three-firms-steer-e1b-paris-ipo-for-french-software-company/,Three Firms Steer €1B Paris IPO for French Software Company,Cleary  Hogan Lovells and White & Case are advising in the IPO  which is the first under a recent simplification of French rules to allow skipping retail investors.,Three law firms are advising on French enterprise software provider Planisware’s initial public offering on the Euronext Paris exchange that values the company at €1.1 billion euros ($1.17 billion).Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton is advising Planisware on the IPO  which  according to Euronext data  saw shares closing at €20.09 in Thursday trading  up about 25.56% from the share’s €16 issue price.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.09,True,English,"['€1B Paris IPO', 'French Software Company', 'Three Firms', 'French enterprise software provider', 'Three law firms', 'initial public offering', 'Cleary Gottlieb Steen', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'Euronext data', 'Thursday trading', '€16 issue price', 'Planisware', 'company', 'Hamilton', 'IPO', 'shares']",2024-04-19,2024-04-19,law.com
39557,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-04/61990738-pluxee-n-v-pluxee-delivers-strong-performance-in-the-first-half-and-raises-fiscal-2024-organic-revenue-growth-and-recurring-ebitda-margin-objectives-399.htm,Pluxee N.V.: Pluxee delivers strong performance in the First Half and raises Fiscal 2024 Organic revenue growth and Recurring EBITDA margin objectives,Other products and services generated operating revenue of €87 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  growing +4.2% organically compared to H1 FY 2023. Organic growth accelerated in Q2 FY 2024  up +12.6% while Q1 FY 2024 pro forma organic revenue growth was impacted by the high comparison basis in Public Benefits.,"First Half Fiscal 2024 ResultsIssy-les-Moulineaux  France - April 19  2024First Half Fiscal 2024 highlightsSuccessful spin-off and listing on Euronext Paris on February 1  2024on Euronext Paris on February 1  2024 Organic revenue growth of +24% incl. +26% in Q2  reflecting buoyant performance across all regionsincl. +26% in Q2  reflecting buoyant performance across all regions Strong Recurring EBITDA at €201 million  i.e. +28% organic growth; 34.4% margin at constant ratesat €201 million  i.e. +28% organic growth; at constant rates Net profit of €68 million reflecting higher one-time items  mostly spin-off relatedRecurring free cash flow of €228 million  with strong Recurring Cash conversion of 113%Net cash position of €1 065 million   increasing by €206 million since August 31  2023  increasing by €206 million since August 31  2023 Fiscal 2024 financial objectives raised: Organic revenue growth expected between 15% to 17% and Recurring EBITDA margin expected at 35% at least including standalone costs at constant rates  while reaffirming all mid-term targetsFirst Half Fiscal 2024 key figures(in millions of euros) H1FY 2024 H1FY 2023 Variation(%) Variation atconstant rate(%) Total revenues 593 488 21.5% 24.0% Recurring EBITDARecurring EBITDA margin 20133.9% 16333.5% 23.1%+44bps 27.7%+90bps(2) Net profit for the period 68 92 -25.6% -18.0% Recurring free cash flow 228 265(1) -14.0% Recurring cash conversion (%) 113% 163%(1) - Net financial cash position 1 065 859 24.0%Note: (1) Excluding the net effects from the transfer of receivables as part of the Sodexo Group amounting to €65m in H1 FY 2023. (2) Externalizing a 34.4% Recurring EBITDA margin at constant rate.Aurélien Sonet  Chief Executive Officer of Pluxee  commented:""Our first results as a standalone listed company demonstrate good progress in delivering the Group strategic growth plan as well as on our financial objectives. Strong business momentum continued during the First Half of Fiscal 2024  with topline growth exceeding expectations and strong improvement in recurring EBITDA. This success is a testament to the excellent work and unrelenting commitment of our entire team and I would like to thank all our colleagues for their contribution to this robust set of results. Our recent successful listing and inaugural bond issue have enabled Pluxee to take a significant step towards realizing our long-standing vision of being a leading global pure player in Employee Benefits & Engagement. We are well positioned to continue delivering on our strategic plan  underpinned by a distinctive value proposition and supported by a wealth of expertise across our team  powerful tech and data capabilities and a disciplined M&A strategy. Given our strong start to the year  we are raising our Fiscal 2024 organic growth and EBITDA margin objectives while reiterating our mid-term targets  reflecting our confidence in the second half of Fiscal 2024 and beyond.""First Half Fiscal 2024 results performanceThe Board of Directors of Pluxee N.V. prepared the financial statements for the First Half Fiscal 2024 (H1 FY 2024). The Group's statutory auditor completed the usual limited review of these half-year consolidated financial statements. The main consolidated financial items are:SUMMARIZED INCOME STATEMENT(in millions of euros) H1FY 2024 H1FY 2023 Variation(%) Variationat constantrate (%) Total Revenues 593 488 21.5% 24.0% Operating expenses (392) (325) 20.7% 22.1% Recurring EBITDA 201 163 23.1% 27.7% Recurring EBITDA margin 33.9% 33.5% +44bps +90bps Depreciation  amortization and impairment (40) (35) 13.7% 14.6% Recurring operating profit(Recurring EBIT) 161 128 25.7% 31.4% Recurring operating profit margin 27.1% 26.2% +91bps +144bps Other operating income and expenses (41) (3) Operating profit (EBIT) 120 125 -4.1% 1.3% Financial result (10) 11 Profit before tax 110 136 -19.2% -12.4% Income tax expense (42) (44) Net profit 68 92 -25.6% -18.0% Net profit attributable to Group equity holders 66 89 Basic earnings per share (in euros) 0.45 0.61 -26.6%The consolidated financial statements were prepared in thousands of euros and are presented in million euros  after rounding to the nearest million (unless otherwise specified). As a result  there may be rounding differences between the amounts reported in the various statements.Strong organic revenue growth of +24.0%Total revenues reached €593 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  a +21.5% increase compared to H1 FY 2023  including a negative currency translation effect of -2.5% reflecting the application of hyperinflationary accounting to Turkey. Organic growth was +24.0% in the first half of Fiscal 2024. Total revenues grew by +24.6% in the second quarter  including -1.1% currency translation effects and +25.7% organic growth  benefiting from positive market dynamics across all regions and a favourable macro environment.All three regions showed double digit organic growth in H1 FY 2024  as a result of higher volumes driven by new client wins  further face value increase and good client net retention as well as an increase in Float revenue.Operating revenue reached €518 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  with strong organic growth of +17.4%. Currency translation effects were a negative -1.7%. In Q2 FY 2024  Operating revenue grew +19.9% versus H1 FY 2023 on an organic basis  accelerating from +14.5% pro-forma growth in the first quarter.Employee Benefits generated operating revenue of €431 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  growing +20.5% organically in the first half and +21.6% organically in Q2 FY 2024. This improvement was driven by solid growth in Employee Benefits business volumes (+12.4%)  as a result of net client gains with an increasing contribution from small and medium enterprises and portfolio growth including positive development in cross selling to existing clients and a continuous increase in average face value  as a result of the intensive marketing & sales campaigns conducted over the half-year. Over the first half  the take-up rate improved to 5.0%  representing a +30bps increase compared to Fiscal 2023  due to a strong commercial focus and the gradual impact of the end of negative commissions in Brazil.generated operating revenue of €431 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  growing +20.5% organically in the first half and +21.6% organically in Q2 FY 2024. This improvement was driven by solid growth in Employee Benefits business volumes (+12.4%)  as a result of net client gains with an increasing contribution from small and medium enterprises and portfolio growth including positive development in cross selling to existing clients and a continuous increase in average face value  as a result of the intensive marketing & sales campaigns conducted over the half-year. Over the first half  the take-up rate improved to 5.0%  representing a +30bps increase compared to Fiscal 2023  due to a strong commercial focus and the gradual impact of the end of negative commissions in Brazil. Other products and services generated operating revenue of €87 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  growing +4.2% organically compared to H1 FY 2023. Organic growth accelerated in Q2 FY 2024  up +12.6% while Q1 FY 2024 pro forma organic revenue growth was impacted by the high comparison basis in Public Benefits.Float revenue rose to €75 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  increasing +97.3% organically in H1 FY 2024  of which +87.6% in Q2 FY 2024. This was due to the continuous growth of the Float  which stood at €2.8 billion as of February 29  2024  and the overall progressive stabilization of interest rates at a high level. Over the first half-year  Float revenue increase was driven primarily by Continental Europe and Latin America  up +80% and +102% respectively. All regions recorded an expansion of the Float due to a continuous increase in business volumes and benefitted from a higher interest rate environment compared to H1 FY 2023.Recurring EBITDA margin improved by +90bps at constant ratesRecurring EBITDA reached €201 million in H1 FY 2024  up +23% year-on-year and +28% organically. The recurring EBITDA margin increased by +44bps to 33.9% at current rates and by +90bps to 34.4% at constant rates. The increase was driven by the Float revenue contribution which more than offset the new standalone costs on top of management fees still invoiced by Sodexo over the first five months of the semester and the increase in Opex to capture growth and invest for the future. Recurring EBITDA growth was strong across all regions  with +16.9% growth in Continental Europe  +35.9% in Latin America and +8.6% in Rest of the world.Recurring operating profit up 25.7%Recurring operating profit was €161 million  up +25.7% year-on-year. This includes -€40 million of depreciation  amortization and impairment charges for the period  compared to -€35 million in H1 FY 2023.Other operating income and expenses were -€41 million in H1 FY 2024 compared to -€3 million in H1 FY 2023. This includes -€32 million of one-off expenses related to the spin-off and rebranding costs and -€11 million of write-off of specific digital assets related to a partner platform refocused now on two countries. Other operating income and expenses are expected to be around -€80 million for Fiscal 2024  compared to -€60 million initially forecasted as a result of the above assets write-off and some additional restructuring costs.Operating profit for the period was €120 million  compared to €125 million in the previous semester.Net Income of €68 millionFinancial Result was -€10 million in H1 FY 2024  compared to €11 million in H1 FY 2023. It included the borrowing costs incurred in connection with the new capital structure set as part of the spin-off project and partially offset by the interest income generated from the Group's solid non-Float-related cash position. Financial Result is expected to be around -€15 million for Fiscal 2024 compared to -€20 million initially forecasted and based on current interest rate environment.Income tax expenses were -€42 million in H1 FY 2024  implying an effective tax rate of 38% computed by using the projected tax rate for Fiscal 2024. It is specifically impacted by a higher amount of one-off costs in relation to the spin-off and the digital assets write-off. Effective tax rate is expected to be around 38% for Fiscal 2024.Net Profit for the period was €68 million  compared to €92 million in H1 FY 2023  the difference primarily resulting from the one-off increase in Other operating expenses and higher Net financial expenses in relation to the new capital structure. Within this  Net profit attributable to equity shareholders was €66 million and EPS attributable to equity shareholders was €0.45 in H1 FY 2024 based on the basic weighted average number of shares of 146 890 457 as of February 29  2024.Recurring Free cash flow of € 228 million  113% Recurring Cash conversionRecurring Free cash flow was €228 million in H1 FY 2024  compared to €265 million in H1 FY 2023 excluding the net transfer of receivables for €65 million occurred in H1 FY 2023.Capital expenditure was -€68 million in H1 FY 2024  equating to a capital expenditures to revenue ratio of 11.5%. This increase reflects the Group leveraging the positive revenue growth momentum to invest further  especially in IT infrastructures following the spin-off as well as in technology and data  paving the way for the future growth.Working capital variation over the period stood at €158 million compared to €150 million in H1 FY 2023 excluding the prior transfer of receivables.Recurring Cash conversion rate was 113% in H1 FY 2024 compared to 163% in H1 FY 2023 excluding the prior transfer of receivables.Net financial cash position strengthened at €1 065 millionNet financial cash position excluding Restricted cash at February 29  2024  stood at €1 065 million  with a significant improvement versus €859 million at August 31  2023  reflecting strong cash flow generation.Cash and cash equivalent position excluding Restricted cash reached € 1 799 million and Current financial assets stood at €472 million as of February 29  2024. The cumulated amount of liquidity  including Restricted cash  reached €3 268 million as of February 29  2024.Gross borrowings including lease liabilities amounted to €1 206 million as at the end of February 2024. Pluxee successfully placed two inaugural bonds totalling €1 100 million consisting of a €550 million bond issue with a 4.5-year maturity with a coupon of 3.50% and a €550 million bond issue with a 8.5-year maturity with a coupon of 3.75%  allowing to fully repay the bridge loan on March 4  2024.Pluxee's strong financial cash position and cash generation was confirmed with a BBB+ rating and a stable outlook from Standard & Poor's.Building strong ESG foundations as a standalone companyPluxee's ESG commitments and priorities are embedded within the Group's strategic growth plan.Pluxee has started a double materiality assessment to anticipate CSRD obligations from Fiscal 2025 onwards. The Group has selected the European sustainability reporting standards that are relevant to its business and all countries are consulting their local stakeholders to identify priorities and contribute to the 2030 Group sustainability vision.The Group's targets and action plan to reach Net Zero emissions by 2035 was approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in December 2023 with a focus on reducing absolute greenhouse gas emissions across the entire value chain covering Scope 1  2 and 3 no later than 2035. The first milestone has been set for 2025  when the Group expects to reach 100% renewable electricity in all buildings. This has already been implemented in several countries such as the UK  Romania and Belgium.Pluxee has also continued over the semester to embrace new ways to support its small and medium merchants. In France  the Group has successfully launched a new initiative in partnership with Mapstr to promote sustainable consumption behaviours. This partnership enhances visibility of more than 15 000 small and medium merchants offering healthy  inclusive and ecofriendly meal alternatives.OutlookDuring its Capital Markets Day  the Group set out Fiscal 2024 and 2026 financial objectives focusing on delivering sustainable organic revenue growth  improving recurring EBITDA margin and maintaining strong cash conversion.Based on the strong financial performance delivered in the First Half of Fiscal 2024  Pluxee is raising its financial objectives for Fiscal 2024 as such:Organic revenue growth expected between 15% to 17% compared to low double digit initially;Recurring EBITDA margin expected to reach at least 35% including standalone costs  from at least 34.5%.Mid-term financial objectivesremain unchanged  with the Group reiterating its ambition to reach:low double digit organic growth per year for Fiscal 2025 and 2026;per year for Fiscal 2025 and 2026; c.37% Recurring EBITDA margin in Fiscal 2026; andin Fiscal 2026; and above 70% Recurring Cash conversion on average over Fiscal 2024 to 2026.Fiscal 2024 and 2026 financial objectives are given at constant rates and scope.Significant First Half Fiscal 2024 and subsequent eventsSuccessful spin-off and listing on Euronext ParisOn February 1  2024  Pluxee successfully completed its spin-off and listing on Euronext Paris with a technical reference price of €26 per share. Pluxee's shares were distributed to Sodexo shareholders on a one-for-one basis. Bellon SA remains a committed long-term shareholder to Pluxee with approximately 42.8% of the outstanding ordinary shares and nearly 60.0% of the voting rights in the company.Refinancing and inaugural bond issueOn March 4  2024  Pluxee successfully completed the placing of two inaugural bonds for an aggregate amount of €1.1 billion  consisting of a €550 million bond issue with a 4.5-year maturity and a coupon of 3.50% and a €550 million bond issue with a 8.5-year maturity and a coupon of 3.75%. The net proceeds were used to repay the €1.1 billion portion drawn down of the bridge loan secured in October 2023 as part of the spin-off project.Strengthened leadership teamThe Group has strengthened its Leadership team and enhanced geographic governance to accelerate the execution of its strategic plan and the delivery of its ambitious mid-term financial objectives.Alexandre Cotarmanac'h has been appointed Chief Product Officer to drive further enhancement of the product offering globally;has been appointed to drive further enhancement of the product offering globally; Thierry Guihard   CEO of Pluxee Brazil   and Malena Gufflet   CEO of Pluxee France   have joined the Leadership Team to ensure aligned and strategic decision making in the Group's two largest markets;    and     have joined the Leadership Team to ensure aligned and strategic decision making in the Group's two largest markets; Sébastien Godet has become Chief Revenue Growth Officer for Asia  Middle East  Africa and Continental Europe outside France. Manuel Fernandez has been appointed Chief Revenue Growth Officer for Hispanic Latin America. Viktoria Otero del Val was also appointed Chief Revenue Growth Officer for the U.K. and the U.S.. All three Leadership team members will support country teams in setting  enabling and tracking growth plans  and ensuring best in class execution.Conference callPluxee will hold a conference call in English today at 8:30 a.m. CET to comment on its H1 Fiscal 2024 Results.Those who wish to connect:- From France: +33 1 70 91 87 04  or- From the UK: +44 121 281 8004  or- From the US: +1 718 705 8796 Followed by the access code 07 26 76.The live audio webcast will be accessible on www.pluxeegroup.comThe press release  presentation and webcast are available on the Group website www.pluxeegroup.comin the ""Investors - Financial Results"" section.The condensed financial statements and the half-year financial report which includes the auditor report and the responsibility statement of the Board of Directors for this report are available on the Group website www.pluxeegroup.comin the ""Investors - Financial Results"" section.This half-year financial report is filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) given that the Netherlands are Pluxee N.V.'s home member state for the purposes of Directive 2004/109/EC (as amended by Directive 2013/50/EU).Fiscal 2024 Financial calendarThird quarter Fiscal 2024 revenues July 3  2024 Annual Fiscal 2024 results October 31  2024 Fiscal 2024 annual shareholders' meeting December 2024These dates are indicative and may be subject to change without notice.Regular updates are available in the calendar on our website www.pluxeegroup.comAbout PluxeePluxee is a global player in employee benefits and engagement that operates in 31 countries. Pluxee helps companies attract  engage  and retain talent thanks to a broad range of solutions across Meal & Food  Wellbeing  Lifestyle  Reward & Recognition  and Public Benefits. Powered by leading technology and more than 5 000 engaged team members  Pluxee acts as a trusted partner within a highly interconnected B2B2C ecosystem made up of more than 500 000 clients  36 million consumers and 1.7 million merchants. Conducting business for more than 45 years  Pluxee is committed to creating a positive impact on local communities  supporting wellbeing at work for employees and protecting the planet. For more information: www.pluxeegroup.comContactsMediaCecilia de Pierrebourg+33 6 03 30 46 98cecilia.depierrebourg@pluxeegroup.com (mailto:cecilia.depierrebourg@pluxeegroup.com) Analysts and InvestorsPauline Bireaud+33 6 22 58 83 51pauline.bireaud@pluxeegroup.com (mailto:pauline.bireaud@pluxeegroup.com)RevenueBREAKDOWN OF TOTAL REVENUES BY NATUREIn millions of eurosQ1 pro-forma Q1 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Operating revenue 231 208 14.5% -3.3% 11.3% Float revenue 35 18 109.9% -14.8% 95.1% Total Revenues 266 225 22.0% -4.1% 17.9% Q2 FY 2024 Q2 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Operating revenue 287 240 19.9% -0.3% 19.6% Float revenue 40 22 87.6% -9.6% 78.0% Total Revenues 327 262 25.7% -1.1% 24.6% H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Operating revenue 518 448 17.4% -1.7% 15.7% Float revenue 75 40 97.3% -11.8% 85.5% Total Revenues 593 488 24.0% -2.5% 21.5%BREAKDOWN OF TOTAL REVENUES BY LINES OF SERVICESIn millions of eurosQ1 pro-forma Q1 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Employee benefits 222 182 27.1% -5.5% 21.6% Other products & services 44 43 0.2% 2.2% 2.4% Total Revenues 266 225 22.0% -4.1% 17.9% Q2 FY 2024 Q2 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Employee benefits 272 216 27.8% -1.9% 25.9% Other products & services 55 46 15.4% 3.0% 18.4% Total Revenues 327 262 25.7% -1.1% 24.6% H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Employee benefits 494 399 27.5% -3.6% 23.9% Other products & services 99 89 8.1% 2.6% 10.7% Total Revenues 593 488 24.0% -2.5% 21.5%BREAKDOWN OF TOTAL REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHYIn millions of eurosQ1 pro-forma Q1 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Continental Europe 108 95 13.5% 0.1% 13.6% Latin America 110 85 28.7% 0.4% 29.0% Rest of the World 48 45 27.8% -22.1% 5.8% Total Revenues 266 225 22.0% -4.1% 17.9% Q2 FY 2024 Q2 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Continental Europe 155 126 23.3% 0.0% 23.3% Latin America 117 89 26.0% 5.4% 31.4% Rest of the World 54 47 31.4% -16.4% 15.0% Total Revenues 327 262 25.7% -1.1% 24.6% H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Continental Europe 264 221 19.1% 0.1% 19.2% Latin America 227 174 27.3% 3.0% 30.3% Rest of the World 102 92 29.7% -19.2% 10.5% Total Revenues 593 488 24.0% -2.5% 21.5%SUMMARIZED BALANCE SHEET(in € millions) February29  2024 August 31 2023 February29  2024 August 31 2023 Trade receivables related to the Float 1 288 1 075 Total value in circulation and related payables 3 950 3 543 Restricted cash 997 936 Short-term borrowings(3) 1 116 1 254 Current financial assets 472 542 Long-term borrowings(3) 71 49 Cash and cash equivalents 1 799 1 625 Bank overdrafts 20 5 Other assets 1 580 1 495 Other liabilities 979 822 Total Assets 6 136 5 673 Total Equity and Liabilities 6 136 5 673Notes: (3) Including lease liabilities.Float amounting to €2 781 million as of February 29  2024  made of 3 950 million of Value in circulation and related payables minus €1 288 million of Trade receivables related to the Float restated of €118 million from Advances from clients.SUMMARY OF CASH FLOW GENERATION(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 Recurring EBITDA 201 163 Capital expenditures (68) (53) Change in working capital excluding Restricted cash variation 158 215 Exclusion of antitrust one-off penalty payment - 45 Other(4) (63) (40) Recurring Free cash flow(5) 228 330 Recurring Cash conversion 113% 202%Notes: (4) Partly including repayments of Lease Liabilities  income tax paid  and financial result. Excluding impact from other income and expenses received/paid. (5) Including the net effects from the transfer of receivables as part of the Sodexo Group amounting to €65m in H1 FY 2023.Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the Group's intentions  current beliefs  expectations and assumptions  including  without limitation  assumptions regarding the Group's future business strategies and the environment in which the Group operates  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other important factors beyond the Group's control  which may cause the Group's actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed in the prospectus dated January 10  2024 which is available on the Company website (www.pluxeegroup.com) and the AFM website (www.afm.nl). Accordingly  readers of this press release are cautioned on relying on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release and Pluxee Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based.DisclaimerThis press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States  or any other jurisdiction.Attachment",neutral,0.36,0.62,0.02,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Fiscal 2024 Organic revenue growth', 'Recurring EBITDA margin objectives', 'Pluxee N.V.', 'strong performance', 'First Half', 'First Half Fiscal 2024 key figures', 'leading global pure player', 'disciplined M&A strategy', 'negative currency translation effect', 'First Half Fiscal 2024 results performance', 'Recurring free cash flow', 'main consolidated financial items', 'double digit organic growth', 'half-year consolidated financial statements', 'First Half Fiscal 2024 highlights', 'strong Recurring Cash conversion', 'Net financial cash position', 'Strong organic revenue growth', 'Group strategic growth plan', 'Recurring operating profit margin', 'Net cash position', 'higher one-time items', 'Aurélien Sonet', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Strong business momentum', 'inaugural bond issue', 'usual limited review', 'SUMMARIZED INCOME STATEMENT', 'positive market dynamics', 'favourable macro environment', 'new client wins', 'Other operating income', 'Group equity holders', 'Strong Recurring EBITDA', 'Recurring EBITDA margin', 'standalone listed company', 'distinctive value proposition', 'Fiscal 2024 financial objectives', 'Fiscal 2024 organic growth', 'EBITDA margin objectives', 'Income tax expense', 'Pluxee N.V.', 'recent successful listing', 'first results', 'strategic plan', '+28% organic growth', '+25.7% organic growth', 'second half', 'buoyant performance', 'strong improvement', 'strong start', 'topline growth', 'Sodexo Group', 'The Group', 'various statements', 'Net profit', 'Successful spin-off', 'standalone costs', 'higher volumes', 'net effects', 'Financial result', 'Operating expenses', 'Euronext Paris', 'constant rates', 'mid-term targets', 'Total revenues', 'good progress', 'excellent work', 'unrelenting commitment', 'robust set', 'significant step', 'long-standing vision', 'Employee Benefits', 'powerful tech', 'data capabilities', 'statutory auditor', 'Basic earnings', 'rounding differences', 'hyperinflationary accounting', 'second quarter', 'value increase', 'FY 2024 H1', 'H1 FY', 'FY 2023 Variation', 'entire team', 'three regions', 'million euros', '34.4% margin', '+21.5% increase', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'France', 'April', 'February', 'August', 'millions', 'period', 'Note', 'transfer', 'receivables', 'part', 'expectations', 'testament', 'colleagues', 'contribution', 'Engagement', 'wealth', 'expertise', 'confidence', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'impairment', 'share', 'thousands', 'amounts', 'application', 'Turkey', 'face']",2024-04-06,2024-04-19,finanznachrichten.de
