UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
29237,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729263/0/en/Rovio-Entertainment-Corp-Notice-to-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Rovio-Entertainment-Corporation.html,Rovio Entertainment Corp.: Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment Corporation,Rovio Entertainment Corporation      Stock Exchange Release        August 22  2023 at 1.00 p.m. EET  Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of...,Rovio Entertainment Corporation Stock Exchange Release August 22  2023 at 1.00 p.m. EETNotice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Rovio Entertainment Corporation (“Rovio” or the “Company”) of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  September 12  2023 at 1:00 p.m. (Finnish time) at the Company’s premises  Keilaranta 7  02150 Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the Extraordinary General Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the venue at 12:00 noon. There will be no catering at the venue.On April 17  2023  Sega Sammy Holdings Inc. (“SSHD”) and Rovio entered into a combination agreement (the “Combination Agreement”) pursuant to which Sega Europe Limited (the “Offeror”)  that is directly and wholly owned by Sega Corporation  that  in turn  is directly and wholly owned by SSHD  made a tender offer for all of the issued and outstanding shares in Rovio  excluding shares held by Rovio and its subsidiaries  and all of the issued and outstanding options under Rovio’s Stock Options 2022A plan (the “Offer”). The Offer was commenced on May 8  2023.On August 10  2023  the Offeror announced that it will complete the Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions. The offer consideration was paid on August 17  2023 to each shareholder and option holder who had validly accepted the Offer  after which shares held by the Offeror represents approximately 96.3% percent of all of the issued and outstanding shares in Rovio that are not held by Rovio and any of its subsidiaries.Pursuant to the Combination Agreement  as soon as the Offeror has publicly confirmed that it will complete the Offer  the Board of Directors of the Company shall  at the Offeror’s written request  convene an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. This notice  including the matters to be considered at the Extraordinary General Meeting  is based upon that written request by the Offeror.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting of Rovio held on April 3  2023 resolved on the monthly remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors as follows: to the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 9 500; to the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 7 500  to the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 5 000 each  and as additional monthly compensation to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500. The Board members and committee members are also compensated for reasonable travel expenses arising from Board or committee work.It is proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the monthly remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on April 3  2023 be paid in proportion to the length of their term.It is further proposed that no remuneration is paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected for the term of office commencing at the close of the Extraordinary General Meeting and ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All members of the Board of Directors to be elected shall be compensated for reasonable travel and other expenses directly related to their Board work.7. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors be three (3).8. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting that Mr. Shuji Utsumi  Mr. Tatsuyuki Miyazaki and Mr. Alexandre Pelletier-Normand be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term of office commencing at the closing of the Extraordinary General Meeting and ending at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting. The term of office of Rovio’s current Board members would end upon the commence of the term of the above-mentioned Board members.It is further proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting that Mr. Shuji Utsumi be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors and Mr. Tatsuyuki Miyazaki as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors for the term ending at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting.All persons mentioned above have given their consent to the position. A presentation of the members of the Board of Directors proposed for election can be found on Rovio’s website at https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023.9. Resolution on the disbandment of the Shareholders’ Nomination BoardRovio has a Shareholders’ Nomination Board (the “Nomination Board”)  which has been appointed by its Annual General Meeting on March 30  2021. The Nomination Board has been established to serve until further notice.It is proposed that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves that the Nomination Board is disbanded so that the decision would become effective immediately upon having been taken by the Extraordinary General Meeting.10. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting and this notice are available on Company's website at https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023 . The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Extraordinary General Meeting. The minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on September 26  2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholder registerEach shareholder  who is on the record date of the meeting on August 31  2023 registered in the shareholder register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the shareholder register of the Company.Registration to the Extraordinary General Meeting commences on August 22  2023 at 1:00 p.m. (Finnish time). A shareholder  who is registered in the Company's shareholder register and who wants to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on September 6  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) by giving a prior notice of participation  which shall be received by the Company no later than on the above-mentioned time. Such notice can be given:a) through Company's website at the address https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023Registration requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder. Registration is done via Euroclear Finland Oy. When shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company’s website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. After this  a shareholder can in one session register to the Extraordinary General Meeting and authorize a proxy representative. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. In such a case  however  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number  their business identity code and other required information. If a legal person utilizes the Suomi.fi electronic authorization  as further described below in section C.3  registration requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which works with bank codes or the mobile ID.b) by telephone to +358 20 788 8300 from Monday to Friday between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time); orc) by regular mail to Rovio Entertainment Corporation  EGM 2023  Keilaranta 7  FI-02150 Espoo  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identity code  address  telephone number and email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative and any other information requested. Any personal data provided to the Company in connection with the registration will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice for the Extraordinary General Meeting for purposes related to organizing the Extraordinary General Meeting.A shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting  i.e. on August 31  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholder register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest on September 6  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time). As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder's register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting from their custodian. The account manager of the custodian must register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting  temporarily into the shareholder register of the Company by September 6  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) at the latest.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot register for the Extraordinary General Meeting on the Company’s website  but they must be registered by their custodians instead.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website at https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Proxy representatives registering electronically for the Extraordinary General Meeting must identify themselves personally through strong electronic authentication  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent.If a shareholder participates in the Extraordinary General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.Natural persons may appoint a proxy representative in connection with the registration to the Extraordinary General Meeting at the Company’s website. Otherwise  a proxy document must be used.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to the Company either in originals to the address Rovio Entertainment Corporation  EGM 2023  Keilaranta 7  FI-02150 Espoo  Finland or via email to rovio.egm@rovio.com before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents have to be received. In addition to delivering proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to the registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the Extraordinary General Meeting in Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service  authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other instructions and informationThe information concerning the Extraordinary General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Market Act is available on the Company's website https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Extraordinary General Meeting.On the date of this notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting  the total number of shares in Rovio Entertainment Corporation and the total number of votes represented by such shares is 82 963 825. On the date of this notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting the Company holds 6 784 762 own shares. Such own shares do not carry voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting August 31  2023 will not affect the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting or the number of votes of a shareholder at the Extraordinary General Meeting.The Extraordinary General Meeting will be conducted in Finnish.In Espoo  August 22  2023ROVIO ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATIONTHE BOARD OF DIRECTORSAttachment,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Rovio Entertainment Corp.', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'Notice', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation Stock Exchange Release', 'Stock Options 2022A plan', 'Sega Sammy Holdings Inc.', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sega Europe Limited', 'Mr. Shuji Utsumi', 'Mr. Tatsuyuki Miyazaki', 'Mr. Alexandre Pelletier-Normand', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'additional monthly compensation', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Sega Corporation', 'The Nomination Board', 'current Board members', 'outstanding options', 'The Board members', 'other expenses', 'Finnish time', 'voting tickets', 'combination agreement', 'option holder', 'Audit Committee', 'committee work', 'monthly remuneration', 'Board work', 'outstanding shares', 'A. MATTERS', 'other members', 'committee members', 'Vice Chair', 'tender offer', 'offer consideration', 'Notice', 'Company', 'Tuesday', 'September', 'premises', 'Keilaranta', '02150 Espoo', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'venue', '12:00 noon', 'April', 'SSHD', 'Offeror', 'turn', 'subsidiaries', 'May', 'August', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', '96.3% percent', 'Directors', 'request', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolution', 'proportion', 'length', 'office', 'close', 'number', 'closing', 'commence', 'consent', 'position', 'presentation', 'website', 'releases-events', 'disbandment', 'March', '1.00', '1:00']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29238,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROVIO-ENTERTAINMENT-OYJ-37980118/news/Rovio-Entertainment-Corp-Notice-to-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Rovio-Entertainment-Corpor-44667951/,Rovio Entertainment Corp.: Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment Corporation -Yesterday at 06:01 am,(marketscreener.com) Rovio Entertainment Corporation      Stock Exchange Release        August 22  2023 at 1.00 p.m. EET Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment Corporation Notice is given to the shareholders of Rovio Entertainment …,Rovio Entertainment Corporation Stock Exchange Release August 22  2023 at 1.00 p.m. EETNotice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Rovio Entertainment Corporation (“Rovio” or the “Company”) of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  September 12  2023 at 1:00 p.m. (Finnish time) at the Company’s premises  Keilaranta 7  02150 Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the Extraordinary General Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the venue at 12:00 noon. There will be no catering at the venue.On April 17  2023  Sega Sammy Holdings Inc. (“SSHD”) and Rovio entered into a combination agreement (the “Combination Agreement”) pursuant to which Sega Europe Limited (the “Offeror”)  that is directly and wholly owned by Sega Corporation  that  in turn  is directly and wholly owned by SSHD  made a tender offer for all of the issued and outstanding shares in Rovio  excluding shares held by Rovio and its subsidiaries  and all of the issued and outstanding options under Rovio’s Stock Options 2022A plan (the “Offer”). The Offer was commenced on May 8  2023.On August 10  2023  the Offeror announced that it will complete the Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions. The offer consideration was paid on August 17  2023 to each shareholder and option holder who had validly accepted the Offer  after which shares held by the Offeror represents approximately 96.3% percent of all of the issued and outstanding shares in Rovio that are not held by Rovio and any of its subsidiaries.Pursuant to the Combination Agreement  as soon as the Offeror has publicly confirmed that it will complete the Offer  the Board of Directors of the Company shall  at the Offeror’s written request  convene an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. This notice  including the matters to be considered at the Extraordinary General Meeting  is based upon that written request by the Offeror.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting of Rovio held on April 3  2023 resolved on the monthly remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors as follows: to the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 9 500; to the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 7 500  to the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 5 000 each  and as additional monthly compensation to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500. The Board members and committee members are also compensated for reasonable travel expenses arising from Board or committee work.It is proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the monthly remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on April 3  2023 be paid in proportion to the length of their term.It is further proposed that no remuneration is paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected for the term of office commencing at the close of the Extraordinary General Meeting and ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All members of the Board of Directors to be elected shall be compensated for reasonable travel and other expenses directly related to their Board work.7. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors be three (3).8. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting that Mr. Shuji Utsumi  Mr. Tatsuyuki Miyazaki and Mr. Alexandre Pelletier-Normand be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term of office commencing at the closing of the Extraordinary General Meeting and ending at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting. The term of office of Rovio’s current Board members would end upon the commence of the term of the above-mentioned Board members.It is further proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting that Mr. Shuji Utsumi be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors and Mr. Tatsuyuki Miyazaki as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors for the term ending at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting.All persons mentioned above have given their consent to the position. A presentation of the members of the Board of Directors proposed for election can be found on Rovio’s website at https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023.9. Resolution on the disbandment of the Shareholders’ Nomination BoardRovio has a Shareholders’ Nomination Board (the “Nomination Board”)  which has been appointed by its Annual General Meeting on March 30  2021. The Nomination Board has been established to serve until further notice.It is proposed that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves that the Nomination Board is disbanded so that the decision would become effective immediately upon having been taken by the Extraordinary General Meeting.10. Closing of theMeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting and this notice are available on Company's website at https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023 . The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Extraordinary General Meeting. The minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on September 26  2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholder registerEach shareholder  who is on the record date of the meeting on August 31  2023 registered in the shareholder register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the shareholder register of the Company.Registration to the Extraordinary General Meeting commences on August 22  2023 at 1:00 p.m. (Finnish time). A shareholder  who is registered in the Company's shareholder register and who wants to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on September 6  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) by giving a prior notice of participation  which shall be received by the Company no later than on the above-mentioned time. Such notice can be given:a) through Company's website at the address https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023Registration requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder. Registration is done via Euroclear Finland Oy. When shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company’s website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. After this  a shareholder can in one session register to the Extraordinary General Meeting and authorize a proxy representative. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. In such a case  however  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number  their business identity code and other required information. If a legal person utilizes the Suomi.fi electronic authorization  as further described below in section C.3  registration requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which works with bank codes or the mobile ID.b) by telephone to +358 20 788 8300 from Monday to Friday between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time); orc) by regular mail to Rovio Entertainment Corporation  EGM 2023  Keilaranta 7  FI-02150 Espoo  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identity code  address  telephone number and email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative and any other information requested. Any personal data provided to the Company in connection with the registration will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Notice for the Extraordinary General Meeting for purposes related to organizing the Extraordinary General Meeting.A shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting  i.e. on August 31  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholder register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest on September 6  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time). As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder's register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting from their custodian. The account manager of the custodian must register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting  temporarily into the shareholder register of the Company by September 6  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) at the latest.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot register for the Extraordinary General Meeting on the Company’s website  but they must be registered by their custodians instead.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website at https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Proxy representatives registering electronically for the Extraordinary General Meeting must identify themselves personally through strong electronic authentication  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent.If a shareholder participates in the Extraordinary General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.Natural persons may appoint a proxy representative in connection with the registration to the Extraordinary General Meeting at the Company’s website. Otherwise  a proxy document must be used.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to the Company either in originals to the address Rovio Entertainment Corporation  EGM 2023  Keilaranta 7  FI-02150 Espoo  Finland or via email to rovio.egm@rovio.com before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents have to be received. In addition to delivering proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to the registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the Extraordinary General Meeting in Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service  authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other instructions and informationThe information concerning the Extraordinary General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Market Act is available on the Company's website https://investors.rovio.com/en/releases-events/general-meetings/extraordinary-general-meeting-2023.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Extraordinary General Meeting.On the date of this notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting  the total number of shares in Rovio Entertainment Corporation and the total number of votes represented by such shares is 82 963 825. On the date of this notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting the Company holds 6 784 762 own shares. Such own shares do not carry voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting August 31  2023 will not affect the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting or the number of votes of a shareholder at the Extraordinary General Meeting.The Extraordinary General Meeting will be conducted in Finnish.In Espoo  August 22  2023ROVIO ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATIONTHE BOARD OF DIRECTORSAttachment,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Rovio Entertainment Corp.', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'Notice', '06', '01', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation Stock Exchange Release', 'Stock Options 2022A plan', 'Sega Sammy Holdings Inc.', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sega Europe Limited', 'Mr. Shuji Utsumi', 'Mr. Tatsuyuki Miyazaki', 'Mr. Alexandre Pelletier-Normand', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'additional monthly compensation', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Sega Corporation', 'The Nomination Board', 'current Board members', 'outstanding options', 'The Board members', 'other expenses', 'Finnish time', 'voting tickets', 'combination agreement', 'option holder', 'Audit Committee', 'committee work', 'monthly remuneration', 'Board work', 'outstanding shares', 'A. MATTERS', 'other members', 'committee members', 'Vice Chair', 'tender offer', 'offer consideration', 'Notice', 'Company', 'Tuesday', 'September', 'premises', 'Keilaranta', '02150 Espoo', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'venue', '12:00 noon', 'April', 'SSHD', 'Offeror', 'turn', 'subsidiaries', 'May', 'August', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', '96.3% percent', 'Directors', 'request', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolution', 'proportion', 'length', 'office', 'close', 'number', 'closing', 'commence', 'consent', 'position', 'presentation', 'website', 'releases-events', 'disbandment', 'March', '1.00', '1:00']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29239,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/sobi-resolves-on-a-rights-issue-of-approximately-sek-6-024-million-301907243.html,Sobi resolves on a rights issue of approximately SEK 6 024 million,"STOCKHOLM  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi®) (STO: SOBI) (""Sobi"" or the ""Company"") has  based on the authorisation of the Extraordinary General Meeting on 15 August 2023  resolved on a new share…","STOCKHOLM  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi®) (STO: SOBI) (""Sobi"" or the ""Company"") has  based on the authorisation of the Extraordinary General Meeting on 15 August 2023  resolved on a new share issue of common shares with preferential rights for Sobi's existing shareholders amounting to approximately SEK 6 024 million. The purpose of the rights issue is to repay part of the bridge loan that partly finances the acquisition of CTI BioPharma Corp. (""CTI"")  which was completed by Sobi on 26 June 2023.NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  RELEASE OR PUBLICATION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES (INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA)  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION  RELEASE OR PUBLICATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THE PRESS RELEASE.The rights issue in brief[1]The rights issue comprises of up to 42 419 668 new common shares.Existing shareholders in Sobi have preferential rights to subscribe for one (1) new common share per seven (7) existing shares  i.e. an issue ratio of 1:7.The subscription price has been set to SEK 142 per new common share  resulting in total proceeds of approximately SEK 6 024 million   before issue costs.  before issue costs. The record date for participation in the rights issue is 29 August 2023 .. The subscription period for subscription of new common shares will last from 31 August 2023 to 14 September 2023 .to . As has been previously communicated  the purpose of the rights issue is to repay part of the bridge loan that partly finances the acquisition of CTI.Investor AB (publ)  representing approximately 36.2 per cent of the shares in the Company  has undertaken to subscribe for its pro rata share of the rights issue.Fjärde AP-fonden  Polar Capital  Handelsbanken Fonder  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Nordea Investment Management AB acting on behalf of its underlying clients  together representing approximately 13.5 per cent of the shares in the Company  have expressed their intention to subscribe for their respective pro rata share of the rights issue based on the shares held at the record date of the rights issue.Background and reasons for the rights issueOn 10 May 2023  Sobi announced that the Company had entered into an agreement  under which Sobi agreed to submit a cash tender offer for all the shares in CTI for a purchase price of USD 1 684 million (corresponding to SEK 18 060 million[2]). The acquisition was completed on 26 June 2023 after successful completion of the tender offer.CTI is a U.S. commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on blood-related cancers and rare diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Sobi believes that the acquisition of CTI complements and further strengthens Sobi's haematology franchise  and that CTI's product VONJO® (pacritinib) is complementary to Sobi's existing portfolio  specifically Doptelet®  and will expand Sobi's position in rare haematology and expediate access for patients to both therapies globally. Sobi further believes that the acquisition of CTI will accelerate the group's revenue growth and improve its margins  by adding a differentiated and commercial-stage asset in the United States with the potential for further expansion globally. In addition  Sobi expects revenue and cost synergies from leveraging the complementary nature of Sobi's existing U.S. commercial operations and global sales infrastructure in haematology and rare diseases.The acquisition of CTI has been funded through bank financing corresponding to a total of SEK 17 350 million[3]  of which SEK 8 000 million consists of a bridge loan  provided by Bank of America Europe Designated Activity Company and Danske Bank A/S  Danmark  Sverige Filial (""Danske Bank""). The net proceeds from the rights issue will be used to repay part of the bridge loan  which will strengthen Sobi's financial position and enable continued future investments  including further acquisitions  for the implementation of the Company's strategy.Subscription undertaking and expressions of intent[4]The Company's largest shareholder Investor AB (publ)  representing approximately 36.2 per cent of the shares in the Company  has undertaken to subscribe for its pro rata share of the rights issue. In addition  Fjärde AP-fonden  Polar Capital  Handelsbanken Fonder  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Nordea Investment Management AB acting on behalf of its underlying clients  together representing approximately 13.5 per cent of the shares in the Company  have expressed their intention to subscribe for their respective pro rata share of the rights issue based on the shares held at the record date of the rights issue.The aforementioned subscription undertaking is not secured through  for example  bank guarantees.Lock-up undertakingsThe Company has  in a customary manner  undertaken not to  without the prior written consent of BofA Securities Europe SA (""BofA Securities"") and Danske Bank  from today and for a period of 180 calendar days from the announcement of the final outcome of the rights issue  carry out a capital increase  issue of shares or similar action  dispose of shares or certain share-related instruments or take any other similar action that would have the effect of transferring economic rights attached to the shares (with certain exceptions).In addition  Investor AB (publ) has  under the subscription undertaking  undertaken not to  without the prior written consent of the Company  reduce its holdings in the Company until the record date for the rights issue  or dispose of any subscription rights received under the rights issue during the period from the record date for the rights issue until and included the last day of the subscription period. Investor AB (publ) shall  however  not be restricted from divesting shares pursuant to previously issued call options.Terms and conditions of the rights issueThose who are registered by Euroclear Sweden AB as shareholders in Sobi on the record date 29 August 2023 will receive one (1) subscription right for each share held in Sobi. Seven (7) subscription rights entitle to subscription for one (1) new common share.The rights issue will  if fully subscribed  increase the share capital by a maximum of SEK 23 275 903.56  through the issuance of up to 42 419 668[5] new common shares. Existing shareholders who choose not to participate in the rights issue will have their holdings diluted by up to approximately 12.5 per cent (excluding treasury shares held by Sobi) but have the possibility to compensate themselves financially for the dilution by selling their subscription rights no later than 11 September 2023.The subscription price has been set to SEK 142 per new common share  corresponding to total issue proceeds of approximately SEK 6 024 million  before issue costs. The net proceeds of approximately SEK 5 954 million will be used to repay part of the bridge loan of SEK 8 000 million that partly finances the acquisition of CTI.The existing shares are eligible to receive subscription rights up until and including 25 August 2023 and the first day of trading in shares excluding the right to receive subscription rights is 28 August 2023. The subscription period will take place during the period from and including 31 August 2023 up to and including 14 September 2023. Sobi's Board of Directors has the right to extend the subscription period which  when applicable  will be announced through a press release on 14 September 2023 at the latest.Trading in subscription rights will take place on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 31 August 2023 up to and including 11 September 2023.If not all of the new common shares are subscribed for by exercise of subscription rights  the Board of Directors shall resolve on allotment of common shares subscribed for without the exercise of subscription rights up to the maximum amount of the share issue. In such case  priority will be given firstly to those who have applied for subscription and subscribed for shares by the exercise of subscription rights  irrespective of whether or not they were shareholders on the record date  and in the event of oversubscription  pro rata in relation to the number of subscription rights exercised for the subscription of shares  or  to the extent not possible  through drawing of lots. Secondly  allotment shall be made to other parties who have applied to subscribe for shares without the exercise of subscription rights (the general public in Sweden and Denmark and ""qualified investors"")  and in the event of oversubscription  pro rata in relation to such declared interest stated in the respective application form  or  to the extent not possible  through the drawing of lots.The complete terms and conditions for the rights issue and information about Sobi will be presented in the prospectus regarding the rights issue  that is intended to be published on or about 28 August 2023 on the Company's website (www.sobi.com).Indicative timetable for the rights issue25 August Last day of trading in Sobi's shares including the right to receive subscription rights 28 August First day of trading in Sobi's shares excluding the right to receive subscription rights 28 August Estimated date for publication of the prospectus 29 August Record date for the rights issue (shareholders who are registered in the share register on this date will receive subscription rights that entitle them to participate in the rights issue) 31 August – 11 September Trading in subscription rights on Nasdaq Stockholm 31 August –14 September Subscription period 31 August – 26 September Trading in paid subscribed shares (BTA) on Nasdaq Stockholm 18 September Announcement of the preliminary outcome of the rights issue 19 September Announcement of the final outcome of the rights issueAdvisersBofA Securities and Danske Bank act as Joint Global Coordinators and Bookrunners in relation to the rights issue. For the avoidance of doubt  BofA Securities and Danske Bank are not and will not be involved with any offers and sales in the rights issue by Sobi inside the United States.Mannheimer Swartling is acting as legal adviser to Sobi in relation to the rights issue  Latham & Watkins (London) LLP is acting as U.S. legal adviser to Sobi in relation to the rights issue and Linklaters is acting as legal adviser to BofA Securities and Danske Bank in relation to the rights issue.SobiSobi® is a specialised international biopharmaceutical company transforming the lives of people with rare and debilitating diseases. Providing reliable access to innovative medicines in the areas of haematology  immunology and specialty care  Sobi has approximately 1 800 employees across Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia and Australia. In 2022  revenue amounted to SEK 18.8 billion. Sobi's share (STO:SOBI) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. More about Sobi at www.sobi.com  LinkedIn and YouTube.For more information  please contact:Tobias CottmannHead of Investor Relations & External Communication (interim)+41 79 287 10 51tobias.cottmann@sobi.comThis is information of the type that Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) is obligated to make public in accordance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication through the agency of the contact person above on 22 August 2023 at 20:30 CEST.Important noticeThis press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution  release or publication would be unlawful. This press release do not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the ""Securities"") of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (the ""Company"") in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. The Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). The Securities have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States.The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the applicable securities laws of Australia  Japan  Canada  Hong Kong  Singapore  South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures  and therefore may not be offered  subscribed for  used  pledged  sold  resold  allotted  delivered or otherwise transferred  directly or indirectly  or for the account or benefit of any person having a registered address in  or located or resident in  Australia  Japan  Canada  Hong Kong  Singapore  South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures.In any Member State of the European Economic Area (""EEA"")  other than Sweden or any EEA Member State to which the prospectus is passported under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"")  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (""Qualified Investors"")  and no person outside of Sweden or any EEA Member State to which the prospectus is passported under the Prospectus Regulation  that is not a relevant person or a Qualified Investor may act or rely on these materials or any of its contents.In the United Kingdom  this communication is being distributed to and is directed only at qualified investors  within the meaning under Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended from time to time  who are also (i) persons who are investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities  or (iii) other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The Securities are only available in the United Kingdom to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire the Securities will be engaged in only with  the relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.The press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or issue  or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire  or subscribe for  any of the Securities. Invitation to the persons concerned to subscribe for shares in the Company will only be made by means of the prospectus that the Company intends to publish on the Company's website  following the approval and registration of the prospectus by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen). This press release has not been approved by any regulatory authority and is not a prospectus. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities referred to in this press release except on the basis of information contained in the prospectus to be published by the Company.None of BofA Securities and Danske Bank or any of their respective affiliates or any of their or their affiliates' directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for/or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Each of BofA Securities and Danske Bank is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the rights issue. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the rights issue and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the rights issue  the contents of this announcement or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to certain of the Company's current expectations and projections about future events. These statements  which sometimes use words such as ""intend "" ""proposed "" ""plan "" ""expect "" and words of similar meaning  reflect management's beliefs and expectations and involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions (including the completion of the transactions described in this announcement) that could cause actual results and performance to differ materially from any expected future results or performance expressed or implied by the forward-looking statement. Statements contained in this announcement regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. The information contained in this announcement is subject to change without notice and  except as required by applicable law  the Company does not assume any responsibility or obligation to update publicly or review any of the forward-looking statements contained in it. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as at the date of this announcement.[1] Excluding treasury shares. As of 22 August 2023  Sobi held 14 399 118 treasury shares (common shares)  which do not entitle to participation in the rights issue.[2] Based on a USD/SEK rate of 10.7217 as of 26 June 2023.[3] The total amount of SEK 17 350 million (based on an EUR/SEK rate of 11.6837 as of 26 June 2023) consists of long-term debt financing of EUR 800 million and a bridge loan of SEK 8 000 million.[4] Excluding treasury shares. As of 22 August 2023  Sobi held 14 399 118 treasury shares (common shares)  which do not entitle to participation in the rights issue.[5] Excluding treasury shares. As of 22 August 2023  Sobi held 14 399 118 treasury shares (common shares)  which do not entitle to participation in the rights issue  whereby the total number of new common shares amounts to not more than 42 419 668.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14266/3821814/2242908.pdf Sobi resolves on a rights issue of approximately SEK 6 024 millionSOURCE Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB",neutral,0.02,0.85,0.12,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['rights issue', 'Sobi', 'SEK', 'existing U.S. commercial operations', 'U.S. commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB', 'Nordea Investment Management AB', 'largest shareholder Investor AB', 'respective pro rata share', 'one (1) new common share', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Fjärde AP-fonden', 'global sales infrastructure', 'continued future investments', 'prior written consent', 'new share issue', 'Swedbank Robur Fonder', 'cash tender offer', 'BofA Securities Europe', '42,419,668 new common shares', 'seven (7) existing shares', 'Danske Bank A/S', 'CTI BioPharma Corp.', 'commercial-stage asset', 'existing portfolio', 'existing shareholders', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'rights issue', 'issue ratio', 'issue costs', 'preferential rights', 'bridge loan', 'UNITED STATES', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'record date', '36.2 per cent', 'Polar Capital', 'underlying clients', '13.5 per cent', 'purchase price', 'successful completion', 'blood-related cancers', 'rare diseases', 'product VONJO®', 'cost synergies', 'complementary nature', 'bank financing', 'Sverige Filial', 'net proceeds', 'bank guarantees', 'Lock-up undertakings', 'customary manner', 'subscription price', 'subscription period', 'Subscription undertaking', 'haematology franchise', 'rare haematology', 'Activity Company', 'total proceeds', 'revenue growth', 'financial position', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'The Company', 'Aug.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Sobi®', 'authorisation', '15 August', 'purpose', 'part', 'acquisition', '26 June', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'POSSESSIONS', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'brief', 'SEK', '29 August', '31 August', '14 September', 'publ', 'behalf', 'intention', 'reasons', '10 May', 'agreement', 'pacritinib', 'Doptelet', 'access', 'patients', 'group', 'margins', 'differentiated', 'potential', 'expansion', 'addition', 'America', 'Danmark', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'expressions', 'example']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,prnewswire.co.uk
29240,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sobi-resolves-on-a-rights-issue-of-approximately-sek-6-024-million-301907243.html,Sobi resolves on a rights issue of approximately SEK 6 024 million,"STOCKHOLM  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi®) (STO: SOBI) (""Sobi"" or the ""Company"") has  based on the authorisation of the Extraordinary General Meeting on 15 August 2023  resolved on a new share…","STOCKHOLM  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi®) (STO: SOBI) (""Sobi"" or the ""Company"") has  based on the authorisation of the Extraordinary General Meeting on 15 August 2023  resolved on a new share issue of common shares with preferential rights for Sobi's existing shareholders amounting to approximately SEK 6 024 million. The purpose of the rights issue is to repay part of the bridge loan that partly finances the acquisition of CTI BioPharma Corp. (""CTI"")  which was completed by Sobi on 26 June 2023.NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  RELEASE OR PUBLICATION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES (INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA)  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION  RELEASE OR PUBLICATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THE PRESS RELEASE.The rights issue in brief[1]The rights issue comprises of up to 42 419 668 new common shares.Existing shareholders in Sobi have preferential rights to subscribe for one (1) new common share per seven (7) existing shares  i.e. an issue ratio of 1:7.The subscription price has been set to SEK 142 per new common share  resulting in total proceeds of approximately SEK 6 024 million   before issue costs.  before issue costs. The record date for participation in the rights issue is 29 August 2023 .. The subscription period for subscription of new common shares will last from 31 August 2023 to 14 September 2023 .to . As has been previously communicated  the purpose of the rights issue is to repay part of the bridge loan that partly finances the acquisition of CTI.Investor AB (publ)  representing approximately 36.2 per cent of the shares in the Company  has undertaken to subscribe for its pro rata share of the rights issue.Fjärde AP-fonden  Polar Capital  Handelsbanken Fonder  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Nordea Investment Management AB acting on behalf of its underlying clients  together representing approximately 13.5 per cent of the shares in the Company  have expressed their intention to subscribe for their respective pro rata share of the rights issue based on the shares held at the record date of the rights issue.Background and reasons for the rights issueOn 10 May 2023  Sobi announced that the Company had entered into an agreement  under which Sobi agreed to submit a cash tender offer for all the shares in CTI for a purchase price of USD 1 684 million (corresponding to SEK 18 060 million[2]). The acquisition was completed on 26 June 2023 after successful completion of the tender offer.CTI is a U.S. commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on blood-related cancers and rare diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Sobi believes that the acquisition of CTI complements and further strengthens Sobi's haematology franchise  and that CTI's product VONJO® (pacritinib) is complementary to Sobi's existing portfolio  specifically Doptelet®  and will expand Sobi's position in rare haematology and expediate access for patients to both therapies globally. Sobi further believes that the acquisition of CTI will accelerate the group's revenue growth and improve its margins  by adding a differentiated and commercial-stage asset in the United States with the potential for further expansion globally. In addition  Sobi expects revenue and cost synergies from leveraging the complementary nature of Sobi's existing U.S. commercial operations and global sales infrastructure in haematology and rare diseases.The acquisition of CTI has been funded through bank financing corresponding to a total of SEK 17 350 million[3]  of which SEK 8 000 million consists of a bridge loan  provided by Bank of America Europe Designated Activity Company and Danske Bank A/S  Danmark  Sverige Filial (""Danske Bank""). The net proceeds from the rights issue will be used to repay part of the bridge loan  which will strengthen Sobi's financial position and enable continued future investments  including further acquisitions  for the implementation of the Company's strategy.Subscription undertaking and expressions of intent[4]The Company's largest shareholder Investor AB (publ)  representing approximately 36.2 per cent of the shares in the Company  has undertaken to subscribe for its pro rata share of the rights issue. In addition  Fjärde AP-fonden  Polar Capital  Handelsbanken Fonder  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Nordea Investment Management AB acting on behalf of its underlying clients  together representing approximately 13.5 per cent of the shares in the Company  have expressed their intention to subscribe for their respective pro rata share of the rights issue based on the shares held at the record date of the rights issue.The aforementioned subscription undertaking is not secured through  for example  bank guarantees.Lock-up undertakingsThe Company has  in a customary manner  undertaken not to  without the prior written consent of BofA Securities Europe SA (""BofA Securities"") and Danske Bank  from today and for a period of 180 calendar days from the announcement of the final outcome of the rights issue  carry out a capital increase  issue of shares or similar action  dispose of shares or certain share-related instruments or take any other similar action that would have the effect of transferring economic rights attached to the shares (with certain exceptions).In addition  Investor AB (publ) has  under the subscription undertaking  undertaken not to  without the prior written consent of the Company  reduce its holdings in the Company until the record date for the rights issue  or dispose of any subscription rights received under the rights issue during the period from the record date for the rights issue until and included the last day of the subscription period. Investor AB (publ) shall  however  not be restricted from divesting shares pursuant to previously issued call options.Terms and conditions of the rights issueThose who are registered by Euroclear Sweden AB as shareholders in Sobi on the record date 29 August 2023 will receive one (1) subscription right for each share held in Sobi. Seven (7) subscription rights entitle to subscription for one (1) new common share.The rights issue will  if fully subscribed  increase the share capital by a maximum of SEK 23 275 903.56  through the issuance of up to 42 419 668[5] new common shares. Existing shareholders who choose not to participate in the rights issue will have their holdings diluted by up to approximately 12.5 per cent (excluding treasury shares held by Sobi) but have the possibility to compensate themselves financially for the dilution by selling their subscription rights no later than 11 September 2023.The subscription price has been set to SEK 142 per new common share  corresponding to total issue proceeds of approximately SEK 6 024 million  before issue costs. The net proceeds of approximately SEK 5 954 million will be used to repay part of the bridge loan of SEK 8 000 million that partly finances the acquisition of CTI.The existing shares are eligible to receive subscription rights up until and including 25 August 2023 and the first day of trading in shares excluding the right to receive subscription rights is 28 August 2023. The subscription period will take place during the period from and including 31 August 2023 up to and including 14 September 2023. Sobi's Board of Directors has the right to extend the subscription period which  when applicable  will be announced through a press release on 14 September 2023 at the latest.Trading in subscription rights will take place on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 31 August 2023 up to and including 11 September 2023.If not all of the new common shares are subscribed for by exercise of subscription rights  the Board of Directors shall resolve on allotment of common shares subscribed for without the exercise of subscription rights up to the maximum amount of the share issue. In such case  priority will be given firstly to those who have applied for subscription and subscribed for shares by the exercise of subscription rights  irrespective of whether or not they were shareholders on the record date  and in the event of oversubscription  pro rata in relation to the number of subscription rights exercised for the subscription of shares  or  to the extent not possible  through drawing of lots. Secondly  allotment shall be made to other parties who have applied to subscribe for shares without the exercise of subscription rights (the general public in Sweden and Denmark and ""qualified investors"")  and in the event of oversubscription  pro rata in relation to such declared interest stated in the respective application form  or  to the extent not possible  through the drawing of lots.The complete terms and conditions for the rights issue and information about Sobi will be presented in the prospectus regarding the rights issue  that is intended to be published on or about 28 August 2023 on the Company's website (www.sobi.com).Indicative timetable for the rights issue25 August Last day of trading in Sobi's shares including the right to receive subscription rights 28 August First day of trading in Sobi's shares excluding the right to receive subscription rights 28 August Estimated date for publication of the prospectus 29 August Record date for the rights issue (shareholders who are registered in the share register on this date will receive subscription rights that entitle them to participate in the rights issue) 31 August – 11 September Trading in subscription rights on Nasdaq Stockholm 31 August –14 September Subscription period 31 August – 26 September Trading in paid subscribed shares (BTA) on Nasdaq Stockholm 18 September Announcement of the preliminary outcome of the rights issue 19 September Announcement of the final outcome of the rights issueAdvisersBofA Securities and Danske Bank act as Joint Global Coordinators and Bookrunners in relation to the rights issue. For the avoidance of doubt  BofA Securities and Danske Bank are not and will not be involved with any offers and sales in the rights issue by Sobi inside the United States.Mannheimer Swartling is acting as legal adviser to Sobi in relation to the rights issue  Latham & Watkins (London) LLP is acting as U.S. legal adviser to Sobi in relation to the rights issue and Linklaters is acting as legal adviser to BofA Securities and Danske Bank in relation to the rights issue.SobiSobi® is a specialised international biopharmaceutical company transforming the lives of people with rare and debilitating diseases. Providing reliable access to innovative medicines in the areas of haematology  immunology and specialty care  Sobi has approximately 1 800 employees across Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia and Australia. In 2022  revenue amounted to SEK 18.8 billion. Sobi's share (STO:SOBI) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. More about Sobi at www.sobi.com  LinkedIn and YouTube.For more information  please contact:Tobias CottmannHead of Investor Relations & External Communication (interim)+41 79 287 10 51[email protected]This is information of the type that Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) is obligated to make public in accordance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication through the agency of the contact person above on 22 August 2023 at 20:30 CEST.Important noticeThis press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution  release or publication would be unlawful. This press release do not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the ""Securities"") of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (the ""Company"") in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. The Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). The Securities have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States.The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the applicable securities laws of Australia  Japan  Canada  Hong Kong  Singapore  South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures  and therefore may not be offered  subscribed for  used  pledged  sold  resold  allotted  delivered or otherwise transferred  directly or indirectly  or for the account or benefit of any person having a registered address in  or located or resident in  Australia  Japan  Canada  Hong Kong  Singapore  South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures.In any Member State of the European Economic Area (""EEA"")  other than Sweden or any EEA Member State to which the prospectus is passported under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"")  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (""Qualified Investors"")  and no person outside of Sweden or any EEA Member State to which the prospectus is passported under the Prospectus Regulation  that is not a relevant person or a Qualified Investor may act or rely on these materials or any of its contents.In the United Kingdom  this communication is being distributed to and is directed only at qualified investors  within the meaning under Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended from time to time  who are also (i) persons who are investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities  or (iii) other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The Securities are only available in the United Kingdom to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire the Securities will be engaged in only with  the relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.The press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or issue  or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire  or subscribe for  any of the Securities. Invitation to the persons concerned to subscribe for shares in the Company will only be made by means of the prospectus that the Company intends to publish on the Company's website  following the approval and registration of the prospectus by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen). This press release has not been approved by any regulatory authority and is not a prospectus. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities referred to in this press release except on the basis of information contained in the prospectus to be published by the Company.None of BofA Securities and Danske Bank or any of their respective affiliates or any of their or their affiliates' directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for/or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Each of BofA Securities and Danske Bank is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the rights issue. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the rights issue and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the rights issue  the contents of this announcement or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to certain of the Company's current expectations and projections about future events. These statements  which sometimes use words such as ""intend "" ""proposed "" ""plan "" ""expect "" and words of similar meaning  reflect management's beliefs and expectations and involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions (including the completion of the transactions described in this announcement) that could cause actual results and performance to differ materially from any expected future results or performance expressed or implied by the forward-looking statement. Statements contained in this announcement regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. The information contained in this announcement is subject to change without notice and  except as required by applicable law  the Company does not assume any responsibility or obligation to update publicly or review any of the forward-looking statements contained in it. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as at the date of this announcement.[1] Excluding treasury shares. As of 22 August 2023  Sobi held 14 399 118 treasury shares (common shares)  which do not entitle to participation in the rights issue.[2] Based on a USD/SEK rate of 10.7217 as of 26 June 2023.[3] The total amount of SEK 17 350 million (based on an EUR/SEK rate of 11.6837 as of 26 June 2023) consists of long-term debt financing of EUR 800 million and a bridge loan of SEK 8 000 million.[4] Excluding treasury shares. As of 22 August 2023  Sobi held 14 399 118 treasury shares (common shares)  which do not entitle to participation in the rights issue.[5] Excluding treasury shares. As of 22 August 2023  Sobi held 14 399 118 treasury shares (common shares)  which do not entitle to participation in the rights issue  whereby the total number of new common shares amounts to not more than 42 419 668.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14266/3821814/2242908.pdf Sobi resolves on a rights issue of approximately SEK 6 024 millionSOURCE Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB",neutral,0.02,0.85,0.12,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['rights issue', 'Sobi', 'SEK', 'existing U.S. commercial operations', 'U.S. commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB', 'Nordea Investment Management AB', 'largest shareholder Investor AB', 'respective pro rata share', 'one (1) new common share', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Fjärde AP-fonden', 'global sales infrastructure', 'continued future investments', 'prior written consent', 'new share issue', 'Swedbank Robur Fonder', 'cash tender offer', 'BofA Securities Europe', '42,419,668 new common shares', 'seven (7) existing shares', 'Danske Bank A/S', 'CTI BioPharma Corp.', 'commercial-stage asset', 'existing portfolio', 'existing shareholders', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'rights issue', 'issue ratio', 'issue costs', 'preferential rights', 'bridge loan', 'UNITED STATES', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'record date', '36.2 per cent', 'Polar Capital', 'underlying clients', '13.5 per cent', 'purchase price', 'successful completion', 'blood-related cancers', 'rare diseases', 'product VONJO®', 'cost synergies', 'complementary nature', 'bank financing', 'Sverige Filial', 'net proceeds', 'bank guarantees', 'Lock-up undertakings', 'customary manner', 'subscription price', 'subscription period', 'Subscription undertaking', 'haematology franchise', 'rare haematology', 'Activity Company', 'total proceeds', 'revenue growth', 'financial position', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'The Company', 'Aug.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Sobi®', 'authorisation', '15 August', 'purpose', 'part', 'acquisition', '26 June', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'POSSESSIONS', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'brief', 'SEK', '29 August', '31 August', '14 September', 'publ', 'behalf', 'intention', 'reasons', '10 May', 'agreement', 'pacritinib', 'Doptelet', 'access', 'patients', 'group', 'margins', 'differentiated', 'potential', 'expansion', 'addition', 'America', 'Danmark', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'expressions', 'example']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,prnewswire.com
29241,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/reuters/russia-prepares-decree-to-unfreeze-and-swap-assets-with-foreign-investors/48756478,Russia prepares decree to unfreeze and swap assets with foreign investors,Russian authorities are working on a draft presidential decree to give the country's retail investors a way to unblock their frozen assets held in overseas accounts and sell them to foreign parties  the central bank said on Wednesday.,"A Russian state flag flies over the Central Bank headquarters in Moscow  Russia  August 15  2023. A sign reads: ""Bank of Russia"". REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov/File Photo reuters_tickersThis content was published on August 23  2023 - 15:40By Alexander Marrow(Reuters) - Russian authorities are working on a draft presidential decree to give the country's retail investors a way to unblock their frozen assets held in overseas accounts and sell them to foreign parties  the central bank said on Wednesday.International sanctions against Moscow over its invasion of Ukraine have blocked many Russian investors' access to securities held in jurisdictions outside the country  while Russian countermeasures have frozen Western funds within.The central bank said the volume of assets ""unblocked"" would initially be limited and primarily aimed at retail investors  the bulk of whose investments in securities are held with Russian brokers at foreign accounting institutions.It was not yet clear whether European clearing houses Euroclear and Clearstream  or financial regulators in Europe  would reciprocate. Euroclear and Clearstream did not respond to requests for comment.""Interested foreign investors would be given the opportunity to buy 'blocked' foreign securities from Russian investors in exchange for funds held in type-C accounts "" the central bank said.""The participation of investors (both Russian and foreign) in this process will be voluntary.""Finance Minister Anton Siluanov on Tuesday asked President Vladimir Putin to support the plans  starting with the unblocking of about 100 billion roubles ($1.06 billion) in frozen funds belonging to retail investors.He said more than 3.5 million Russian citizens currently owned blocked assets amounting to 1.5 trillion roubles ($15.96 billion).""All these considerations will only make sense if foreign investors (in sufficient numbers) agree to the Russian authorities' conditions and Western politicians/regulators do not obstruct it "" said Dmitry Polevoy  head of investment at Locko-Invest.""From an economic point of view  such a proposal makes sense as many Western investors/funds have completely written off their holdings in Russian assets  and the return of some part of them makes sense.""($1 = 93.9925 roubles)(Reporting by Alexander Marrow; Editing by Devika Syamnath)",neutral,0.03,0.83,0.14,negative,0.05,0.21,0.74,True,English,"['foreign investors', 'Russia', 'decree', 'assets', 'Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', ""many Russian investors' access"", 'draft presidential decree', 'European clearing houses', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'many Western investors/funds', 'Russian state flag', '3.5 million Russian citizens', 'foreign accounting institutions', ""Russian authorities' conditions"", 'Interested foreign investors', 'Central Bank headquarters', 'Russian countermeasures', 'Russian brokers', 'foreign parties', 'Western politicians/regulators', 'retail investors', 'Russian assets', 'Shamil Zhumatov', 'File Photo', 'Alexander Marrow', 'overseas accounts', 'International sanctions', 'Western funds', 'financial regulators', 'type-C accounts', 'sufficient numbers', 'Dmitry Polevoy', 'economic point', 'Devika Syamnath', '100 billion roubles', 'frozen funds', '1.5 trillion roubles', 'frozen assets', '93.9925 roubles', 'Moscow', 'sign', 'REUTERS', 'content', 'August', 'country', 'way', 'Wednesday', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'securities', 'jurisdictions', 'volume', 'bulk', 'investments', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'requests', 'comment', 'opportunity', 'exchange', 'participation', 'process', 'Tuesday', 'plans', 'unblocking', 'considerations', 'sense', 'Locko-Invest', 'view', 'proposal', 'holdings', 'return', 'Editing']",2023-08-23,2023-08-23,swissinfo.ch
29242,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2023-08-23/russia-prepares-decree-to-unfreeze-and-swap-assets-with-foreign-investors,Russia Prepares Decree to Unfreeze and Swap Assets With Foreign Investors,(Reuters) - Russian authorities are working on a draft presidential decree to give the country's retail investors a way to unblock their frozen assets held in overseas accounts and sell them to foreign parties  the central bank said on Wednesday.,"By Alexander Marrow(Reuters) - Russian authorities are working on a draft presidential decree to give the country's retail investors a way to unblock their frozen assets held in overseas accounts and sell them to foreign parties  the central bank said on Wednesday.International sanctions against Moscow over its invasion of Ukraine have blocked many Russian investors' access to securities held in jurisdictions outside the country  while Russian countermeasures have frozen Western funds within.The central bank said the volume of assets ""unblocked"" would initially be limited and primarily aimed at retail investors  the bulk of whose investments in securities are held with Russian brokers at foreign accounting institutions.It was not yet clear whether European clearing houses Euroclear and Clearstream  or financial regulators in Europe  would reciprocate. Euroclear and Clearstream did not respond to requests for comment.Political Cartoons on World Leaders View All 225 Images""Interested foreign investors would be given the opportunity to buy 'blocked' foreign securities from Russian investors in exchange for funds held in type-C accounts "" the central bank said.""The participation of investors (both Russian and foreign) in this process will be voluntary.""Finance Minister Anton Siluanov on Tuesday asked President Vladimir Putin to support the plans  starting with the unblocking of about 100 billion roubles ($1.06 billion) in frozen funds belonging to retail investors.He said more than 3.5 million Russian citizens currently owned blocked assets amounting to 1.5 trillion roubles ($15.96 billion).""All these considerations will only make sense if foreign investors (in sufficient numbers) agree to the Russian authorities' conditions and Western politicians/regulators do not obstruct it "" said Dmitry Polevoy  head of investment at Locko-Invest.""From an economic point of view  such a proposal makes sense as many Western investors/funds have completely written off their holdings in Russian assets  and the return of some part of them makes sense.""($1 = 93.9925 roubles)(Reporting by Alexander Marrow; Editing by Devika Syamnath)",neutral,0.07,0.83,0.1,negative,0.05,0.25,0.71,True,English,"['Foreign Investors', 'Russia', 'Decree', 'Assets', 'Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', ""many Russian investors' access"", 'draft presidential decree', 'European clearing houses', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'many Western investors/funds', 'foreign accounting institutions', '3.5 million Russian citizens', ""Russian authorities' conditions"", 'Interested foreign investors', 'foreign parties', 'Russian countermeasures', 'Russian brokers', 'Western politicians/regulators', 'retail investors', 'Alexander Marrow', 'overseas accounts', 'central bank', 'International sanctions', 'Western funds', 'financial regulators', 'Political Cartoons', 'World Leaders', 'type-C accounts', 'sufficient numbers', 'Dmitry Polevoy', 'economic point', 'Russian assets', 'Devika Syamnath', '100 billion roubles', 'frozen funds', '1.5 trillion roubles', 'frozen assets', '93.9925 roubles', 'Reuters', 'country', 'way', 'Wednesday', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'securities', 'jurisdictions', 'volume', 'bulk', 'investments', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'requests', 'comment', '225 Images', 'opportunity', 'exchange', 'participation', 'process', 'Tuesday', 'plans', 'unblocking', 'considerations', 'sense', 'head', 'Locko-Invest', 'view', 'proposal', 'holdings', 'return', 'Editing']",2023-08-23,2023-08-23,usnews.com
29243,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SFC-ENERGY-AG-473477/news/SFC-Energy-reports-record-sales-and-earnings-in-the-first-half-of-2023-ndash-growth-in-North-Ameri-44665298/,SFC Energy reports record sales and earnings in the first half of 2023 – growth in North America and Asia significantly expanded,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word: Half Year ReportSFC Energy reports record sales and earnings in the first half of 2023 – growth in North America and Asia significantly expanded 22.08.2023 / 07:3…,EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word(s): Half Year ReportSFC Energy reports record sales and earnings in the first half of 2023 – growth in North America and Asia significantly expanded22.08.2023 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.SFC Energy reports record sales and earnings in the first half of 2023 – growth in North America and Asia significantly expandedGroup sales rise by 49.5% to EUR 57 053 thousand (H1/2022: EUR 38 159 thousand)Adjusted EBITDA more than doubles to EUR 7 321 thousand (H1/2022: EUR 3 112 thousand); adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 12.8% (H1/2022: 8.2%)Adjusted EBIT rises significantly to EUR 4 355 thousand (H1/2022: EUR 709 thousand); adjusted EBIT margin of 7.6% (H1/2022: 1.9%)Consolidated net profit for the period of EUR 3 327 thousand significantly higher than in the previous year (H1/2022: EUR 369 thousand)Significant growth in North America (+72.8%) and Asia (+94.7%) compared to the previous yearOrder book increases to EUR 85 709 thousand as of June 30  2023 (Dec. 31  2022: EUR 74 176 thousand)Outlook for 2023 narrowed to the upper half of the rangeBrunnthal/Munich  Germany  August 22  2023 – SFC Energy AG (“SFC ” F3C:DE  ISIN: DE0007568578)  a leading supplier of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions  reported its financial results for the first half of 2023 today.Management Board ReportDr. Peter Podesser  CEO of SFC Energy AG: “In the first half of the year  SFC Energy was operationally above expectation in all key financial figures. In addition  we have taken the next strategic steps in regional and technological expansion. We continued realizing exceptional revenue growth and at the same time expanded our margins significantly.With regard to our international growth strategy  we successfully implemented further important expansion steps by founding the subsidiaries SFC Energy UK Ltd.  London (UK) and SFC Energy India Pvt. Ltd  Gurgaon (India).Our new site in India can be considered the operational highlight. In February 2023  during talks between German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Prime Minister Narendra Modi  we gave the go-ahead together with our long-standing local partner FC TecNrgy Pvt. Ltd. for the construction of a new production facility for hydrogen and methanol fuel cells and further market development in India. After only around five months  we were able to celebrate the opening of the site in July in the presence of the German Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Climate Action Dr. Robert Habeck. In the first half of the year  we were already able to acquire major orders for fuel cells worth over EUR 33 million to supply energy in the world’s most populous nation. With local production  we meet the requirements of the ‘Make-in-India’ regulatory framework and can benefit from the Indian government’s extensive investment programs for sustainable energy generation as part of the ‘National Green Hydrogen Mission’.”Our growth in North America also continued to accelerate considerably in the half year under review  and the establishment of a site in the US is on the agenda for the second half of the year in order to further expand and consolidate SFC Energy’s presence and customer proximity in the important US market.Besides the traditionally good market access directly or together with our regional partners  decades of expertise in fuel cell development and production are now bearing fruit. Capacity expansion in Germany and Romania is underway  and with the integration of membrane production in the UK and further product development towards higher performance  we are meeting our customers’ expectations and making a concrete contribution to our vision of a climate-neutral society.”Development of orders and salesAt EUR 74 176 thousand  incoming orders in the reporting period exceeded the previous year’s level (EUR 72 512 thousand). Accordingly  the order book as of June 30  2023  increased to EUR 85 709 thousand (December 31  2022: EUR 74 176 thousand).In the period from January 1 to June 30  2023  the SFC Energy Group generated significant sales growth of 49.5% to EUR 57 053 thousand (H1/2022: EUR 38 159 thousand). This positive development resulted from both the strong organic growth of the Clean Energy segment and the exceptionally strong growth of the Clean Power Management segment. From a regional perspective  Asia and North America delivered the strongest growth in sales by posting increases of 94.7% and 72.8%  respectively. The North America region’s contribution to Group sales increased significantly to 47.2% (H1/2022: 40.8%). In addition  Asia’s share of sales increased further to 10.1% in the half year under review (H1/2022: 7.7%).Sales by segments in EUR thousand H1/2023 H1/2022 Clean Energy 38 590 26 648 Clean Power Management 18 463 11 510 Total 57 053 38 159Development of the segmentsSales in the Clean Energy segment climbed by 44.8% to EUR 38 590 thousand in the first half of the year  compared to EUR 26 648 thousand the previous year. Sales of fuel cell solutions for industrial applications  which contributed approx. 2/3 to the segment sales  increased again significantly in the first half-year of 2023. Sales of fuel cell solutions for industrial applications  such as “Civil Security Technology” and “Data Transmission and Digitalization ” increased by more than 40%. Sales to customers in the core target market for public security more than doubled. The Clean Energy segment  whose share of Group sales fell slightly to 67.6% in the half-year under review (H1/2022: 69.8%)  remained the segment with the highest sales. By contrast  the Clean Power Management segment’s share of Group sales increased to 32.4% (H1/2022: 30.4%). Sales in this segment increased significantly by 60.4% to EUR 18 463 thousand in the first half of the year  compared to EUR 11 510 thousand in the previous year. The increase was due to very high demand and the significant recovery from the challenging procurement environment that still prevailed the previous year.Development of earningsThe significant 62.5% increase in gross profit to EUR 21 876 thousand (H1/2022: EUR 13 463 thousand) was mainly the result of strong organic sales growth accompanied by expansion in the margin  also due to the effectiveness of improved pricing. The resulting gross profit margin for the Group (gross profit as a percentage of sales) also rose significantly year-on-year to 38.3% in the half-year under review (H1/2022: 35.3%).The gross profit compared to the previous year for the individual segments is as follows:Gross profit by segment in EUR thousand H1/2023 H1/2022 Clean Energy 17 210 10 691 Clean Power Management 4 666 2 772 Total 21 876 13 463EBITDA adjusted for non-recurring effects more than doubled year-on-year in the first half of 2023 to EUR 7 321 thousand (H1/2022: EUR 3 112 thousand). The adjusted EBITDA margin also increased significantly year-on-year to 12.8% (H1/2022: 8.2%). The increase in adjusted EBITDA was mainly due to the strong growth in sales combines with a relatively low increase in functional costs in conjunction with the marked improvement in the gross profit margin.EBIT adjusted for non-recurring effects also increased significantly to EUR 4 355 thousand (H1/2022: EUR 709 thousand). This resulted in a significantly higher adjusted EBIT margin of 7.6% (H1/2022: 1.9%). Group net profit for the first half of the year increased to EUR 3 327 thousand (H1/2022: EUR 369 thousand) as a result of the good operating performance and lower charges due to non-recurring effects. Undiluted and diluted earnings per share in accordance with IFRS improved to EUR 0.19 in the reporting period (H1/2022: EUR 0.03).Balance sheetThe equity ratio was 69.5% as of June 30  2023 (31 December 2022: 70.3%). The net financial position (freely available cash and cash equivalents less liabilities to banks) declined to EUR 54 417 thousand as of June 30  2023 (December 31  2022: EUR 60 748 thousand). The SFC Energy Group had 375 permanent employees (December 31  2022: 354) on June 30  2023.Forecast for 2023Based on the successful business performance in the first half of the year and the continuing good order situation as well as the improved availability of intermediate goods  the Management Board expects business to continue to develop positively in the second half of the year.Due to the very positive development of sales in both segments in the first half of 2023  which was characterized by continued high demand momentum  the Management Board is concretizing the forecast for sales growth 2023 compared to the previous year and now expects Group sales in 2023 to be between EUR 107 million and EUR 111 million  therefore reaching the upper half of the range of the original forecast ( EUR 103 million to EUR 111 million).The Management Board also narrowed the range for the adjusted EBITDA and the adjusted EBIT to the upper half of the original forecast. Management expects the adjusted EBITDA to reach between EUR 10.5 million and EUR 14.1 million (previous forecast: EUR 8.9 million to EUR 14.1 million) and the adjusted EBIT to reach between EUR 5.0 million and EUR 8.6 million (previous forecast: EUR 3.4 million to EUR 8.6 million).Key figures for H1 2023/H1 2022in EUR thousand 01/01-06/30/2023 01/01-06/30/2022 Sales 57 053 38 159 Gross profit 21 876 13 463 Gross margin 38.3% 35.3% EBITDA 6 788 3 060 EBITDA margin 11.9% 8.0% Adjusted EBITDA 7 321 3 112 Adjusted EBITDA margin 12.8% 8.2% EBIT 3 822 658 EBIT margin 6.7% 1.7% Adjusted EBIT 4 355 709 Adjusted EBIT margin 7.6% 1.9% Consolidated net result for the period 3 327 369 Order book* 85 709 74 176* As of June 30  2023/December 31  2022Detailed financial information and conference call today  August 22  2023SFC Energy AG’s Half-Year Report 2023 is available for download at www.sfc.com.SFC Energy AG will hold a conference call in English for interested investors and members of the press today  August 22  2023  at 9:00 am.Please send an email to susan.hoffmeister@sfc.com to register.Capital Markets Day on September 22  2023Capital Markets Day of SFC Energy AG will take place on September 22  2023  at the headquarters in Brunnthal as well as virtually. During the event  the Management Board will provide insights into recent developments and outline the future strategy. In addition  the Management will provide insight into current product developments as well as a roadmap. Institutional investors  analysts and journalists can register for Capital Markets Day at the following link: https://equityforum.de/page/sfccmd#.About SFC Energy AGSFC Energy AG is a leading provider of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions. With the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management business segments  SFC Energy is a sustainably profitable fuel cell producer. The company distributes its award-winning products worldwide and has sold more than 65 000 fuel cells to date. The company is headquartered in Brunnthal/Munich and operates production facilities in Germany  the Netherlands  Romania  India and Canada. SFC Energy AG is listed on the Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard and has been part of the selection index SDAX since 2022 (GSIN: 756857  ISIN: DE0007568578).SFC Energy IR and Press Contact:Susan HoffmeisterPhone +49 89 125 09 03-33Email: susan.hoffmeister@sfc.comWeb: sfc.com* * *This publication may contain forward-looking statements  estimates  opinions and projections with respect to anticipated future performance of the company (“Forward-Looking Statements”). These Forward-Looking Statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including  but not limited to  the terms “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology. These Forward-Looking Statements include all matters that are not historical facts. Forward-Looking Statements are based on the current views  expectations and assumptions of the management of SFC Energy AG and involve significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Forward-Looking Statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether or not such results will be achieved. Any Forward-Looking Statements only speak as at the date of this release. We undertake no obligation  and do not expect to publicly update  or publicly revise  any of the information  Forward-Looking Statements or the conclusions contained herein or to reflect new events or circumstances or to correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent subsequent to the date hereof  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. We accept no liability whatsoever in respect of the achievement of such Forward-Looking Statements and assumptions.,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['SFC Energy', 'record sales', 'first half', 'North America', 'earnings', 'growth', 'Asia', '2023', 'FC TecNrgy Pvt. Ltd.', 'mobile hybrid power solutions', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'National Green Hydrogen Mission', 'Clean Power Management segment', 'The North America region', 'SFC Energy UK Ltd.', 'SFC Energy India Pvt.', 'German Federal Minister', 'Management Board Report', 'Consolidated net profit', 'Dr. Peter Podesser', 'next strategic steps', 'Dr. Robert Habeck', 'extensive investment programs', 'Clean Energy segment', 'good market access', 'sustainable energy generation', 'standing local partner', 'methanol fuel cells', 'important expansion steps', 'SFC Energy AG', 'exceptional revenue growth', 'international growth strategy', 'key financial figures', 'important US market', 'strong organic growth', 'fuel cell development', 'SFC Energy Group', 'adjusted EBITDA margin', 'new production facility', 'Half Year Report', 'Order book increases', 'significant sales growth', 'Significant growth', 'strong growth', 'Key word', 'financial results', 'market development', 'local production', 'technological expansion', 'Capacity expansion', 'strongest growth', 'first half', 'upper half', 'second half', 'EBIT margin', 'F3C:DE', 'leading supplier', 'same time', 'five months', 'Economic Affairs', 'Climate Action', 'populous nation', 'regulatory framework', 'Indian government', 'customer proximity', 'membrane production', 'higher performance', 'customers’ expectations', 'climate-neutral society', 'Group sales', 'new site', 'product development', 'positive development', 'previous year', 'major orders', 'regional partners', 'incoming orders', 'regional perspective', 'record sales', 'concrete contribution', 'reporting period', 'EQS-News', 'earnings', 'Asia', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'EUR', 'June', 'Dec.', 'Outlook', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'ISIN', 'stationary', 'CEO', 'addition', 'margins', 'regard', 'subsidiaries', 'London', 'Gurgaon', 'February', 'talks', 'long', 'construction', 'opening', 'July', 'presence', 'world', 'requirements', 'review', 'establishment', 'agenda', 'decades', 'expertise', 'fruit', 'Romania', 'integration', 'vision', 'level', 'December', 'January', 'share', 'segments', '2023', '07', '30', '49', '47.']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29244,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/en/news/google-launches-berlin-cloud-region-in-germany/,Google launches Berlin cloud region in Germany,Google opened a cloud region in Frankfurt in 2017. Google Cloud now has 38 regions and 115 zones. Customers in Germany include GovMarket  Deutsche Börse  REWE digital  Shopify  and Lufthansa.,Google opened a cloud region in Frankfurt in 2017. Google Cloud now has 38 regions and 115 zones. Customers in Germany include GovMarket  Deutsche Börse  REWE digital  Shopify  and Lufthansa.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Berlin cloud region', 'Google', 'Germany', 'Deutsche Börse', 'cloud region', 'REWE digital', 'Google Cloud', 'Frankfurt', '38 regions', '115 zones', 'Customers', 'Germany', 'GovMarket', 'Shopify', 'Lufthansa']",2023-08-23,2023-08-23,datacenterdynamics.com
29245,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/EQS-News-Advanced-Blockchain-with-successful-Annual-General-Meeting-Ruediger-Andreas-Guenther-new-Chairman-of-the-Supervisory-Board-n16014318.html,EQS-News: Advanced Blockchain with successful Annual General Meeting – Rüdiger Andreas Günther new Chairman of the Supervisory Board,Advanced Blockchain with successful Annual General Meeting – Rüdiger Andreas Günther new Chairman of the Supervisory Board 23 August 2023 – The virtual Annual General Meeting of Advanced Blockchain AG approved all agenda items with vast majorities.,EQS-News: Advanced Blockchain AG / Key word(s): AGM/EGM/PersonnelAdvanced Blockchain with successful Annual General Meeting – Rüdiger Andreas Günther new Chairman of the Supervisory Board23.08.2023 / 09:43 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Advanced Blockchain with successful Annual General Meeting – Rüdiger Andreas Günther new Chairman of the Supervisory BoardAll agenda items approved with vast majoritiesCEO Telian confirms outlook and positive view on the marketRüdiger Andreas Günther  Sebastian Markowski  Håkan Saltin and Dr. Marcel Tyrell as new members of the Supervisory Board23 August 2023 – The virtual Annual General Meeting of Advanced Blockchain AG approved all agenda items with vast majorities.The shareholders elected Mr. Rüdiger Andreas Günther  Mr. Sebastian Markowsky  Dr. Marcel Tyrell and Mr. Håkan Saltin as new members of the Supervisory Board for a three years’ term each.Günther worked for more than a decade at CLAAS KGaA. During this time as a CEO and CFO the company developed from a medium sized family business into the European market leader in agricultural machinery with now nearly 5 billion Euro revenue today. In the dual role as CEO / CFO  he recently managed the transformation of Francotyp-Postalia. Previous stations in his career were as CFO at Infineon Technologies  Arcandor and Jenoptik. Günther is one of Germany´s most experienced corporate leaders.Markowsky has worked for several notable venture capital firms and banks  including GP Bullhound  Blockchain Valley Ventures  and Deutsche Bank. He currently serves as Chief Strategy Officer (CSO) and Executive Vice President at the American firm CoinsourceSaltin has expertise from leading positions in telecommunications as well as in founding and managing very successful companies in various industries  including CLX Communications which is now listed as Sinch on the Nasdaq stock exchange. He currently serves as Co-Founder and CTO of Radtonics.Dr. Tyrell is Professor for Banking and Finance at Witten/Herdecke University with a long-standing research track record in blockchain technologies and digitalisation of economies and societies. He is also member of the supervisory board of Frankfurter Bankgesellschaft.During a meeting of the Supervisory Board after the AGM  Günther was elected unanimously as new Chairman.Günther comments: “Blockchain is a very exciting technology that will reshape our future and a lot of industries. I see tremendous potential for Advanced Blockchain to successfully participate from this megatrend and to offer sustainable opportunities for its shareholders. Thus  I very much look forward to being part of this growth story.”Simon Telian  CEO of Advanced Blockchain  confirms the company´s outlook for 2023 and said in his address: “The market expects blockchain solutions of up to 19 billion USD for the upcoming year. We further sharpened our strategy and will continue to benefit from the vast market opportunities.”In total  32.2 percent of the outstanding shares were represented at the AGM.Important events for Advanced Blockchain in the 2023 financial year:September 2023 - Publication of the half-year financial statements as of June 30  2023November 27-29  2023 - Deutsches Eigenkapitalforum 2023  FrankfurtContact:ir@advancedblockchain.comAbout Advanced Blockchain AG:Advanced Blockchain AG (Scale Frankfurt  Primary Market Düsseldorf  XETRA: ISIN DE000A0M93V6) is a venture builder and investor in the blockchain industry with an extensive network of Analysts  developers  programmers  economists  and mathematicians. Advanced Blockchain AG is dedicated to developing the future of Web 3.0 and innovating in different ecosystems and markets of the industry.For more information about Advanced Blockchain AG  its various projects  and investments  please visit https://www.advancedblockchain.com/.,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,positive,0.73,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['Rüdiger Andreas Günther', 'successful Annual General Meeting', 'Advanced Blockchain', 'new Chairman', 'Supervisory Board', 'EQS-News', 'Mr. Rüdiger Andreas Günther', 'several notable venture capital firms', 'medium sized family business', 'standing research track record', 'virtual Annual General Meeting', 'successful Annual General Meeting', 'Primary Market Düsseldorf', 'Mr. Håkan Saltin', 'three years’ term', 'experienced corporate leaders', 'Executive Vice President', 'American firm Coinsource', 'Nasdaq stock exchange', 'Mr. Sebastian Markowsky', '5 billion Euro revenue', 'half-year financial statements', 'European market leader', 'Blockchain Valley Ventures', 'Dr. Marcel Tyrell', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Advanced Blockchain AG', 'vast market opportunities', 'venture builder', 'successful companies', 'Dr. Tyrell', 'Sebastian Markowski', 'sustainable opportunities', '19 billion USD', '2023 financial year', 'blockchain technologies', 'blockchain solutions', 'vast majorities', 'new Chairman', 'Supervisory Board', 'agenda items', 'positive view', 'new members', 'a decade', 'CLAAS KGaA', 'agricultural machinery', 'dual role', 'Previous stations', 'Infineon Technologies', 'GP Bullhound', 'Deutsche Bank', 'leading positions', 'CLX Communications', 'Witten/Herdecke University', 'Frankfurter Bankgesellschaft', 'exciting technology', 'tremendous potential', 'growth story', 'Simon Telian', 'upcoming year', 'outstanding shares', 'Important events', 'Deutsches Eigenkapitalforum', 'extensive network', 'different ecosystems', 'various projects', 'blockchain industry', 'various industries', 'Scale Frankfurt', 'CEO Telian', 'EQS-News', 'AGM/EGM/Personnel', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'August', 'shareholders', 'time', 'CFO', 'company', 'transformation', 'Francotyp-Postalia', 'career', 'Arcandor', 'Jenoptik', 'Germany', 'banks', 'CSO', 'expertise', 'telecommunications', 'founding', 'Sinch', 'Founder', 'CTO', 'Radtonics', 'Professor', 'Banking', 'Finance', 'long', 'digitalisation', 'economies', 'societies', 'future', 'lot', 'megatrend', 'part', 'address', 'total', '32.2 percent', 'September', 'Publication', 'June', 'Contact', 'XETRA', 'ISIN', 'investor', 'Analysts', 'developers', 'programmers', 'economists', 'mathematicians', 'Web 3.0', 'markets', 'information', 'investments']",2023-08-23,2023-08-23,stock-world.de
29246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-whale-wallet-becomes-third-largest-holder-three-months,Mysterious Bitcoin wallet becomes 3rd largest BTC holder in 3 months,An unknown Bitcoin whale has managed to accrue more than $3 billion in BTC in less than four months  sparking a wave of theories concerning the wallets' potential owner.,A mysterious Bitcoin wallet has surged up the ranks to become the third-largest holder of Bitcoin (BTC) in the world in just over three months  with the timing sparking some wild theories about its owner.According to data from crypto statistics platform BitInfoCharts  the wallet address first received Bitcoin on March 8. Over the course of the next three months and two weeks  the wallet had accrued a staggering 118 000 BTC — worth $3.08 billion at current prices.The mysterious wallet has accrued 118 000 BTC in less than four months. Source: BitInfoChartsThe rapid and significant accrual of Bitcoin within a single wallet address has attracted its fair share of conjecture.Some users suggest it’s most likely a crypto exchange moving funds  while some more radical members of Crypto Twitter have posted a more wild theory — suggesting BlackRock is the prime suspect.This unknown address has accumulated over $3 Billion worth of #Bitcoin in the last 3 months.The prime suspect?The first major transaction of 3400 BTC occurred on May 16th 2023. Almost exactly 1 month later on June 15th 2023  BlackRock filed for it's spot #Bitcoin ETF. pic.twitter.com/TdFuUkELuH — DivXMaN (@crypto_div) August 21  2023The theory is not based on any solid evidence  however  others have shared their support it by posting pictures of a large black rock.The current largest Bitcoin wallets in the world  according to BitInfoCharts  are reportedly owned by Binance and Bitfinex — as Bitcoin cold wallets.The unknown Bitcoin whale wallet comes in third place  and is then followed by another Binance cold wallet in fourth place.Related: First EU spot Bitcoin ETF hits Euronext Amsterdam exchangeBlackRock made waves in the crypto market on June 15 when it filed an application for a spot Bitcoin ETF product that — if accepted by the Securities and Exchange Commission — will be the first of its kind in the United States.BlackRock’s application sparked a wave of filings for similar spot products from a horde of other Wall Street heavyweights  including Fidelity  Invesco  Wisdom Tree and Valkyrie.The prospect of a spot Bitcoin ETF whipped crypto analysts into a frenzy  sharing their bullish predictions for the price of Bitcoin — with Fundstrat’s head of research  Tom Lee suggesting that Bitcoin could reach a price of $150 000 per coin following the halving event in April 2024.Collect this article as an NFT to preserve this moment in history and show your support for independent journalism in the crypto space.Big Questions: Did the NSA create Bitcoin?,neutral,0.3,0.67,0.02,mixed,0.45,0.37,0.18,True,English,"['3rd largest BTC holder', 'Mysterious Bitcoin wallet', '3 months', 'First EU spot Bitcoin ETF', 'other Wall Street heavyweights', 'unknown Bitcoin whale wallet', 'current largest Bitcoin wallets', 'first major transaction', 'Bitcoin ETF product', 'large black rock', 'Bitcoin cold wallets', 'similar spot products', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'crypto statistics platform', 'single wallet address', 'next three months', 'Binance cold wallet', 'mysterious Bitcoin wallet', 'unknown address', 'mysterious wallet', 'largest holder', 'current prices', 'crypto exchange', 'Exchange Commission', 'four months', 'last 3 months', 'Crypto Twitter', 'crypto market', 'crypto analysts', 'crypto space', 'wild theories', 'two weeks', 'significant accrual', 'fair share', 'radical members', 'prime suspect', '$3 Billion worth', 'solid evidence', 'fourth place', 'United States', 'Wisdom Tree', 'bullish predictions', 'Tom Lee', 'halving event', 'independent journalism', 'Big Questions', 'wild theory', 'third place', 'staggering 118,000 BTC', '3400 BTC', 'ranks', 'world', 'timing', 'owner', 'data', 'BitInfoCharts', 'March', 'course', 'less', 'Source', 'rapid', 'conjecture', 'users', 'funds', 'BlackRock', 'May', 'June', 'DivXMaN', 'others', 'support', 'pictures', 'Bitfinex', 'waves', 'application', 'Securities', 'kind', 'filings', 'horde', 'Fidelity', 'Invesco', 'Valkyrie', 'prospect', 'frenzy', 'head', 'research', 'April', 'article', 'NFT', 'moment', 'history']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,cointelegraph.com
29247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729134/0/en/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme.html,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme,Within the framework of the share buyback programme  announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on NYSE Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 11 August 2023 and 18 August 202…,Within the framework of the share buyback programme  announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on NYSE Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 11 August 2023 and 18 August 2023 included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 11-08-2023 85.000 5.513.559 € 64 87 € 64 44 € 65 50 € 14-08-2023 63.000 4.112.489 € 65 28 € 64 24 € 65 64 € 15-08-2023 50.000 3.247.360 € 64 95 € 64 84 € 65 30 € 16-08-2023 96.000 6.109.920 € 63 65 € 63 18 € 64 62 € 17-08-2023 90.000 5.664.501 € 62 94 € 62 46 € 63 44 € 18-08-2023 86.265 5.361.370 € 62 15 € 61 74 € 62 52 €Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 470.265 on 18 August 2023.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'NYSE Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Lowest price Highest price', 'Total price Average price', 'KBC Group NV', 'share buyback programme', 'total number', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '11 August', '18 August', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729125/0/en/Cabka-2023-Half-Year-Profitable-revenue-growth-to-104-million-with-net-income-from-operations-at-3-million.html,Cabka 2023 Half Year: Profitable revenue growth to € 104 million with net income from operations at € 3 million,Amsterdam August 22  2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries  the “Company”) a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its non-audit…,"Amsterdam August 22  2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries  the “Company”) a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its non-audited results for the first six months ended June 30  2023 (“2023HY”)  today.1Highlights 2023 Half YearSales of € 104.3 million representing a 2% Year-on-Year (YoY) growthof € 104.3 million representing a 2% Year-on-Year (YoY) growth Gross profit from operations increased to € 50.8 million (2022HY: € 47.3 million) representing an improved margin of 49% over sales compared to last year (2022HY: 46%)increased to € 50.8 million (2022HY: € 47.3 million) representing an improved of 49% over sales compared to last year (2022HY: 46%) EBITDA from operations at € 13.4 million (2022HY: € 13.1 million) at 13% (2022HY: 13%)  recovering from a volatile second half of 2022at € 13.4 million (2022HY: € 13.1 million) at 13% (2022HY: 13%)  recovering from a volatile second half of 2022 Net Income from operations showing recovery to € 3.0 million (2022HY: € 0.7million)showing recovery to € 3.0 million (2022HY: € 0.7million) Net result € 0.8 million  recovering from net-loss mainly due to IPO related costs in 2022HY (€ -1.9 million)€ 0.8 million  recovering from net-loss mainly due to IPO related costs in 2022HY (€ -1.9 million) Earnings per share € 0.03 up € 0.11 from the same period in 2022 (2022HY € -0.08 per share)€ 0.03 up € 0.11 from the same period in 2022 (2022HY € -0.08 per share) Net Working Capital remains stable at € 37.0 million  or 18% of salesremains stable at € 37.0 million  or 18% of sales CAPEX of € 13.0 million  similar to 2022HY  including maintenance & replacement investments of € 3.6 million or 3.5% of sales excluding US flooding related investments 2of € 13.0 million  similar to 2022HY  including maintenance & replacement investments of € 3.6 million or 3.5% of sales excluding US flooding related investments Recycled material used in products 88% of total compared to a European average 3 of 14%in products 88% of total compared to a European average of 14% Cabka North America as planned returned to full production by end of Juneas planned returned to full production by end of June Frank Roerink appointed CFO at June 8 Annual General MeetingCabka CEO Tim Litjens  commented:“We can report positive progress  despite facing some challenges in the first six months of 2023. Customized Solutions demonstrated growth of 40%  primarily driven by a significant increase in the US market  fueled by Target. Additionally  our Portfolio business in the EU demonstrated steady growth  with an 11% rise compared to the same period in 2022. This progress is partly offset by a 20% decline in our Contract Manufacturing business  albeit  mainly driven by a gradual reduction in non-strategic products. Overall  our strategic focus segments showed solid improvement  growing by 6% compared to the very strong growth in the first half of 2022.After our US operation in St. Louis suffered from a flash flooding one year ago  recovery was completed as planned. Last month we have celebrated the reopening of the US plant  which is a testament to the resilience and dedication of our team. This progress ends our reliance on the use of external tolling production capacity  and we have returned to full in-house production as of the end of June. We have invested in upgrading and expanding our facilities  reducing the average age of our machine park from 13 to 3 years and are ideally equipped for re-establishing our strong commercial position in the market.In the past 12 months  Cabka has faced the challenge of volatile material and energy pricing. We have taken efforts to mitigate the effects from this volatility  and meanwhile markets have reached similar pricing levels as before the start of the war in Ukraine. This combined brings less uncertainty around our input costs. As a result  our EBITDA has shown a great improvement  from the challenging second half of 2022  at 13% over Sales. Despite the slower sales growth  we have demonstrated a strong recovery in profitability  delivering on the most recent outlook statement we provided. We will continue to focus on improving operational efficiencies to sustain this positive trend.As we move forward  it is essential to acknowledge that the current economic uncertainty presents challenges for our business and the wider market especially on sales for the year. As we remain cautiously optimistic navigating through these economic uncertainties  we stand by our outlook of 13 -15% EBITDA margin for 2023.“Key figures first six months 2023 including split in operational and non-operational itemsCondensed income statement bridgeregular operations to IFRS4 in Euro million 2023 HY 2022 HY5 Change Sales 104.3 102.2 2% Other operating income items 0.4 4.5 -90% Total Operating Income 104.7 106.8 -2% Expenses for materials  energy and purchased services (53.9) (59.5) -9% Gross Profit from regular operations 50.8 47.3 7% Operating expenses (37.4) (34.2) 9% EBITDA from regular operations 13.4 13.1 2% Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible and tangible fixed assets (8.0) (9.3) -14% EBIT /Operating Income 5.3 3.7 43% Financial results (1.3) (1.1) 20% Earnings before taxes 4.0 2.6 53% Taxes (1.0) (1.9) -47% Net income from regular operations 3.0 0.7 429% Non-operational items as reported Net impact of flooding (3.1) - Changes of value in special shares/warrants 0.1 3.5 Extraordinary items 2022 (incl. IPO Related costs) - (6.1) Non-operational tax impact 0.8 - Non-controlling interest - (0.1) Net result reported IFRS 0.8 (1.9) n.m.Specification non-operational impact of flooding in Euro million Shown in IFRS accounting as Reversal 2022 impairment on production line 0.5 Other operating income Insurance proceeds received 1.2 Other operating income Extra ordinary expenses flooding (1.7) Other operating expenses Extra tolling expenses due to flooding (3.1) Purchased services Net impact of flooding 2023HY (3.1)OutlookBased on Cabka’s strong fundamentals we reiterate our mid-term guidance6. Based on current challenging market conditions  we expect 2023 revenues of € 200 - 210 million with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.Share capitalAfter March 15  2023  following the lock up period  Cabka issued in total 398 022 Ordinary Shares from treasury to cover its obligations under its share program plans for key staff  resulting in a total of 24 380 213 Ordinary Shares issued per June 30  2023  and 15 989 978 Ordinary Shares remaining in treasury.An overview of total number of shares per end of 2022 and per end of 2023HY is provided in the table below.Cabka shares per 06.30.2023 12.31.2022 ISIN Ordinary Shares issued 24 380 213 23 982 191 CABKA / NL00150000S7 Ordinary Shares in treasury 15 989 978 16 388 000 DSC2S / NL00150002R5 Total Ordinary Shares 40 370 191 40 370 191 Special Shares 97 778 97 778 Total shares 40 467 969 40 467 969Relevant events after June 30  2022ORBIS Corporation (US) and Cabka jointly agreed to extend their successful existing manufacturing contract for another three years. The contract between ORBIS and Cabka is considered material with regards to the estimated annual revenues involved.Appointment of new CTIOMr. Javier Fernández Vázquez has been appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer (CTIO) and Managing Director of Cabka Spain as of October 1  2023. Javier Fernández is currently director Program Management Europe & Asia at SRG Global. In his capacity as CTIO he will also join the Executive Committee of Cabka Group.At the same time Chief Product Officer Material Handling Jean-Marc van Maren will change to a new role as advisor to the Board. Both Javier Fernández and Jean-Marc van Maren will report directly to CEO Tim Litjens.Proposed distribution 2022FYThe proposed distribution for Full Year 2022 of € 0.15 per share of which € 0.05 in cash and€ 0.10 in ordinary shares will be paid on Friday August 25.The number of ordinary share distribution rights entitled to one new ordinary share will be determined based on the volume-weighted average price (""VWAP"") of all traded Company’s ordinary shares at Euronext Amsterdam on Monday August 21  2023  and Tuesday August 22  2023. Rights to fractions of ordinary shares shall be paid in cash. There will be no trading in ordinary share distribution rights. Cabka will publish a press release with the total number of ordinary shares issued to cover the share distribution on August 24.Financial CalendarAugust 22 Publication Half Year Results 2023August 25 Dividend* Payment DateOctober 19 Trading Update Q3 2023March 20  2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactE: IR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  M: +316 109 42514W: investors.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO products are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of March 1  2022  under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.1 This press release contains a summary of the 2023HY results  for full report see the attached Half Year Report 20232 Including the US  € 8.2 million  or 7.9% of sales mainly driven by flooding related investments3 Systemiq April 2022 report Reshaping plastics. Pathway to a circular climate neutral plastics system in Europe4 The condensed income statement provides operational and non-operational result items for insight on underlying operational performance. The statements in the attached Half Year Report 2023 provide integral IFRS statements without this distinction.5 As Cabka was still working on the accounting of the De-SPAC/listing transaction at the publication date of the 2022HY results and therefore only included the expenses at 2022FY -and as reported in Cabka’s Annual Report 2022 published April 25  2023- but not in its 2022HY results as published on August 17  2022  all affected comparable figures for 2022HY are provided as published on August 17  2022 i.e. without taking into account listing expenses.6 Mid-term guidance: High single digit revenue growth; >20% EBITDA margin; ~4% maintenance and replacement CAPEX and ~20% NWC as percentage of revenues; ~30-35% pay-out ratio of net profit (€ 0.15 for 2022FY)Attachments",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.26,0.3,True,English,"['Cabka 2023 Half Year', 'Profitable revenue growth', 'net income', 'operations', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'external tolling production capacity', 'June 8 Annual General Meeting', 'Other operating income items', 'US flooding related investments', 'IPO related costs', 'recent outlook statement', 'income statement bridge', 'challenging second half', 'strategic focus segments', 'similar pricing levels', 'Net Working Capital', 'strong commercial position', 'volatile second half', 'Cabka N.V.', '14% Cabka North America', 'June Frank Roerink', 'Contract Manufacturing business', 'current economic uncertainty', 'Total Operating Income', 'first six months', 'HY5 Change Sales', 'slower sales growth', '2022 Net Income', 'flash flooding', 'first half', 'replacement investments', 'non-operational items', 'US operation', 'US plant', 'past 12 months', 'volatile material', 'input costs', 'full production', 'house production', 'less uncertainty', 'economic uncertainties', 'Operating expenses', 'US market', 'Cabka CEO', 'strong growth', '2023 Half Year', 'plastic waste', 'audited results', 'Gross profit', 'improved margin', 'same period', 'Recycled material', 'European average', 'Tim Litjens', 'Customized Solutions', 'significant increase', 'Portfolio business', 'gradual reduction', 'solid improvement', 'St. Louis', 'full in', 'average age', 'machine park', '13 to 3 years', 'energy pricing', 'great improvement', 'positive trend', 'Key figures', 'Net result', 'YoY) growth', 'steady growth', 'strategic products', 'wider market', 'strong recovery', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'operational efficiencies', 'last year', 'regular operations', 'positive progress', '13 -15% EBITDA margin', '2% Year', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'RTP', 'Highlights', 'net-loss', '2022HY', 'Earnings', 'share', 'CAPEX', 'maintenance', 'CFO', 'challenges', 'Target', '11% rise', '20% decline', 'reopening', 'testament', 'resilience', 'dedication', 'team', 'reliance', 'facilities', 'efforts', 'effects', 'volatility', 'markets', 'start', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'profitability', 'IFRS4', 'materials', 'services']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RINGKJOBING-LANDBOBANK-A-35018541/news/Ringkjobing-Landbobank-issues-tier-2-capital-44670527/,Ringkjøbing Landbobank issues tier 2 capital,(marketscreener.com) Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock Exchange        Euronext DublinOther stakeholders Date    22 August 2023 Ringkjøbing Landbobank issues tier 2 capital Ringkjøbing Landbobank issues tier 2 capital for a total amount of DKK 500 million with ef…,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther stakeholdersDate 22 August 2023Ringkjøbing Landbobank issues tier 2 capitalRingkjøbing Landbobank issues tier 2 capital for a total amount of DKK 500 million with effect from 1 September 2023.The capital issue has a maturity of 10 years with a first call (redemption) option after 5 years.The interest for the entire term to maturity is agreed at a 6-month Cibor rate plus a margin of 200 basis points and with fixing of interest every six months.The issue  which is unlisted  will be made as a private placement with an institutional investor. The issue is part of the bank’s ongoing capital planning.Yours faithfullyRingkjøbing LandbobankJohn FiskerCEOAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Ringkjøbing Landbobank', 'tier 2 capital', 'John Fisker CEO Attachment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Other stakeholders Date', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank', '6-month Cibor rate', 'ongoing capital planning', 'tier 2 capital', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'total amount', 'first call', 'entire term', '200 basis points', 'private placement', 'institutional investor', 'capital issue', 'August', 'DKK', 'effect', '1 September', 'maturity', '10 years', 'option', '5 years', 'interest', 'margin', 'fixing', 'part']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729744/0/en/VEON-s-Banglalink-Announces-Strategic-Partnership-with-Digital-Communication-platform-BiP-in-Bangladesh.html,VEON’s Banglalink Announces Strategic Partnership with Digital Communication platform BiP in Bangladesh,Dhaka  22 August 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Banglalink  its wholly owned subsidiary  has launched BiP as an exclusive offering in…,Dhaka  22 August 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Banglalink  its wholly owned subsidiary  has launched BiP as an exclusive offering in Bangladesh  forming a strategic partnership with BiP Messenger.BiP  enjoyed by users spanning 192 countries  is an easy-to-use instant communication app that offers fast and secure and encrypted messaging  HD quality voice call  group video calls  instant translation in 106 different languages and additional features. The service is available both as a mobile and a web application.With this collaboration  VEON’s Banglalink will stand as the exclusive partner and sole entity responsible for nationwide co-branding  co-marketing  and co-promotion of BiP services in Bangladesh. Banglalink will introduce BiP-exclusive data bundles tailored specifically for its more than 40 million customers in the country.VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu  Banglalink CEO Erik Aas  Banglalink’s Chief Commercial Officer Upanga Dutta  and BiP CEO Gokhan Yuksektepe participated in the official virtual launch event of the strategic collaboration.Erik Aas  CEO  Banglalink  said  “At Banglalink  we are focused on expanding our digital services to meet the dynamic needs of our customers. Following the success of our digital streaming app Toffee and super-app MyBL  our collaboration with BiP is a significant step toward achieving our goal of advancing digital services in Bangladesh in line with our digital operator strategy and with our vision of contributing to the development of a Smart Bangladesh.”Gokhan Yuksektepe  CEO  BiP  said  “We are thrilled to see BiP gaining popularity among users in Bangladesh. Our aim is to make BiP a global communication app that offers personalized local experiences. Partnering with a prominent digital operator like Banglalink aligns with this global strategy and together  we are working to enhance BiP's presence in Bangladesh.”About VEON:VEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam. For more information  visit: www.veon.com.About Banglalink:Launched in February 2005  with over 40 million subscribers over a decade  Banglalink was the catalyst in making mobile telephony an affordable option for consumers in Bangladesh. The initial success of Banglalink was based on a simple mission: Bringing mobile telephony to the masses  which was the cornerstone of Banglalink’s strategy. Banglalink is now working relentlessly to bring the digital world to each and every customer  building a true digital Bangladesh and moving away from the traditional mobile operator to a tech company. Visit https://banglalink.net/DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s strategy and commercial plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationBanglalinkTaimur RahmanChief Corporate and Regulatory Affairs Officerpr@banglalink.netVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Strategic Communicationpr@veon.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.26,0.58,True,English,"['Digital Communication platform', 'Strategic Partnership', 'VEON', 'Banglalink', 'BiP', 'Bangladesh', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'HD quality voice call', 'official virtual launch event', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'BiP CEO Gokhan Yuksektepe', 'Banglalink CEO Erik Aas', 'group video calls', 'BiP-exclusive data bundles', 'personalized local experiences', 'Regulatory Affairs Officer', 'digital streaming app', 'prominent digital operator', 'greater digital inclusion', 'six dynamic markets', 'global digital operator', 'global communication app', 'instant communication app', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'traditional mobile operator', 'digital operator strategy', 'VEON Group CEO', 'true digital Bangladesh', 'digital services', 'Strategic Communication', 'instant translation', 'dynamic needs', 'global strategy', 'commercial plans', 'Chief Corporate', 'digital world', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'exclusive offering', 'strategic partnership', 'encrypted messaging', '106 different languages', 'additional features', 'web application', 'exclusive partner', 'sole entity', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Upanga Dutta', 'significant step', 'economic growth', '40 million subscribers', 'mobile telephony', 'affordable option', 'simple mission', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Taimur Rahman', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '40 million customers', '160 million customers', 'BiP Messenger', 'BiP services', 'initial success', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'Smart Bangladesh', 'strategic collaboration', 'VEON Ltd.', 'statements', 'Dhaka', 'NASDAQ', 'subsidiary', 'users', '192 countries', 'fast', 'secure', 'nationwide', 'branding', 'marketing', 'promotion', 'country', 'Toffee', 'super-app', 'MyBL', 'goal', 'vision', 'development', 'popularity', 'presence', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'population', 'February', 'decade', 'catalyst', 'consumers', 'masses', 'cornerstone', 'company', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CABKA-N-V-115395161/news/Cabka-2023-Half-Year-Profitable-revenue-growth-to-104-million-with-net-income-from-operations-at-44665293/,Cabka 2023 Half Year: Profitable revenue growth to € 104 million with net income from operations at € 3 million -Yesterday at 01:31 am,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam August 22  2023. Cabka N.V. a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging   listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its non-audited results for the first six mon…,"Amsterdam August 22  2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries  the “Company”) a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its non-audited results for the first six months ended June 30  2023 (“2023HY”)  today.1Highlights 2023 Half YearSales of € 104.3 million representing a 2% Year-on-Year (YoY) growthof € 104.3 million representing a 2% Year-on-Year (YoY) growth Gross profit from operations increased to € 50.8 million (2022HY: € 47.3 million) representing an improved margin of 49% over sales compared to last year (2022HY: 46%)increased to € 50.8 million (2022HY: € 47.3 million) representing an improved of 49% over sales compared to last year (2022HY: 46%) EBITDA from operations at € 13.4 million (2022HY: € 13.1 million) at 13% (2022HY: 13%)  recovering from a volatile second half of 2022at € 13.4 million (2022HY: € 13.1 million) at 13% (2022HY: 13%)  recovering from a volatile second half of 2022 Net Income from operations showing recovery to € 3.0 million (2022HY: € 0.7million)showing recovery to € 3.0 million (2022HY: € 0.7million) Net result € 0.8 million  recovering from net-loss mainly due to IPO related costs in 2022HY (€ -1.9 million)€ 0.8 million  recovering from net-loss mainly due to IPO related costs in 2022HY (€ -1.9 million) Earnings per share € 0.03 up € 0.11 from the same period in 2022 (2022HY € -0.08 per share)€ 0.03 up € 0.11 from the same period in 2022 (2022HY € -0.08 per share) Net Working Capital remains stable at € 37.0 million  or 18% of salesremains stable at € 37.0 million  or 18% of sales CAPEX of € 13.0 million  similar to 2022HY  including maintenance & replacement investments of € 3.6 million or 3.5% of sales excluding US flooding related investments 2of € 13.0 million  similar to 2022HY  including maintenance & replacement investments of € 3.6 million or 3.5% of sales excluding US flooding related investments Recycled material used in products 88% of total compared to a European average 3 of 14%in products 88% of total compared to a European average of 14% Cabka North America as planned returned to full production by end of Juneas planned returned to full production by end of June Frank Roerink appointed CFO at June 8 Annual General MeetingCabka CEO Tim Litjens  commented:“We can report positive progress  despite facing some challenges in the first six months of 2023. Customized Solutions demonstrated growth of 40%  primarily driven by a significant increase in the US market  fueled by Target. Additionally  our Portfolio business in the EU demonstrated steady growth  with an 11% rise compared to the same period in 2022. This progress is partly offset by a 20% decline in our Contract Manufacturing business  albeit  mainly driven by a gradual reduction in non-strategic products. Overall  our strategic focus segments showed solid improvement  growing by 6% compared to the very strong growth in the first half of 2022.After our US operation in St. Louis suffered from a flash flooding one year ago  recovery was completed as planned. Last month we have celebrated the reopening of the US plant  which is a testament to the resilience and dedication of our team. This progress ends our reliance on the use of external tolling production capacity  and we have returned to full in-house production as of the end of June. We have invested in upgrading and expanding our facilities  reducing the average age of our machine park from 13 to 3 years and are ideally equipped for re-establishing our strong commercial position in the market.In the past 12 months  Cabka has faced the challenge of volatile material and energy pricing. We have taken efforts to mitigate the effects from this volatility  and meanwhile markets have reached similar pricing levels as before the start of the war in Ukraine. This combined brings less uncertainty around our input costs. As a result  our EBITDA has shown a great improvement  from the challenging second half of 2022  at 13% over Sales. Despite the slower sales growth  we have demonstrated a strong recovery in profitability  delivering on the most recent outlook statement we provided. We will continue to focus on improving operational efficiencies to sustain this positive trend.As we move forward  it is essential to acknowledge that the current economic uncertainty presents challenges for our business and the wider market especially on sales for the year. As we remain cautiously optimistic navigating through these economic uncertainties  we stand by our outlook of 13 -15% EBITDA margin for 2023.“Key figures first six months 2023 including split in operational and non-operational itemsCondensed income statement bridgeregular operations to IFRS4 in Euro million 2023 HY 2022 HY5 Change Sales 104.3 102.2 2% Other operating income items 0.4 4.5 -90% Total Operating Income 104.7 106.8 -2% Expenses for materials  energy and purchased services (53.9) (59.5) -9% Gross Profit from regular operations 50.8 47.3 7% Operating expenses (37.4) (34.2) 9% EBITDA from regular operations 13.4 13.1 2% Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible and tangible fixed assets (8.0) (9.3) -14% EBIT /Operating Income 5.3 3.7 43% Financial results (1.3) (1.1) 20% Earnings before taxes 4.0 2.6 53% Taxes (1.0) (1.9) -47% Net income from regular operations 3.0 0.7 429% Non-operational items as reported Net impact of flooding (3.1) - Changes of value in special shares/warrants 0.1 3.5 Extraordinary items 2022 (incl. IPO Related costs) - (6.1) Non-operational tax impact 0.8 - Non-controlling interest - (0.1) Net result reported IFRS 0.8 (1.9) n.m.Specification non-operational impact of flooding in Euro million Shown in IFRS accounting as Reversal 2022 impairment on production line 0.5 Other operating income Insurance proceeds received 1.2 Other operating income Extra ordinary expenses flooding (1.7) Other operating expenses Extra tolling expenses due to flooding (3.1) Purchased services Net impact of flooding 2023HY (3.1)OutlookBased on Cabka’s strong fundamentals we reiterate our mid-term guidance6. Based on current challenging market conditions  we expect 2023 revenues of € 200 - 210 million with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.Share capitalAfter March 15  2023  following the lock up period  Cabka issued in total 398 022 Ordinary Shares from treasury to cover its obligations under its share program plans for key staff  resulting in a total of 24 380 213 Ordinary Shares issued per June 30  2023  and 15 989 978 Ordinary Shares remaining in treasury.An overview of total number of shares per end of 2022 and per end of 2023HY is provided in the table below.Cabka shares per 06.30.2023 12.31.2022 ISIN Ordinary Shares issued 24 380 213 23 982 191 CABKA / NL00150000S7 Ordinary Shares in treasury 15 989 978 16 388 000 DSC2S / NL00150002R5 Total Ordinary Shares 40 370 191 40 370 191 Special Shares 97 778 97 778 Total shares 40 467 969 40 467 969Relevant events after June 30  2022ORBIS Corporation (US) and Cabka jointly agreed to extend their successful existing manufacturing contract for another three years. The contract between ORBIS and Cabka is considered material with regards to the estimated annual revenues involved.Appointment of new CTIOMr. Javier Fernández Vázquez has been appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer (CTIO) and Managing Director of Cabka Spain as of October 1  2023. Javier Fernández is currently director Program Management Europe & Asia at SRG Global. In his capacity as CTIO he will also join the Executive Committee of Cabka Group.At the same time Chief Product Officer Material Handling Jean-Marc van Maren will change to a new role as advisor to the Board. Both Javier Fernández and Jean-Marc van Maren will report directly to CEO Tim Litjens.Proposed distribution 2022FYThe proposed distribution for Full Year 2022 of € 0.15 per share of which € 0.05 in cash and€ 0.10 in ordinary shares will be paid on Friday August 25.The number of ordinary share distribution rights entitled to one new ordinary share will be determined based on the volume-weighted average price (""VWAP"") of all traded Company’s ordinary shares at Euronext Amsterdam on Monday August 21  2023  and Tuesday August 22  2023. Rights to fractions of ordinary shares shall be paid in cash. There will be no trading in ordinary share distribution rights. Cabka will publish a press release with the total number of ordinary shares issued to cover the share distribution on August 24.Financial CalendarAugust 22 Publication Half Year Results 2023August 25 Dividend* Payment DateOctober 19 Trading Update Q3 2023March 20  2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactE: IR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  M: +316 109 42514W: investors.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO products are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of March 1  2022  under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.1 This press release contains a summary of the 2023HY results  for full report see the attached Half Year Report 20232 Including the US  € 8.2 million  or 7.9% of sales mainly driven by flooding related investments3 Systemiq April 2022 report Reshaping plastics. Pathway to a circular climate neutral plastics system in Europe4 The condensed income statement provides operational and non-operational result items for insight on underlying operational performance. The statements in the attached Half Year Report 2023 provide integral IFRS statements without this distinction.5 As Cabka was still working on the accounting of the De-SPAC/listing transaction at the publication date of the 2022HY results and therefore only included the expenses at 2022FY -and as reported in Cabka’s Annual Report 2022 published April 25  2023- but not in its 2022HY results as published on August 17  2022  all affected comparable figures for 2022HY are provided as published on August 17  2022 i.e. without taking into account listing expenses.6 Mid-term guidance: High single digit revenue growth; >20% EBITDA margin; ~4% maintenance and replacement CAPEX and ~20% NWC as percentage of revenues; ~30-35% pay-out ratio of net profit (€ 0.15 for 2022FY)Attachments",neutral,0.25,0.73,0.02,mixed,0.44,0.26,0.3,True,English,"['Profitable revenue growth', 'Half Year', 'net income', 'Cabka', 'operations', '01', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'external tolling production capacity', 'June 8 Annual General Meeting', 'Other operating income items', 'US flooding related investments', 'IPO related costs', 'recent outlook statement', 'income statement bridge', 'challenging second half', 'strategic focus segments', 'similar pricing levels', 'Net Working Capital', 'strong commercial position', 'volatile second half', 'Cabka N.V.', '14% Cabka North America', 'June Frank Roerink', 'Contract Manufacturing business', 'current economic uncertainty', 'Total Operating Income', 'first six months', 'HY5 Change Sales', 'slower sales growth', '2022 Net Income', 'flash flooding', 'first half', 'replacement investments', 'non-operational items', 'US operation', 'US plant', 'past 12 months', 'volatile material', 'input costs', 'full production', 'house production', 'less uncertainty', 'economic uncertainties', 'Operating expenses', 'US market', 'Cabka CEO', 'strong growth', '2023 Half Year', 'plastic waste', 'audited results', 'Gross profit', 'improved margin', 'same period', 'Recycled material', 'European average', 'Tim Litjens', 'Customized Solutions', 'significant increase', 'Portfolio business', 'gradual reduction', 'solid improvement', 'St. Louis', 'full in', 'average age', 'machine park', '13 to 3 years', 'energy pricing', 'great improvement', 'positive trend', 'Key figures', 'Net result', 'YoY) growth', 'steady growth', 'strategic products', 'wider market', 'strong recovery', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'operational efficiencies', 'last year', 'regular operations', 'positive progress', '13 -15% EBITDA margin', '2% Year', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'RTP', 'Highlights', 'net-loss', '2022HY', 'Earnings', 'share', 'CAPEX', 'maintenance', 'CFO', 'challenges', 'Target', '11% rise', '20% decline', 'reopening', 'testament', 'resilience', 'dedication', 'team', 'reliance', 'facilities', 'efforts', 'effects', 'volatility', 'markets', 'start', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'profitability', 'IFRS4', 'materials', 'services']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-GROUPE-NV-5967/news/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme-44665474/,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme -Yesterday at 02:01 am,(marketscreener.com) Within the framework of the share buyback programme  announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on NYSE Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 11 August 2…,Within the framework of the share buyback programme  announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on NYSE Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 11 August 2023 and 18 August 2023 included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 11-08-2023 85.000 5.513.559 € 64 87 € 64 44 € 65 50 € 14-08-2023 63.000 4.112.489 € 65 28 € 64 24 € 65 64 € 15-08-2023 50.000 3.247.360 € 64 95 € 64 84 € 65 30 € 16-08-2023 96.000 6.109.920 € 63 65 € 63 18 € 64 62 € 17-08-2023 90.000 5.664.501 € 62 94 € 62 46 € 63 44 € 18-08-2023 86.265 5.361.370 € 62 15 € 61 74 € 62 52 €Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 470.265 on 18 August 2023.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'Yesterday', '02', '01', 'NYSE Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Lowest price Highest price', 'Total price Average price', 'KBC Group NV', 'share buyback programme', 'total number', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '11 August', '18 August', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29253,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRAYONANO-AS-120976700/news/CrayoNano-Q2-2023-Trading-Update-Invitation-44665312/,CrayoNano : Q2 2023 Trading Update Invitation -Yesterday at 01:34 am,(marketscreener.com)   CrayoNano Q2 2023 Trading Update Invitation  22 Aug 2023    Trondheim  Norway-CrayoNano AS would like to extend an invitation to our Q2 2023 Trading Update.   Please register for the event on our website via the following lin…,"CrayoNano Q2 2023 Trading Update Invitation 22 Aug 2023Trondheim  Norway-CrayoNano AS (NOTC:CNANO) would like to extend an invitation to our Q2 2023 Trading Update.Please register for the event on our website via the following link: CrayoNano Q2 2023 Trading Update Webcast.The presentation will be held by Jo Uthus  CEO  and Jens Kielland  CFO and presented in English.Date: 23rd Aug 2023Time: 10:00 - 11:00 Central European Time (CEST)For more information  please contact:CEO Jo UthusMail: investor@crayonano.comPhone: +47 72 90 98 60About CrayoNanoFounded in 2012  CrayoNano develops and manufactures nanomaterials-based semiconductor components using proprietary technologies. Headquartered in Trondheim  Norway  CrayoNano has expanded with a subsidiary in Taiwan and supporting customers globally with sales representatives in EMEA  APAC and Americas. CrayoNano's innovative semiconductor components advance global solutions in health and safety  water purification  consumer  and industrial applications  and more. CrayoNano is registered on Euronext OTC in Norway under the ticker ""CNANO"".",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Q2 2023 Trading Update Invitation', 'CrayoNano', 'Yesterday', '01:34', 'CrayoNano Q2 2023 Trading Update Webcast', 'Trading Update Invitation', 'nanomaterials-based semiconductor components', 'innovative semiconductor components', '11:00 Central European Time', 'CEO Jo Uthus', 'Norway-CrayoNano AS', 'following link', 'Jens Kielland', 'proprietary technologies', 'sales representatives', 'global solutions', 'water purification', 'industrial applications', 'Euronext OTC', '23rd Aug', 'Trondheim', 'NOTC', 'CNANO', 'event', 'website', 'presentation', 'CFO', 'English', 'CEST', 'information', 'Mail', 'investor', 'Phone', 'subsidiary', 'Taiwan', 'customers', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'Americas', 'health', 'safety', 'consumer', 'ticker', '10:00', '47']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-s-Banglalink-Announces-Strategic-Partnership-with-Digital-Communication-platform-BiP-in-Banglad-44670528/,VEON's Banglalink Announces Strategic Partnership with Digital Communication platform BiP in Bangladesh,(marketscreener.com) Dhaka  22 August 2023: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Banglalink  its wholly owned subsidiary  has launched BiP as an exclusive offering in Bangladesh  formin…,Dhaka  22 August 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Banglalink  its wholly owned subsidiary  has launched BiP as an exclusive offering in Bangladesh  forming a strategic partnership with BiP Messenger.BiP  enjoyed by users spanning 192 countries  is an easy-to-use instant communication app that offers fast and secure and encrypted messaging  HD quality voice call  group video calls  instant translation in 106 different languages and additional features. The service is available both as a mobile and a web application.With this collaboration  VEON’s Banglalink will stand as the exclusive partner and sole entity responsible for nationwide co-branding  co-marketing  and co-promotion of BiP services in Bangladesh. Banglalink will introduce BiP-exclusive data bundles tailored specifically for its more than 40 million customers in the country.VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu  Banglalink CEO Erik Aas  Banglalink’s Chief Commercial Officer Upanga Dutta  and BiP CEO Gokhan Yuksektepe participated in the official virtual launch event of the strategic collaboration.Erik Aas  CEO  Banglalink  said  “At Banglalink  we are focused on expanding our digital services to meet the dynamic needs of our customers. Following the success of our digital streaming app Toffee and super-app MyBL  our collaboration with BiP is a significant step toward achieving our goal of advancing digital services in Bangladesh in line with our digital operator strategy and with our vision of contributing to the development of a Smart Bangladesh.”Gokhan Yuksektepe  CEO  BiP  said  “We are thrilled to see BiP gaining popularity among users in Bangladesh. Our aim is to make BiP a global communication app that offers personalized local experiences. Partnering with a prominent digital operator like Banglalink aligns with this global strategy and together  we are working to enhance BiP's presence in Bangladesh.”About VEON:VEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam. For more information  visit: www.veon.com.About Banglalink:Launched in February 2005  with over 40 million subscribers over a decade  Banglalink was the catalyst in making mobile telephony an affordable option for consumers in Bangladesh. The initial success of Banglalink was based on a simple mission: Bringing mobile telephony to the masses  which was the cornerstone of Banglalink’s strategy. Banglalink is now working relentlessly to bring the digital world to each and every customer  building a true digital Bangladesh and moving away from the traditional mobile operator to a tech company. Visit https://banglalink.net/DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s strategy and commercial plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationBanglalinkTaimur RahmanChief Corporate and Regulatory Affairs Officerpr@banglalink.netVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Strategic Communicationpr@veon.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.26,0.58,True,English,"['Digital Communication platform', 'Strategic Partnership', 'VEON', 'Banglalink', 'BiP', 'Bangladesh', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'HD quality voice call', 'official virtual launch event', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'BiP CEO Gokhan Yuksektepe', 'Banglalink CEO Erik Aas', 'group video calls', 'BiP-exclusive data bundles', 'personalized local experiences', 'Regulatory Affairs Officer', 'digital streaming app', 'prominent digital operator', 'greater digital inclusion', 'six dynamic markets', 'global digital operator', 'global communication app', 'instant communication app', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'traditional mobile operator', 'digital operator strategy', 'VEON Group CEO', 'true digital Bangladesh', 'digital services', 'Strategic Communication', 'instant translation', 'dynamic needs', 'global strategy', 'commercial plans', 'Chief Corporate', 'digital world', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'exclusive offering', 'strategic partnership', 'encrypted messaging', '106 different languages', 'additional features', 'web application', 'exclusive partner', 'sole entity', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Upanga Dutta', 'significant step', 'economic growth', '40 million subscribers', 'mobile telephony', 'affordable option', 'simple mission', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Taimur Rahman', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '40 million customers', '160 million customers', 'BiP Messenger', 'BiP services', 'initial success', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'Smart Bangladesh', 'strategic collaboration', 'VEON Ltd.', 'statements', 'Dhaka', 'NASDAQ', 'subsidiary', 'users', '192 countries', 'fast', 'secure', 'nationwide', 'branding', 'marketing', 'promotion', 'country', 'Toffee', 'super-app', 'MyBL', 'goal', 'vision', 'development', 'popularity', 'presence', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'population', 'February', 'decade', 'catalyst', 'consumers', 'masses', 'cornerstone', 'company', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729828/0/en/VIRBAC-2023-half-year-results-publication-postponed-to-end-of-September.html,VIRBAC - 2023 half-year results: publication postponed to end of September,At the end of August  with our priority systems fully restored and functional following the June cyberattack  we will be able to publish our mid-year results on September 28 with a two-week delay,At the end of August  with our priority systems fully restored and functional following the June cyberattack  we will be able to publish our mid-year results on September 28 with a two-week delayFollowing the cyberattack that targeted us on June 19  exceptional measures were immediately taken to contain it and a crisis unit including experts dedicated to cybersecurity was set up to assess the impact on our systems and quickly organize the remediation operations necessary for the continuity of our activities. This attack led to a temporary slowdown or interruption of some of our services: consequences which were nonetheless contained thanks to the responsiveness and mobilization of our teams.The remediation continued over the summer and to date  we have restarted the critical and important applications while having further strengthened our IT infrastructures. This allows us to operate our priority processes normally again at all of our sites around the world.These operations have made it possible to gradually restore fully functional financial systems and we will be able to publish our half-year results on September 28 (the presentation of the accounts and the detailed half-year financial report will  for their part  be published on October 6).Always working for animal healthAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  breeders and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services makes it possible to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and together shaping the future of animal health.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A – ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs department: tel. +33 4 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.7,0.27,mixed,0.29,0.19,0.53,True,English,"['2023 half-year results', 'VIRBAC', 'publication', 'end', 'September', 'detailed half-year financial report', 'Financial Affairs department', 'functional financial systems', 'half-year results', 'priority systems', 'mid-year results', 'two-week delay', 'exceptional measures', 'crisis unit', 'temporary slowdown', 'important applications', 'IT infrastructures', 'priority processes', 'animal health', 'innovative solutions', 'animal owners', 'Euronext Paris', 'subfund A', 'ISIN code', 'June cyberattack', 'remediation operations', 'end', 'August', 'September', 'experts', 'cybersecurity', 'impact', 'continuity', 'activities', 'interruption', 'services', 'consequences', 'responsiveness', 'mobilization', 'teams', 'summer', 'date', 'critical', 'sites', 'world', 'presentation', 'accounts', 'October', 'Virbac', 'veterinarians', 'breeders', '100 countries', '50 species', 'range', 'products', 'majority', 'pathologies', 'quality', 'life', 'animals', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel', 'email', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRBAC-5234/news/VIRBAC-2023-half-year-results-publication-postponed-to-end-of-September-44671033/,VIRBAC - 2023 half-year results: publication postponed to end of September -Yesterday at 11:46 am,(marketscreener.com) At the end of August  with our priority systems fully restored and functional following the June cyberattack  we will be able to publish our mid-year results on September 28 with a two-week delay Following the cyberattack that targeted us…,At the end of August  with our priority systems fully restored and functional following the June cyberattack  we will be able to publish our mid-year results on September 28 with a two-week delayFollowing the cyberattack that targeted us on June 19  exceptional measures were immediately taken to contain it and a crisis unit including experts dedicated to cybersecurity was set up to assess the impact on our systems and quickly organize the remediation operations necessary for the continuity of our activities. This attack led to a temporary slowdown or interruption of some of our services: consequences which were nonetheless contained thanks to the responsiveness and mobilization of our teams.The remediation continued over the summer and to date  we have restarted the critical and important applications while having further strengthened our IT infrastructures. This allows us to operate our priority processes normally again at all of our sites around the world.These operations have made it possible to gradually restore fully functional financial systems and we will be able to publish our half-year results on September 28 (the presentation of the accounts and the detailed half-year financial report will  for their part  be published on October 6).Always working for animal healthAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  breeders and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services makes it possible to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and together shaping the future of animal health.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A – ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs department: tel. +33 4 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.68,0.29,mixed,0.29,0.19,0.53,True,English,"['2023 half-year results', 'VIRBAC', 'publication', 'end', 'September', '11', 'detailed half-year financial report', 'Financial Affairs department', 'functional financial systems', 'half-year results', 'priority systems', 'mid-year results', 'two-week delay', 'exceptional measures', 'crisis unit', 'temporary slowdown', 'important applications', 'IT infrastructures', 'priority processes', 'animal health', 'innovative solutions', 'animal owners', 'Euronext Paris', 'subfund A', 'ISIN code', 'June cyberattack', 'remediation operations', 'end', 'August', 'September', 'experts', 'cybersecurity', 'impact', 'continuity', 'activities', 'interruption', 'services', 'consequences', 'responsiveness', 'mobilization', 'teams', 'summer', 'date', 'critical', 'sites', 'world', 'presentation', 'accounts', 'October', 'Virbac', 'veterinarians', 'breeders', '100 countries', '50 species', 'range', 'products', 'majority', 'pathologies', 'quality', 'life', 'animals', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel', 'email', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Repurchase-treasury-shares-44665533/,Colruyt N : Repurchase treasury shares -Yesterday at 02:04 am,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE - Halle   22 August 2023 - 08h30 - Regulated information   Repurchase of treasury shares   Referring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 …,PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium)  22 August 2023 - 08h30 - Regulated informationRepurchase of treasury sharesReferring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Companies and Associations Code  the Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV communicates that it has purchased in the period from 14 August 2023 to 18 August 2023 a total of 74.584 treasury shares at the regulated market Euronext Brussels  at an MTF or outside of an organised trading facility in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors of Colruyt Group has performed this purchase after having been so empowered by the extraordinary general meeting of 10 October 2019.As a result of these transactions the company holds a total of 7.689.326 treasury shares on 18 August 2023 or 5 73% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 134.077.688).An overview of the repurchases of treasury shares since 1 July 2009  will be available on our website www.colruytgroup.comunder:Investors/Shareholders' information/Overview of capital and shares/Repurchase of shares.Overview of repurchases from 14 August 2023 to 18 August 2023Date of Trading Number Average Highest Lowest Total (EUR) purchase facility (1) of shares price (EUR) purchase purchase price (EUR) price (EUR) 14/08/2023 AQEU 671 35 2197 35 24 35 19 14/08/2023 CEUX 5.934 35 0887 35 24 34 66 14/08/2023 TQEX 533 35 0841 35 23 34 66 14/08/2023 XBRU 7.838 35 1490 35 24 34 58 14/08/2023 14.976 35 1260 526.046 98 15/08/2023 AQEU 316 35 3402 35 45 35 31 15/08/2023 CEUX 4.595 35 4245 35 48 35 30 15/08/2023 TQEX 1.105 35 4000 35 45 35 30 15/08/2023 XBRU 8.984 35 4074 35 48 35 27 15/08/2023 15.000 35 4107 531.160 50 16/08/2023 AQEU 269 35 4635 35 51 35 41 16/08/2023 CEUX 4.941 35 3632 35 55 35 26 16/08/2023 TQEX 473 35 3756 35 51 35 32 16/08/2023 XBRU 9.225 35 3926 35 55 35 17 16/08/2023 14.908 35 3836 527.498 71 17/08/2023 AQEU 570 35 3806 35 39 35 27 17/08/2023 CEUX 3.749 35 3318 35 44 35 21 17/08/2023 TQEX 1.204 35 3560 35 42 35 26 17/08/2023 XBRU 9.477 35 3395 35 44 35 20 17/08/2023 15.000 35 3404 530.106 00 18/08/2023 AQEU 395 34 9567 35 24 34 94 18/08/2023 CEUX 3.675 35 1485 35 30 34 93 18/08/2023 TQEX 567 35 1561 35 22 34 98 18/08/2023 XBRU 10.063 35 0364 35 30 34 86 18/08/2023 14.700 35 0669 515.483 43 General total 74.584 35 27 2.630.295 61,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.03,mixed,0.47,0.29,0.24,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'treasury shares', '02', 'Fr. Colruyt NV', 'organised trading facility', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Highest Lowest Total', 'purchase purchase price', 'purchase facility', 'Colruyt Group', 'Trading Number', 'shares price', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Associations Code', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'applicable regulations', 'The Board', ""Shareholders' information"", 'total number', 'treasury shares', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '22 August', '08h30', 'Repurchase', 'article', 'Companies', '29 April', 'execution', 'Etn', 'period', '14 August', '18 August', 'market', 'MTF', 'accordance', 'Directors', '10 October', 'result', 'transactions', 'company', 'overview', '1 July', 'website', 'capital', 'Date', 'AQEU', 'CEUX', 'TQEX', 'XBRU', '105']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-Pledges-Ambitious-Action-on-Climate-Change-44669228/,Ipsen : Pledges Ambitious Action on Climate Change -Yesterday at 08:30 am,(marketscreener.com)  PARIS  France  27 October 2021 - Ipsen today has pledged to play its part in securing global net-zero emissions  ahead of the COP26 conference in Glasgow  UK  next month. Ipsen is proud to have joined the Business Ambition for 1.5°C1 ca…,"PARIS  France  27 October 2021 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today has pledged to play its part in securing global net-zero emissions  ahead of the COP26 conference in Glasgow  UK  next month. Ipsen is proud to have joined the Business Ambition for 1.5°C1 campaign and is committed to science-based greenhouse-gas (GHG) emissions reductions  including:Halving the absolute GHG emissions of Ipsen's facilities and fleet (Scope 12 & Scope 23) by 20304Working with up and downstream value-chain partners to deliver science-based Scope 35 emissions reductions by 2030Ipsen has already started to accelerate action on climate change. Over 85% of Ipsen's global electricity use is already from renewable sources. Ipsen is also making its facilities more efficient  investing in innovative heat-recovery technology and transforming its fleet energy mix.As a transition step on its pathway to net zero  Ipsen is also committing to climate-compensation measures from 2030 for the emissions not yet removed from its value chain. Even though such offset will never be a substitute for science-based emissions reductions  they still have an important role in preserving or enhancing existing carbon stocks and thus limit the worst impacts of climate change.Given the scale of the climate challenge  Ipsen believes everyone has a role to play. Together with the Company's value-chain partners and peers within the Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign  Ipsen can achieve the positive change needed for future generations.David Loew  Chief Executive Officer  commented:""One of the responsibilities to which I feel most deeply connected is the need to ensure that environmental sustainability  particularly minimizing our impact on climate  remains a core part of our approach. We have all seen the devastating impact of climate change. There is no doubt in my mind that this is one of the defining challenges of our time. The actions taken today will determine the impact felt by future generations. This is why our environmental approach is fully integrated into our strategy: Focus. Together. For patients & society"".IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience; it also has a well-established Consumer Healthcare business. With total sales of over €2.5bn in FY 2020  Ipsen sells more than 20 medicines in over 115 countries  with a direct commercial presence in more than 30 countries. The Company's research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 700 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.ContactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 7584 349 193 Adrien Dupin de Saint-CyrInvestor Relations Manager+33 6 64 26 17 49 Media Gwenan WhiteExecutive Vice President  Communications and External Affairs+44 7876 391 429 Fanny AllaireGlobal Communications Director+ 33 6 08 91 92 551 Business Ambition for 1.5°C is a global coalition of United Nations agencies  business and industry leaders  pushing climate ambition beyond the minimum to a global net-zero target  in line with a 1.5°C future.2 GHG emissions are categorized into three groups or 'Scopes' by the most widely-used international accounting tool  the GHG Protocol. Scope 1 emissions are the GHG emissions from direct operations including facility heat sources  refrigerant gasses and fleet.3 Scope 2 emissions are the GHG emissions from purchased electricity.4 Targets listed are compared to the 2019 base-year performance.5 Scope 3 emissions are indirect GHG emissions from upstream and downstream value-chain sources. The description and boundaries of Ipsen's Scope 3 categories are published annually in the Company's Universal Registration Document; visit ipsen.com.Attachment",neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,negative,0.03,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['Ambitious Action', 'Climate Change', 'Ipsen', 'Pledges', 'Yesterday', '08:30', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Investors Craig Marks Vice President', 'science-based greenhouse-gas (GHG) emissions reductions', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'science-based Scope 35 emissions reductions', 'Executive Vice President', 'science-based emissions reductions', 'existing carbon stocks', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'Media Gwenan White', 'United Nations agencies', 'global net-zero target', 'international accounting tool', 'Universal Registration Document', 'facility heat sources', 'global net-zero emissions', 'direct commercial presence', 'downstream value-chain sources', 'absolute GHG emissions', 'indirect GHG emissions', 'downstream value-chain partners', 'global electricity use', 'innovative heat-recovery technology', 'Consumer Healthcare business', 'Investor Relations Manager', 'Global Communications Director', 'fleet energy mix', '2 GHG emissions', 'global coalition', '3 Scope 2 emissions', '5 Scope 3 emissions', 'GHG Protocol', 'renewable sources', 'direct operations', 'COP26 conference', 'Business Ambition', '1.5°C1 campaign', 'transition step', 'climate-compensation measures', 'value chain', 'worst impacts', 'positive change', 'future generations', 'David Loew', 'environmental sustainability', 'defining challenges', 'Rare Disease', 'total sales', 'The Company', 'development efforts', 'leading biotechnological', 'life-science hubs', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'Adrien Dupin', 'External Affairs', 'Fanny Allaire', 'industry leaders', 'three groups', 'refrigerant gasses', '2019 base-year performance', 'climate change', 'climate challenge', 'climate ambition', '1.5°C campaign', '1.5°C future', 'important role', 'core part', 'environmental approach', 'transformative medicines', 'devastating impact', '1 emissions', '20 medicines', 'PARIS', 'France', '27 October', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'IPSEY', 'Glasgow', 'UK', 'facilities', 'action', 'pathway', 'offset', 'substitute', 'scale', 'everyone', 'peers', 'need', 'doubt', 'mind', 'time', 'strategy', 'Focus', 'patients', 'society', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'FY', '115 countries', '30 countries', 'research', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Cambridge', 'Shanghai', 'China', '5,700 colleagues', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Saint-Cyr', 'minimum', 'line', 'Scopes', '4 Targets', 'upstream', 'description', 'boundaries', '3 categories', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAJOREL-GROUP-LUXEMBOURG-127173176/news/Majorel-Group-Luxembourg-S-A-Majorel-to-publish-H1-2023-results-and-interim-financial-report-44665470/,Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Majorel to publish H1 2023 results and interim financial report -Yesterday at 02:01 am,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.  / Key word: Half Year Results/Half Year ReportMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Majorel to publish H1 2023 results and interim financial report 22.08.2023 / 08…,EQS-News: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. / Key word(s): Half Year Results/Half Year ReportMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Majorel to publish H1 2023 results and interim financial report22.08.2023 / 08:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.News ReleaseMajorel to publish H1 2023 results and interim financial reportLuxembourg  August 22  2023: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (Euronext Amsterdam: MAJ) (“Majorel”  the ‘’Company”)  a global customer experience (CX) leader  will publish its H1 2023 results and interim financial report on August 24  2023.Majorel will host a webcasted conference call for investors and analysts on Thursday  August 24  2023 at 14:00hrs CEST. Pre-call registration  and joining details for the live webcast  can be found below and also on our corporate website. The presentation for the conference call will be made available on the corporate website  in the morning.https://webcast.meetyoo.de/reg/RpbfZ4I6SoPBhttps://www.webcast-eqs.com/majorel2023-hy/no-audiohttps://www.webcast-eqs.com/majorel-2023-hyABOUT MAJORELWe’re a global CX leader. Clients say that our agile culture makes us special  which means that doing business with us is easy. As experts in customer experience management  we’ve seen it all  so we’re able to ensure the reliability our clients need and the care their customers deserve. Our team members love nothing more than to just get things done  secure in the knowledge that we strive to be the best home for their talent. Our spirit is resourceful  resilient  and relentless  and this is what drives us to go further.82 000 team members; 70+ languages; 45 countries; end-to-end CXM; tech-human augmentation; global and local. Majorel: Driven to go further. www.majorel.comCONTACTInvestor RelationsMichèle Negenir@majorel.comMedia RelationsAndrew Slatermedia@majorel.com,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,positive,0.7,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'interim financial report', 'H1 2023 results', '01', 'Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'Key word(s', 'Half Year Report', 'interim financial report', 'global customer experience', 'global CX leader', 'customer experience management', 'Michèle Negen', 'News Release Majorel', 'Half Year Results', 'H1 2023 results', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'conference call', 'Pre-call registration', 'live webcast', 'corporate website', 'agile culture', 'team members', 'best home', '70+ languages', 'end CXM', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Andrew Slater', '14:00hrs CEST', 'EQS-News', '00 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Company', 'August', 'investors', 'analysts', 'Thursday', 'details', 'presentation', 'morning', 'RpbfZ4I6SoPB', 'hy', 'Clients', 'business', 'experts', 'reliability', 'care', 'customers', 'things', 'knowledge', 'talent', 'spirit', '45 countries', 'CONTACT', '08']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-appoints-Mari-Scheiffele-as-EVP-and-President-Specialty-Care-International-44670021/,Ipsen : appoints Mari Scheiffele as EVP and President  Specialty Care International -Yesterday at 09:36 am,(marketscreener.com)   PARIS  France  11 October 2021 - Ipsen announced today the appointment of Mari Scheiffele as EVP and President  Specialty Care International  effective November 1st 2021. Based in Boulogne  France  she will be reporting directly to Da…,"PARIS  France  11 October 2021 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today the appointment of Mari Scheiffele as EVP and President  Specialty Care International  effective November 1st 2021. Based in Boulogne  France  she will be reporting directly to David Loew  CEO  Ipsen  and serve on the Executive Leadership Team.""Along with the ELT  we are very pleased to welcome Mari to Ipsen. Her diverse experience will be critical in developing our three key therapeutic areas  Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience  by continuing to strengthen Ipsen's international commercial presence in over 115 countries  excluding North America. Mari also brings valuable capabilities in transformation which she built over the course of her previous roles at Novartis and McKinsey. We are looking forward to working closely with her "" said David Loew  CEO  Ipsen.Mari brings 20 years of healthcare leadership experience  from across the industry  having worked in the US  Europe and in Japan. She joins Ipsen from Novartis where she has been in both global strategic and country operational roles  first in Japan and then in the UK. Most recently  Mari has been General Manager  Novartis Oncology UK & Ireland where with a focus on patient-centricity  evidence-based medicine  and partnership  she has driven a successful business transformation.In addition to her depth in Oncology  Mari has worked in other specialty care environments such as ophthalmology  neuroscience and immunology. Prior to Novartis  Mari was a partner at McKinsey & Company in New York and in Switzerland in Pharmaceuticals and Medical Products.""I'm delighted to be joining Ipsen at such an exciting time "" said Mari Scheiffele. ""Ipsen has an inspiring strategy  strong growth and a fantastic culture of collaboration  and excellence. I look forward to working with my new colleagues on Ipsen's International team  across its broad reach of markets  to bring Ipsen's transformative innovations to patients around the World.""Mari speaks English  Finnish and Japanese and holds a doctorate in neuroscience from Harvard Medical School.Attachment",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,positive,0.86,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Specialty Care International', 'Mari Scheiffele', 'Ipsen', 'EVP', 'President', '09', 'three key therapeutic areas', 'other specialty care environments', 'Specialty Care International', 'international commercial presence', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'healthcare leadership experience', 'country operational roles', 'Harvard Medical School', 'successful business transformation', 'Novartis Oncology UK', 'International team', 'diverse experience', 'previous roles', 'Medical Products', 'David Loew', 'Rare Disease', 'North America', 'valuable capabilities', 'global strategic', 'General Manager', 'evidence-based medicine', 'New York', 'exciting time', 'inspiring strategy', 'strong growth', 'fantastic culture', 'new colleagues', 'broad reach', 'transformative innovations', 'Mari Scheiffele', 'PARIS', 'France', '11 October', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'appointment', 'EVP', 'President', 'Boulogne', 'CEO', 'ELT', 'Neuroscience', '115 countries', 'course', 'McKinsey', '20 years', 'industry', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'Ireland', 'focus', 'partnership', 'addition', 'depth', 'ophthalmology', 'immunology', 'Company', 'Switzerland', 'Pharmaceuticals', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'markets', 'patients', 'World', 'English', 'doctorate', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29261,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-44670730/,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions -Yesterday at 10:55 am,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 22 August 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 14 August to 18 August 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareho…,Press ReleaseParis – 22 August2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 14 August to 18 August 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-08-07 BUY 30 9.400000 282.00 XAMS 2023-08-07 SELL 263 9.630989 2 532.95 XAMS 2023-08-08 BUY 384 9.307292 3 574.00 XAMS 2023-08-10 BUY 111 9.300000 1 032.30 XAMS 2023-08-11 BUY 200 9.322250 1 864.45 XAMS 2023-08-11 SELL 181 9.388950 1 699.40 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ3 2023 results: 9 November 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', '10', '55', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', '22 August2023 Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q3 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'shares', '14 August', '18 August', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '9']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29262,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-Exelixis-and-Ipsen-Announce-Cabozantinib-in-Combination-with-an-Immune-Checkpoint-Inhibitor-44670776/,Ipsen : Exelixis and Ipsen Announce Cabozantinib in Combination with an Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor Significantly Improved Progression-Free Survival in Phase 3 COSMIC-312 Pivotal Trial in Patients with Previously Untreated Advanced Liver Cancer,(marketscreener.com)   ALAMEDA  Calif. & PARIS - June 28  2021 - Exelixis  Inc. and Ipsen today announced that COSMIC-312  the ongoing phase 3 pivotal trial evaluating cabozantinib in combination with atezolizumab versus sorafenib in patients with previousl…,"ALAMEDA  Calif. & PARIS - June 28  2021 - Exelixis  Inc. (NASDAQ: EXEL) and Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today announced that COSMIC-312  the ongoing phase 3 pivotal trial evaluating cabozantinib (CABOMETYX®) in combination with atezolizumab versus sorafenib in patients with previously untreated advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) met one of the primary endpoints  demonstrating significant improvement in progression-free survival (PFS) at the planned primary analysis. A prespecified interim analysis for the second primary endpoint of overall survival (OS)  conducted at the same time as the primary analysis for PFS  showed a trend favoring the combination of cabozantinib and atezolizumab  but did not reach statistical significance. Based on the preliminary OS data  Exelixis anticipates that the probability of reaching statistical significance at the time of the final analysis is low. The trial will continue as planned to the final analysis of OS; results are anticipated in early 2022.In the analysis of the primary endpoint of PFS in the PFS intent-to-treat population  cabozantinib in combination with atezolizumab significantly reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 37% compared with sorafenib (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.63; 99% confidence interval [CI]: 0.44-0.91; P=0.0012). Safety for the combination appeared to be consistent with the known safety profiles of the individual medicines  and no new safety signals were identified. Exelixis plans to discuss the trial results and next steps for a potential regulatory filing with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).""While we are encouraged by the data supporting the potential for the combination of cabozantinib and atezolizumab to reduce the risk of disease progression or death  we are disappointed by the interim result of lack of significant improvement on overall survival versus the comparator arm "" said Michael M. Morrissey  Ph.D.  Exelixis' President and Chief Executive Officer. ""As these data continue to mature  we are working to understand the potential impact of various contributing factors on the results  including patient demographics  subsequent anti-cancer therapy and the impact of COVID-19 on the trial. We anticipate presenting the results at a future medical conference.""Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.94,0.04,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['Untreated Advanced Liver Cancer', 'Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor', 'COSMIC-312 Pivotal Trial', 'Progression-Free Survival', 'Ipsen', 'Exelixis', 'Cabozantinib', 'Combination', 'Phase', 'Patients', 'ongoing phase 3 pivotal trial', 'advanced hepatocellular carcinoma', 'U.S. Food', 'Michael M. Morrissey', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'various contributing factors', 'subsequent anti-cancer therapy', 'future medical conference', 'new safety signals', 'potential regulatory filing', 'second primary endpoint', 'prespecified interim analysis', 'preliminary OS data', 'interim result', 'primary endpoints', 'primary analysis', 'significant improvement', 'progression-free survival', 'overall survival', 'statistical significance', 'final analysis', 'disease progression', 'hazard ratio', '99% confidence interval', 'safety profiles', 'individual medicines', 'next steps', 'Drug Administration', 'comparator arm', 'Ph.D.', 'patient demographics', 'same time', 'potential impact', 'trial results', ""Exelixis' President"", 'ALAMEDA', 'Calif.', 'PARIS', 'June', 'NASDAQ', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'COSMIC', 'cabozantinib', 'CABOMETYX®', 'combination', 'atezolizumab', 'sorafenib', 'patients', 'HCC', 'PFS', 'trend', 'probability', 'early 2022', 'population', 'risk', 'death', 'FDA', 'lack', 'COVID', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29263,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729768/0/en/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 22 August 2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 22 August 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 14 August to 18 August 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-08-07 BUY 30 9.400000 282.00 XAMS 2023-08-07 SELL 263 9.630989 2 532.95 XAMS 2023-08-08 BUY 384 9.307292 3 574.00 XAMS 2023-08-10 BUY 111 9.300000 1 032.30 XAMS 2023-08-11 BUY 200 9.322250 1 864.45 XAMS 2023-08-11 SELL 181 9.388950 1 699.40 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ3 2023 results: 9 November 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q3 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '22 August', 'shares', '14 August', '18 August', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '9']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29264,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-acquires-office-building-Montoyer-24-in-Brussels-44671005/,Nextensa acquires office building Montoyer 24 in Brussels,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Brussels  22 August 2023 17h40 Non-regulated information NEXTENSA ACQUIRES OFFICE BUILDING MONTOYER 24 IN BRUSSELS Nextensa on 21 August acquired the office building located at 24 rue Montoyer in Brussels from Fedustria  the…,"PRESS RELEASEBrussels  22 August 2023 17h40Non-regulated informationNEXTENSA ACQUIRES OFFICE BUILDING MONTOYER 24 IN BRUSSELSNextensa on 21 August acquired the office building located at 24 rue Montoyer in Brussels from Fedustria  the sectoral federation of the Belgian textile  woodworking and furniture industries.The office building is ideally located in rue Montoyer in Brussels  one of the most sought-after office locations within the Leopold district  just a few metres from the Monteco building  which was completed at the end of 2022. The outdated building is currently leased to several European associations. Nextensa plans to develop a sustainable and high-quality office building of some 3 000 m² on this site. The plot also contains an underground car park and a pleasant garden of some 200 m²  which will be integrated into the new development as an additional asset. The permit application is in preparation.The Brussels-based architecture firm ARCHi2000 was chosen to design a CO2-neutral office building in wood  inspired by the design of the nearby Monteco.Particular attention will be paid to the sustainability of the new office building. Through the use of energy-efficient systems  preservation and reuse of part of the existing structure and a new wooden structure  the building aims to achieve 'BREEAM excellent' certification upon completion of the works  thus contributing to the further sustainability of Nextensa's investment portfolio.The acquisition confirms Nextensa's focus on sustainable buildings on prime locations.""We are pleased to announce that Nextensa is further expanding its investment portfolio in Belgium by investing in Brussels' Leopold Quarter  the top office location in Belgium. Nextensa will reuse its expertise in wooden constructions in the Leopold Quarter to pursue a second Monteco building  which has proven its success."" Michel Van Geyte  CEO NextensaFOR MORE INFORMATION:Michel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euABOUT NEXTENSANextensa is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer.The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (44%)  Belgium (41%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 30/06/2023 was approximately € 1.27 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed neighbourhood consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €442.1 million (value 30/06/2023).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.45,0.26,True,English,"['office building', 'Nextensa', 'Montoyer', 'Brussels', 'The Brussels-based architecture firm', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'several European associations', 'underground car park', ""BREEAM excellent' certification"", 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'large urban developments', 'major urban extension', 'top office location', 'high-quality office building', 'CO2-neutral office building', 'second Monteco building', 'new wooden structure', 'new office building', 'NEXTENSA ACQUIRES OFFICE', ""Brussels' Leopold Quarter"", 'office locations', 'existing structure', 'wooden constructions', 'new constructions', 'Leopold district', 'nearby Monteco', 'BUILDING MONTOYER', 'outdated building', 'PRESS RELEASE', '24 rue Montoyer', 'sectoral federation', 'furniture industries', 'pleasant garden', 'new development', 'additional asset', 'permit application', 'Particular attention', 'energy-efficient systems', 'investment portfolio', 'prime locations', 'Gare Maritime', 'Grand Duchy', 'mixed neighbourhood', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', 'market capitalization', 'Non-regulated information', 'sustainable buildings', 'total value', 'Euronext Brussels', '1000 Brussels', '22 August', '21 August', 'Fedustria', 'woodworking', 'end', '3,000 m²', 'site', 'plot', '200 m', 'preparation', 'ARCHi2000', 'design', 'sustainability', 'preservation', 'reuse', 'completion', 'works', 'acquisition', 'focus', 'Belgium', 'expertise', 'success', 'CEO', 'MORE', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'developer', 'company', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', '30/06', 'Tour', 'Taxis', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29265,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-and-GENFIT-enter-into-exclusive-licensing-agreement-for-elafibranor-a-Phase-III-asset-evalu-44668837/,Ipsen : and GENFIT enter into exclusive licensing agreement for elafibranor  a Phase III asset evaluated in Primary Biliary Cholangitis  as part of a long-term global partnership -Yesterday at 07:50 a,(marketscreener.com)   Agreement gives Ipsen global1 rights to develop and commercialize GENFIT's late-stage  first-in-class PPAR alpha and delta agonist elafibranor in Primary Biliary Cholangitis    Investigational treatment elafibranor being evaluated …,"Agreement gives Ipsen global1 rights to develop and commercialize GENFIT's late-stage  first-in-class PPAR alpha and delta agonist elafibranor in Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC)Investigational treatment elafibranor being evaluated in the global Phase III trial  ELATIVETM  with topline data expected early 2023GENFIT receives €120m upfront and is eligible to receive up to €360m in milestone payments as well as tiered double-digit royalties of up to 20%Ipsen becomes 8% shareholder of GENFIT via an equity investment of €28mParis (France)  17 December 2021 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) and GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT) have entered into a long-term strategic partnership for global collaboration between the two companies. The agreement gives Ipsen exclusive worldwide* license to develop  manufacture and commercialize GENFIT's investigational treatment elafibranor  for people living with Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). The partnership also gives Ipsen access to future clinical programs led by GENFIT and combines GENFIT's scientific expertise and proprietary technologies in liver disease with Ipsen's development and commercialization capabilities. To underscore the long-term commitment represented by this partnership  Ipsen will also purchase newly issued GENFIT equity representing 8% post-issuance through a €28m investment in GENFIT  becoming one of the largest shareholders.The ongoing  pivotal Phase III global trial  ELATIVETM  1 is evaluating the safety and efficacy of elafibranor in 150 people living with PBC who have an inadequate response or intolerance to ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA). Global recruitment is well underway. There is significant unmet medical need for people with PBC and  following positive Phase II data  2 elafibranor was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the U.S Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Orphan Drug Designation by the U.S. FDA and European Medicines Agency (EMA). 3 4 Results from the Phase II randomized double-blind  placebo controlled trial found that after 12 weeks of dosing with elafibranor  patients with PBC unresponsive to UDCA experienced significantly reduced levels of disease-activity markers including alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and composite endpoints with bilirubin as well as other markers of disease activity when compared to placebo.2David Loew  Chief Executive Officer  Ipsen  said ""Today's announcement marks an exciting new stage in Ipsen's ambitions to expand our portfolio to support more people living with rare diseases around the world. We are excited by elafibranor's data package  demonstrating the potential benefit of this first-in-class  innovative treatment option to help the PBC community. We look forward to the results of the ongoing Phase III program and regulatory submissions around the world to bring this potential new treatment option to patients. Ipsen is pleased to partner with GENFIT  a company that shares our common values and goals of bringing to market first-in-class treatments to improve the lives of people living with rare conditions like PBC.""Pascal Prigent  Chief Executive Officer of GENFIT added: ""We are excited to partner with Ipsen and launch this long-term strategic collaboration  with the goal to accelerate our growth and generate value for our shareholders. Ipsen's world-class development capabilities  well-established global commercial footprint and excellent track record in delivering therapies to patient populations with unmet medical need makes it the ideal partner for GENFIT. Today's landmark agreement demonstrates our ability to advance highly promising assets into late-stage development in-house and derive significant value. While we hope  above all  that this partnership with Ipsen will be a significant step towards having a positive impact on the lives of millions of patients suffering from life-threatening liver diseases  we also believe our shareholders will recognize the benefit offered by this collaboration model. The transaction proceeds indeed reinforce GENFIT's long-term financial visibility  including further funding for GENFIT to expand its pipeline  and they also provide opportunities for targeted business development  as exemplified by today's other announcement regarding our in-licensing of a new molecule.""PBC is a rare  progressive  chronic autoimmune disease of the liver.5 Bile is a liquid produced inside the liver that is used to help digest fats and remove waste products from the body.6 PBC leads to a slow  progressive destruction of the small bile ducts of the liver  causing bile and other toxins to build up in the liver (known as cholestasis).5 Further damage can lead to scarring  fibrosis and eventually cirrhosis of the liver.5 Common symptoms of PBC include fatigue and pruritus' (itching) which can be debilitating and  in more advanced cases  jaundice.5 Untreated  PBC can lead to liver failure  or in some cases death. PBC is more common in women with nine women diagnosed for every man; it is also a leading cause of liver transplantation.5GENFIT remains responsible for the Phase III ELATIVETM trial until the completion of the double-blind period. Ipsen will assume responsibility for all additional clinical development  including completion of the long-term extension period of the ELATIVETM trial  and global* commercialization. This newly established strategic partnership will also provide Ipsen with access to GENFIT's research capabilities and other clinical programs through rights to first negotiation.Under the agreement  Ipsen will pay GENFIT up to €480m  comprising upfront cash payment of €120m  as well as regulatory  commercial  and sales-based milestone payments up to €360m  plus tiered double-digit royalties of up to 20%. Ipsen also becomes a shareholder of GENFIT through the purchase of 3 985 239 newly issued shares representing 8% of GENFIT S.A after issuance  via a €28m investment. The new shares will be issued pursuant to the twentieth resolution of GENFIT's 30 June 2021 shareholders' meeting and will be subject  upon issuance  to a lock-up period ending  in the event of positive ELATIVE TM results  on the earlier of the date on which the EMA makes a formal recommendation to the European Commission for the marketing authorisation of elafibranor in PBC or the date on which the U.S. FDA grants approval of elafibranor in PBC. Issuance of the new shares is expected to take place on or about December 22  2021. In addition  the Board of Directors of GENFIT will propose at the next shareholders' meeting that Ipsen becomes a board member.The transaction is expected to be dilutive to Ipsen's profitability over the near term  primarily reflecting R&D and launch-preparation expenses. This is in line with Ipsen's medium-term outlook regarding its strategic focus on building a high-value and sustainable pipeline through external innovation.Conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and analysts will begin at 14:30 CET today. Participants should dial in to the call early and can register here; a recording will be available on ipsen.com  while the webcast can be accessed here. The event ID is 7296852.1.À l'exception de la Chine  de Hong Kong  de Taïwan et de Macao  où Terns Pharmaceuticals détient la licence exclusive pour développer et commercialiser elafibranorELATIVE. Clinical Trials. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT04526665?term=ELATIVE&draw=2&rank=12.Schattenberg JM  et al. A randomized placebo-controlled trial of elfibranor in patients with primary bilary cholangitis and incomplete responses to UDCA. Journal of Hepatology. 2021:74;1344-13543. GENFIT Press Release. 2019 https://www.genfit.com/press-release/genfit-announces-fda-grant-of-breakthrough-therapy-designation-to-elafibranor-for-the-treatment-of-pbc/4. European Medicines Agency. 2019. https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/orphan-designations/eu31921825. Kimagi T  Heathcote EJ. Orphanet J Rare Dis. 2008; 3:16. NHS. Primary Biliary Cirrhosis. https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/primary-biliary-cirrhosis-pbc/Attachment",neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,mixed,0.6,0.32,0.08,True,English,"['exclusive licensing agreement', 'Phase III asset', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'long-term global partnership', 'Ipsen', 'GENFIT', 'elafibranor', '07', 'ongoing, pivotal Phase III global trial', 'rare, progressive, chronic autoimmune disease', 'ongoing Phase III program', 'global Phase III trial', 'double-blind, placebo controlled trial', 'significant unmet medical need', 'potential new treatment option', 'positive Phase II data', 'Phase III ELATI', 'slow, progressive destruction', 'innovative treatment option', 'global commercial footprint', 'exclusive worldwide* license', 'future clinical programs', 'Breakthrough Therapy Designation', 'U.S Food', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'exciting new stage', 'excellent track record', 'long-term financial visibility', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'Investigational treatment elafibranor', 'long-term strategic collaboration', 'U.S. FDA', 'small bile ducts', 'delta agonist elafibranor', 'world-class development capabilities', 'long-term strategic partnership', 'Ipsen global1 rights', 'life-threatening liver diseases', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'global collaboration', 'rare diseases', 'Global recruitment', 'disease activity', 'rare conditions', 'positive impact', 'new molecule', 'long-term commitment', 'topline data', 'data package', 'significant step', 'commercialization capabilities', 'Drug Administration', 'potential benefit', 'collaboration model', 'significant value', 'PPAR alpha', 'milestone payments', 'double-digit royalties', 'equity investment', 'two companies', 'scientific expertise', 'proprietary technologies', '€28m investment', 'inadequate response', 'ursodeoxycholic acid', 'reduced levels', 'disease-activity markers', 'alkaline phosphatase', 'composite endpoints', 'other markers', 'David Loew', 'regulatory submissions', 'common values', 'Pascal Prigent', 'patient populations', 'ideal partner', 'promising assets', 'transaction proceeds', 'business development', 'waste products', 'other toxins', 'Further damage', 'scarring, fibrosis', 'Common symptoms', 'leading cause', 'liver failure', 'liver transplantation', 'late-stage development', 'other announcement', 'advanced cases', 'nine women', 'largest shareholders', 'class treatments', 'landmark agreement', 'Ipsen access', 'PBC community', 'GENFIT equity', '2 elafibranor', 'ELATIVETM', '8% shareholder', 'Paris', 'France', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'people', '8% post-issuance', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'intolerance', 'UDCA', 'EMA', '3,4 Results', '12 weeks', 'dosing', 'patients', 'bilirubin', 'Today', 'ambitions', 'portfolio', 'company', 'goals', 'market', 'lives', 'growth', 'ability', 'house', 'millions', 'funding', 'pipeline', 'opportunities', 'licensing', 'liquid', 'fats', 'body', 'cholestasis', 'cirrhosis', 'fatigue', 'death', 'man', '17']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29266,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-maintains-2023-awards-momentum-with-Stevie-Awards-win-44669580/,Wolters Kluwer maintains 2023 awards momentum with Stevie® Awards win,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Wolters Kluwer maintains 2023 awards momentum with Stevie® Awards winCorporate Performance & ESG adds to impressive independent recognition tally Amsterdam – August 22  2023 - Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance & ESG has m…,PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer maintains 2023 awards momentum with Stevie® Awards winCorporate Performance & ESG adds to impressive independent recognitiontallyAmsterdam – August 22  2023 - Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) has maintained its strong 2023 awards momentum by capturing a Stevie Award in the 20th Annual International Business Awards.The international business awards were established in 2002 to honor and generate public recognition of the achievements and positive contributions of international organizations. This year  with Wolters Kluwer already securing a raft of other prestigious industry wins  CCH Tagetik® ESG & Sustainability Performance Management added to that win count by emerging a Gold Winner in the Business Technologies  Financial Management Solution category.CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management enables Wolters Kluwer clients to manage ESG reporting and the data intelligence to achieve long-term sustainable growth. With pre-built and configurable options  this expert solution streamlines data collection  calculation and KPI disclosure. The solution also shows how ESG initiatives and financial performance converge  allowing users to embed ESG KPIs into their financial and operational plans  to help improve decision making  identify growth opportunities  and combat credit  climate and reputational risk.“This latest accolade  coming as it does among others this year  reflects that our focus on delivery  flexibility  quality and customer satisfaction  is a winning strategy ” said Karen Abramson  CEO of Wolters Kluwer CP & ESG. “I would like to thank the judges at the International Business Awards for recognizing that our products  and teams  are consistently delivering market-leading solutions to collect  report  analyze  and assure data. Our experts help customers drive corporate responsibility  improve workplace safety  enable global sustainability  fuel commerce  and ease regulatory compliance across industry sectors.”The CP & ESG division  created in March 2023  harnesses award-winning global  cloud-based software businesses whose combined reach provides industry-leading solutions  CCH Tagetik  OneSumX  TeamMate  and Enablon. Meanwhile  last month Wolters Kluwer CP & ESG was named among the leading global providers of ESG Software in the inaugural and prestigious Green Quadrant: ESG Reporting and Data Management Software 2023 report from Verdantix  an independent research firm. The company was also named a “Top Vendor” in the inaugural 2023 Environmental  Social  and Governance Reporting (ESG) Market Study  published by Dresner Advisory Services.# # #About WoltersWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactPaul LyonSenior Director  External CommunicationsWolters KluwerMobile: +44 7765 391 824Paul.Lyon@wolterskluwer.comAttachment,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,positive,0.76,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Stevie® Awards win', '2023 awards momentum', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'award-winning global, cloud-based software businesses', '20th Annual International Business Awards', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'other prestigious industry wins', 'Financial Management Solution category', 'Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance', 'prestigious Green Quadrant', 'impressive independent recognitiontally', 'leading global providers', 'independent research firm', 'deep domain knowledge', 'strong 2023 awards momentum', 'Sustainability Performance Management', 'long-term sustainable growth', 'Wolters Kluwer clients', 'Wolters Kluwer Mobile', 'Data Management Software', 'ESG) Market Study', 'Dresner Advisory Services', 'Stevie® Awards win', 'Wolters Kluwer CP', 'CCH Tagetik® ESG', 'CCH Tagetik ESG', 'global sustainability', '2022 annual revenues', 'international organizations', 'Business Technologies', 'industry sectors', 'global leader', 'financial performance', 'ESG Software', 'Stevie Award', 'growth opportunities', 'corporate responsibility', 'corporate compliance', 'expert solution', 'The CP', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'public recognition', 'positive contributions', 'Gold Winner', 'data intelligence', 'configurable options', 'data collection', 'KPI disclosure', 'operational plans', 'decision making', 'reputational risk', 'latest accolade', 'customer satisfaction', 'winning strategy', 'Karen Abramson', 'market-leading solutions', 'workplace safety', 'fuel commerce', 'industry-leading solutions', 'Governance Reporting', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', 'Media Contact', 'Paul Lyon', 'Senior Director', 'External Communications', 'Paul.Lyon', 'ESG reporting', 'ESG initiatives', 'ESG KPIs', 'ESG division', 'regulatory compliance', 'Amsterdam', 'August', 'achievements', 'raft', 'calculation', 'users', 'combat', 'climate', 'others', 'focus', 'delivery', 'flexibility', 'quality', 'CEO', 'judges', 'products', 'teams', 'experts', 'customers', 'March', 'combined', 'reach', 'OneSumX', 'TeamMate', 'Enablon', 'inaugural', 'Verdantix', 'company', 'Vendor', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'wolterskluwer', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29267,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729601/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-maintains-2023-awards-momentum-with-Stevie-Awards-win.html,Wolters Kluwer maintains 2023 awards momentum with Stevie® Awards win,PRESS RELEASE      Wolters Kluwer maintains 2023 awards momentum with Stevie® Awards winCorporate Performance & ESG adds to impressive......,PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer maintains 2023 awards momentum with Stevie® Awards winCorporate Performance & ESG adds to impressive independent recognition tallyAmsterdam – August 22  2023 - Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) has maintained its strong 2023 awards momentum by capturing a Stevie Award in the 20th Annual International Business Awards.The international business awards were established in 2002 to honor and generate public recognition of the achievements and positive contributions of international organizations. This year  with Wolters Kluwer already securing a raft of other prestigious industry wins  CCH Tagetik® ESG & Sustainability Performance Management added to that win count by emerging a Gold Winner in the Business Technologies  Financial Management Solution category.CCH Tagetik ESG & Sustainability Performance Management enables Wolters Kluwer clients to manage ESG reporting and the data intelligence to achieve long-term sustainable growth. With pre-built and configurable options  this expert solution streamlines data collection  calculation and KPI disclosure. The solution also shows how ESG initiatives and financial performance converge  allowing users to embed ESG KPIs into their financial and operational plans  to help improve decision making  identify growth opportunities  and combat credit  climate and reputational risk.“This latest accolade  coming as it does among others this year  reflects that our focus on delivery  flexibility  quality and customer satisfaction  is a winning strategy ” said Karen Abramson  CEO of Wolters Kluwer CP & ESG. “I would like to thank the judges at the International Business Awards for recognizing that our products  and teams  are consistently delivering market-leading solutions to collect  report  analyze  and assure data. Our experts help customers drive corporate responsibility  improve workplace safety  enable global sustainability  fuel commerce  and ease regulatory compliance across industry sectors.”The CP & ESG division  created in March 2023  harnesses award-winning global  cloud-based software businesses whose combined reach provides industry-leading solutions  CCH Tagetik  OneSumX  TeamMate  and Enablon. Meanwhile  last month Wolters Kluwer CP & ESG was named among the leading global providers of ESG Software in the inaugural and prestigious Green Quadrant: ESG Reporting and Data Management Software 2023 report from Verdantix  an independent research firm. The company was also named a “Top Vendor” in the inaugural 2023 Environmental  Social  and Governance Reporting (ESG) Market Study  published by Dresner Advisory Services.# # #About WoltersWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactPaul LyonSenior Director  External CommunicationsWolters KluwerMobile: +44 7765 391 824Paul.Lyon@wolterskluwer.comAttachment,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Stevie® Awards win', '2023 awards momentum', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'award-winning global, cloud-based software businesses', '20th Annual International Business Awards', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'other prestigious industry wins', 'Financial Management Solution category', 'Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance', 'prestigious Green Quadrant', 'leading global providers', 'independent research firm', 'deep domain knowledge', 'strong 2023 awards momentum', 'Sustainability Performance Management', 'impressive independent recognition', 'long-term sustainable growth', 'Wolters Kluwer clients', 'Wolters Kluwer Mobile', 'Data Management Software', 'ESG) Market Study', 'Dresner Advisory Services', 'Stevie® Awards win', 'Wolters Kluwer CP', 'CCH Tagetik® ESG', 'CCH Tagetik ESG', 'global sustainability', '2022 annual revenues', 'international organizations', 'Business Technologies', 'industry sectors', 'global leader', 'financial performance', 'ESG Software', 'Stevie Award', 'public recognition', 'growth opportunities', 'corporate responsibility', 'corporate compliance', 'expert solution', 'The CP', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'positive contributions', 'Gold Winner', 'data intelligence', 'configurable options', 'data collection', 'KPI disclosure', 'operational plans', 'decision making', 'reputational risk', 'latest accolade', 'customer satisfaction', 'winning strategy', 'Karen Abramson', 'market-leading solutions', 'workplace safety', 'fuel commerce', 'industry-leading solutions', 'Governance Reporting', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', 'Media Contact', 'Paul Lyon', 'Senior Director', 'External Communications', 'Paul.Lyon', 'ESG reporting', 'ESG initiatives', 'ESG KPIs', 'ESG division', 'regulatory compliance', 'Amsterdam', 'August', 'achievements', 'raft', 'calculation', 'users', 'combat', 'climate', 'others', 'focus', 'delivery', 'flexibility', 'quality', 'CEO', 'judges', 'products', 'teams', 'experts', 'customers', 'March', 'combined', 'reach', 'OneSumX', 'TeamMate', 'Enablon', 'inaugural', 'Verdantix', 'company', 'Vendor', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'wolterskluwer', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29268,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AXA-4615/news/AXA-launches-its-2023-employee-share-offering-Shareplan-2023-44666636/,AXA : launches its 2023 employee share offering (Shareplan 2023) -Yesterday at 02:50 am,(marketscreener.com)   ➢ ISSUER   AXA  ICB sectorial classification:   Industry : 8000  Financials   Supersector : 8500  Insurance   Sector : 8530  Non life Insurance   Subsector : 8532  Full line Insurance   ➢ SHARES...https://www.markets…,➢ISSUERAXA  ICB sectorial classification:Industry : 8000  FinancialsSupersector : 8500  InsuranceSector : 8530  Non life InsuranceSubsector : 8532  Full line Insurance➢SHARES TO BE ISSUED◆ Date of the Shareholders' Meeting having authorized the capital increase: April 27  2023.◆ Dates of the Board of Directors'/Chief Executive Officer's decision acting upon delegation of the Board of Directors: June 15  2023 (principle of the offering and fixing of the reservation period) and expected on October 11  2023 (fixing of the Reference Price  the Subscription Prices and the dates of the retraction/subscription period).◆ Type of share proposed  maximum number: pursuant to (i) the 22nd resolution adopted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 27  2023 and (ii) the decision of the Board of Directors of June 15  2023  the offering will consist of the following:▶ An issue  without preferential subscription rights  of shares offered at a Subscription Price equal to:- under the classic offer  for all countries: 80% of the Reference Price;- under the guarantee plus offer  for all countries: 92.40% of the Reference Price.▶ The Reference Price will be equal to the arithmetical average of the 20 daily VWAPs (volume-weighted average prices)  i.e. the arithmetic average of the average prices of the AXA shares exchanged in one trading day  weighted by the number of AXA shares exchanged for each price on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (excluding opening and closing prices)  over a period of 20 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day before the Chief Executive Officer acting upon delegation of the Board of Directors of AXA  officially sets the opening date of the retraction/subscription period.▶ The initial personal investment of the employees subscribing to the guarantee plus offer will be guaranteed by a partner bank (Natixis) and the subscribers will benefit from the greater of (i) an annual return of 5% capitalized on the amount of their personal investment  or (ii) four times the average protected increase of the AXA's share price calculated over the holding period and applied on their personal investment.▶ The maximum number of new shares that may be issued pursuant to the offering is 58 951 965 shares  corresponding to a capital increase of a nominal amount of approximately Euro 135 million.▶ The new shares will be eligible for dividends declared in respect of periods as of January 1st  2023.➢CONDITIONS RELATING TO SUBSCRIPTION◆ Beneficiaries of the offering: unless local law requires otherwise  the individuals eligible for the offeringare:- Employees who are under a valid work contract (open-ended or fixed-term) with one or more of the eligible AXA entities  members of the AXA International Group Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Plan International d'Actionnariat de Groupe or P.I.A.G.) or the AXA French Group Employee Savings Plan (Plan d'Epargne d'Entreprise de Groupe or P.E.E.G.)  who are on the payroll on the first day of the reservation period and on the last day of the retractation/subscription period  and having on the last day of the retraction/subscription period at least 3 months of prior continuous or discontinuous service over the period running from January 1st  2022 to the last day of the retraction/subscription period  pursuant to Article L.3342-1 of the French Labor Code;- Former employees of eligible entities (retired or semi-retired from these entities)  having kept assets in an Employee Stock Ownership Fund (FCPE) and/or securities in a registered account within the AXA P.I.A.G. or the AXA P.E.E.G.;- As well as general insurance agents in France having an individual mandate with an entity that is a member of the P.E.E.G. and who market the products of such entity. This agreement must have been into effect for at least 3 months on the last day of the retraction/subscription period  pursuant to Articles L.3342-1 and D.3331-3 of the French Labor Code.The entities eligible for the offering are those that have enrolled in the P.E.E.G. or in the P.I.A.G. including the amendments thereto.◆ Preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders: the issue of shares will be made without preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders  in favor of members of an employee savings scheme pursuant to the provisions of Article L.225-138-1 of the French Commercial Code.◆ Terms of subscription:- For the classic offer (other than Germany  Italy  South Korea  Spain and the United States) the new shares will be subscribed through FCPEs of which the employees will receive units. The employees will have direct voting rights at AXA's shareholders' meetings.In Germany  Italy  South Korea  Spain and the United States  the shares will be subscribed directly by employees and will be held in registered accounts. They will have direct voting rights.- For the guarantee plus offer other than in China  Italy  South Korea  the United States and Sweden where the guarantee plus formula will not be offered  the new shares will be subscribed through FCPEs of which the employees will receive units. The employees will have direct voting rights at AXA's shareholders' meetings.◆ Investment limit: in accordance with Article L.3332-10 of the French Labor Code  aggregate voluntary contributions by each eligible employee may not exceed one-fourth of that eligible employee's annual gross compensation or pension benefits*  as the case may be (such investment limits could be lower pursuant to local laws). For the guarantee plus offer  the investment limit of one-fourth of the employee's annual gross compensation or pension benefits is calculated after taking into account the complementary contribution of the partner bank (Natixis). During the retraction/subscription period  eligible employees will have the possibility to invest (i) in the classic plan under the same terms and conditions as those applicable during the reservation period and/or (ii) in the guarantee plus plan with an investment ceiling reduced to 2.5% of their annualized eligible compensation (contribution of the partner bank included).◆ Minimum holding period of shares: participating employees will be obliged to hold their shares or FCPE units for a period of approximately five years  i.e. until June 1st  2028 in France  until July 1st  2028 for the rest of the world and until November 24  2028 in Belgium  except in the case of a specified early exit event.➢TIMETABLE FOR THE OFFERING◆ Unknown Subscription Price reservation period: from August 23  2023 (inclusive) to September 6  2023(inclusive).◆ Fixing period to determine the Reference Price: from September 13  2023 (inclusive) to October 10  2023(inclusive) (subject to the fixing of the retraction/subscription period by the decision of AXA's Chief ExecutiveOfficer acting upon delegation of the Board of Directors  which should occur on October 11  2023).◆ Retraction/subscription period: expected to run from October 12  2023 (inclusive) to October 16  2023(inclusive)  subject to the decision of AXA's Chief Executive Officer acting upon delegation of the Board ofDirectors.◆ Date of the capital increase: expected on November 24  2023.➢HEDGING TRANSACTIONSThe implementation of the guarantee plus offer may lead the financial institution acting as the counterparty to the swap transaction (Natixis) to undertake hedging transactions  including prior to the implementation of the plan  in particular as from the beginning of the fixing period  and over the entire course of the plan.➢LISTINGListing of the new shares on compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISN FR0000120628) will be requested as soon as possible after the capital increase expected on November 24  2023 and will be completed at the latest by December 31st  2023 on the same line as the existing shares.➢ OTHER INFORMATIONThe FCPE regulations (and key information documents related to the FCPEs) through which the employees may participate in the offering received the approval of the AMF (Autorité des marchés financiers) on June 20 and July 11  2023.This press release is made in reliance of the exemption from publishing a prospectus provided for in Article 1.4 (i) and 1.5(h) of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This press release represents the document required to qualify for the exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.➢CONTACTFor questions relating to the present offering  please contact your Human Resources Department.(*) please refer to the document,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['2023 employee share offering', 'AXA', 'Shareplan', '50', 'AXA International Group Employee Stock Purchase Plan', 'AXA French Group Employee Savings Plan', 'AXA P.E.E.G.', 'AXA P.I.A.G.', 'Employee Stock Ownership Fund', 'employee savings scheme', 'French Labor Code', 'French Commercial Code', 'ICB sectorial classification', 'Chief Executive Officer', '20 consecutive trading days', 'valid work contract', 'Actionnariat de Groupe', 'Entreprise de Groupe', 'direct voting rights', 'Non life Insurance', 'Full line Insurance', 'general insurance agents', 'Plan International', 'one trading day', 'preferential subscription rights', 'average protected increase', 'initial personal investment', 'volume-weighted average prices', 'last trading day', 'eligible AXA entities', 'guarantee plus offer', 'Compartment A', 'Insurance Sector', 'AXA shares', 'last day', 'arithmetical average', 'arithmetic average', 'Subscription Prices', 'capital increase', 'first day', 'closing prices', 'eligible entities', 'Financials Supersector', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", '22nd resolution', '20 daily VWAPs', 'Euronext Paris', 'partner bank', 'annual return', 'local law', 'prior continuous', 'discontinuous service', 'Article L.', 'registered account', 'individual mandate', 'existing shareholders', 'South Korea', 'United States', 'Reference Price', 'reservation period', 'retraction/subscription period', 'holding period', 'retractation/subscription period', 'classic offer', 'maximum number', 'new shares', 'nominal amount', 'share price', 'Former employees', 'opening date', '58,951,965 shares', 'ISSUER', 'Industry', 'Subsector', 'April', 'Dates', 'Board', 'Directors', 'decision', 'delegation', 'June', 'principle', 'offering', 'fixing', 'October', 'Type', 'countries', 'acting', 'Natixis', 'subscribers', 'greater', 'dividends', 'respect', 'periods', 'January', 'CONDITIONS', 'Beneficiaries', 'individuals', 'fixed', 'term', 'members', 'Epargne', 'payroll', '3 months', 'assets', 'FCPE', 'securities', 'France', 'entity', 'products', 'agreement', 'effect', 'Articles', 'D.', 'amendments', 'favor', 'provisions', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'units', 'China', 'Sweden', 'formula', '◆']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/amsc-asa---sale-of-the-us-jones-act-activities-to-a-fund-managed-by-maritime-partners-llc-301906454.html,AMSC ASA - SALE OF THE U.S. JONES ACT ACTIVITIES TO A FUND MANAGED BY MARITIME PARTNERS  LLC,"LYSAKER  Norway  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the joint announcement made by AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC. (""Maritime Partners"") today regarding the signing by AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisitio…","LYSAKER  Norway  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the joint announcement made by AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC. (""Maritime Partners"") today regarding the signing by AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisition"")  a newly-formed company owned and controlled by a fund managed by Maritime Partners  of a share purchase agreement (the ""SPA"") for PM Acquisition's purchase of American Tanker Holding Company  Inc. (""ATHC"")  a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMSC (the ""Transaction"").Pål Lothe Magnussen  CEO of AMSC commented that ""the management team at AMSC is pleased that a Maritime Partners managed fund  a leading Jones Act leasing company  is acquiring our Jones Act business. We believe this is the ideal new owner of this business for the next phase in the lifecycle of these assets. AMSC's ownership tenure has surpassed 18 years since the ships were ordered  during which significant financial profits have been created and provided to AMSC and its shareholders. We believe that the long remaining commercial life of the fleet in combination with strong bareboat charter contract cover in a strong market represents a good opportunity and point in time for us to reconsider capital allocation for AMSC and strategy going forward  and this transaction is a natural step in this process.""Key terms of the TransactionATHC  directly or indirectly  owns all shares in each of American Shipping Corporation  American Tanker  Inc.  ASC Leasing I  Inc  ASC Leasing II  Inc  ASC Leasing III  Inc  ASC Leasing IV  Inc ASC Leasing V  Inc  ASC Leasing VI  Inc and ASC Leasing VII  Inc  ASC Leasing VIII  Inc  ASC Leasing IX  Inc and ASC Leasing X  Inc. The Transaction does accordingly comprise all of the ownership interests in AMSC group's ten vessels operating in the U.S. Jones Act market and related activities.AMSC will receive cash proceeds from the Transaction of in aggregate USD 249.3 million  divided between consideration for the shares in ATHC and repayment of a shareholder loan  reflecting an enterprise value of ATHC of USD 746.7 million based on the balance sheet of ATHC as at March 31  2023. The consideration represents a premium to current implied trading value of AMSC and a valuation of ATHC that is 2.4x book equity (based on year end 2022 book equity and including the shareholder loan) and EV/EBITDA (2022) ratio of 9.1x and P/E ratio of 19.8x (2022).Pursuant to the SPA  the purchase price for the shares will be adjusted for any deviation (positive or negative) between budgeted and actually incurred capex relating to a 15 year special survey for each of the MR tanker vessels Seakay Star and Seakay Valor  and certain other non-material planned capex items. The special survey for Seakay Valor was completed during the second quarter of 2023  and Seakay Star is scheduled to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2023.USD 246.3 million of the gross cash proceeds are payable to AMSC at completion of the Transaction  while the remaining USD 3 million (as adjusted  if relevant) is expected to be paid during the first quarter of 2024.Completion of the Transaction is subject to the approval of the Transaction by the AMSC general meeting with no less than a 2/3 majority of the shares and the votes represented at the general meeting  which also is in line with the recommendation in section 14 of the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance. Notice of an extraordinary general meeting to consider the Transaction (the ""EGM"") is expected to be sent to the AMSC shareholders on or about August 29  2023  and the EGM is expected to be held during the second half of September 2023. Completion is in addition conditional upon the fulfilment of certain customary conditions  including  inter alia  expiry or termination of the waiting period under the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act  no material breach of the SPA and absence of material adverse event.The main shareholders in AMSC  Aker Capital AS and DNB Bank ASA  holding in aggregate 34.61% of the shares and votes in AMSC  have irrevocably and unconditionally agreed to exercise all voting rights in respect of its respective shares in AMSC in favor of the Transaction.AMSC has given certain customary representations and warranties in respect of ATHC  its subsidiaries  financial position  tax matters  assets  rights  obligations  business and operations as at the date of signing of the SPA and as of completion of the Transaction. Any breach of fundamental warranties  such as ownership to shares in ATHC or a subsidiary  or warranties relating to tax matters can in general only be claimed by the Buyer under a W&I insurance taken out in connection with the Transaction  and AMSC may in practice only be liable if a breach of any such warranty is caused by wilful misconduct or fraud by AMSC. For breach of any other warranty  AMSC may  subject to certain customary limitations  be held liable up to an amount of USD 40 million for a period of 12 months following completion of the Transaction.Completion of the Transaction is expected to occur on or before October 31  2023. In the event completion has not occurred within December 22  2023  each party has a right to terminate the SPA  and accordingly abandon the Transaction  provided that the party wanting to terminate has not caused the delay  and further provided that the parties have discussed in good faith a potential extension of the said deadline prior to such termination.As security for any claims under the SPA  AMSC has undertaken  for a period of 12 months following completion of the Transaction  to maintain a minimum equity of USD 45 million.In respect of the Senior Unsecured USD 220 000 000 Callable Bond Issue 2020/2025 (ISIN NO 0010886328)  issued by American Tanker  Inc.  a fully owned subsidiary of ATHC  the intention is to call for a bondholder meeting to seek bondholders' approval for certain amendments to the bond terms.AMSC going forwardFollowing closing of the Transaction  the board of directors of AMSC intends to resolve paying an additional dividend of USD 170 million. The expected additional dividend equates to about NOK 25.1 per share assuming a NOK/USD exchange rate of 10.6. AMSC will retain the remaining cash proceeds from the Transaction to be used for general corporate purposes and equity for future investments in new projects.AMSC will continue to own the Normand Maximus on bareboat contract to a single purpose subsidiary of Solstad Offshore. This business unit generates an annual EBITDA of about USD 30 million and provides significant dividend capacity.AMSC will remain as a public company with shares listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange and continue to grow within the maritime ship owning and ship leasing market. Aker will remain as a key shareholder  and the existing management and board of directors will continue as is.AMSC will continue to seek attractive risk/reward projects offering flexible solutions to operators in the shipping and offshore markets  targeting medium term contracts with extension optionality  and preferably participating in future upside through profit sharing mechanisms.AMSC will continue to pay quarterly attractive dividends.Company ContactsPål Lothe Magnussen  +47 90 54 59 59  pm@amscasa.comAbout AMSCEstablished in 2005 and listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker AMSC)  AMSC is a ship owning company with nine modern handy size product tankers  one modern handy size shuttle tanker and one subsea construction vessel on bareboat charters with various counterparties. AMSC has a significant contract backlog  as well as profit sharing agreements  which offers visibility with respect to future earnings and potential dividend capacity. Following completion of the Transaction  the only remaining vessel of the group will be the subsea construction vessel Normand Maximus  which is chartered to a single purpose subsidiary of Solstad Offshore ASA.AMSC's ambition to pay attractive dividends to its shareholders remains after completion of the Transaction. Further information is available at www.amscasa.com.This information is considered to include inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 7 and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This stock exchange announcement was published by Morten Bakke  CFO  AMSC ASA  on August 22  2023 at 08:32 CET.This communication is not an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  any securities  or the solicitation of a proxy  in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to whom  such offer  sale or solicitation is not authorized or would be unlawful.SOURCE AMSC ASA",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.24,0.27,True,English,"['U.S. JONES ACT ACTIVITIES', 'AMSC ASA', 'FUND MANAGED', 'MARITIME PARTNERS', 'SALE', 'THE', 'U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'U.S. Jones Act market', 'strong bareboat charter contract cover', 'other non-material planned capex items', 'leading Jones Act leasing company', 'Pål Lothe Magnussen', 'long remaining commercial life', 'current implied trading value', 'year end 2022 book equity', 'American Tanker Holding Company', 'Project Merchant Acquisition LLC', 'Jones Act business', '2.4x book equity', 'ASC Leasing I', 'ASC Leasing V', 'ASC Leasing X', 'ideal new owner', 'American Shipping Corporation', 'W&I insurance', 'significant financial profits', '15 year special survey', 'MR tanker vessels', 'material adverse event', 'Aker Capital AS', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'share purchase agreement', 'gross cash proceeds', 'strong market', 'AMSC general meeting', 'enterprise value', 'other warranty', 'PM Acquisition', 'capital allocation', 'ten vessels', 'financial position', 'joint announcement', 'Maritime Partners', 'management team', 'next phase', 'good opportunity', 'natural step', 'Key terms', 'related activities', 'shareholder loan', 'balance sheet', 'P/E ratio', 'purchase price', 'Seakay Star', 'Seakay Valor', 'second quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'first quarter', '2/3 majority', 'Norwegian Code', 'Corporate Governance', 'second half', 'customary conditions', 'customary representations', 'tax matters', 'wilful misconduct', 'customary limitations', 'material breach', 'AMSC ASA', 'ownership tenure', 'ownership interests', 'main shareholders', 'owned subsidiary', 'waiting period', 'voting rights', 'fundamental warranties', 'AMSC group', 'respective shares', 'AMSC shareholders', 'LYSAKER', 'Norway', 'Aug.', 'Reference', 'signing', 'SPA', 'ATHC', 'Transaction', 'CEO', 'lifecycle', 'assets', 'years', 'ships', 'fleet', 'combination', 'point', 'strategy', 'process', 'Inc', 'aggregate', 'consideration', 'repayment', 'March', 'premium', 'EV/EBITDA', 'deviation', 'completion', 'approval', 'less', 'votes', 'line', 'recommendation', 'section', 'Practice', 'Notice', 'EGM', 'August', 'September', 'fulfilment', 'expiry', 'termination', 'absence', 'favor', 'subsidiaries', 'obligations', 'operations', 'date', 'Buyer', 'connection', 'fraud', 'amount', '12 months', '9.']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,prnewswire.co.uk
29270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729132/0/en/Virtualware-nominated-for-2023-Outstanding-VR-Company-of-the-Year.html,Virtualware nominated for 2023 Outstanding VR Company of the Year,Bilbao  August 22  2023. – The Academy of International Extended Reality (AIXR) has announced the finalists for the 7th International VR Awards  naming Virtualware finalist for “Outstanding VR company of the Year”.,Bilbao  August 22  2023. – The Academy of International Extended Reality (AIXR) has announced the finalists for the 7th International VR Awards  naming Virtualware finalist for “Outstanding VR company of the Year”.The awards ceremony will take place on November 30  2023 in Rotterdam  Netherlands at Immersive Tech Week  in a magic night to remember and showcase the incredible leaps and bounds in VR development across the globe.The year 2023 has unfolded as a testament to the Virtualware´s relentless pursuit of excellence  culminating in its nomination for a prestigious VR Awards. This recognition stands as a testament to Virtualware's commitment to pushing the boundaries of virtual reality technology.Some of the significant accomplishments this year have been Virtualware's successful listing on Euronext Access Paris on April 20  2023  the fulfilment of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001 Certification for both Virtualware and its proprietary VR platform VIROO  and the latest improvements of VIROO including AR and VR cave new capabilities among others.Furthermore  throughout the year  the VR company has participated at globally significant technology events  solidifying its reputation as a frontrunner in the industry. These include appearances at I/ITSEC  VRARA Immerse Summit  AWE USA  NATO Modelling & Simulation Group Annual Symposium  the World Federation of Colleges and Polytechnics  European Defence Innovation Days  International Training Technology Exhibition & Conference (IT²EC)  Mobile Word Congress  and Collision affirming Virtualware's impact on a global scale.Virtualware's impact extended to its VIROO VR platform  which welcomed new users across diverse industry sectors throughout the year. Among them were Ontario Power Generation  a prominent clean power generator in North America; Gestamp  a key player in the European automotive industry; Janssen  a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson; Invest WindsorEssex  a pivotal economic development organization; and El Salvador University  a venerable educational institution  IWE  and Mc Master University. Notably  Virtualware solidified its position as a global leader in virtual reality applied to nuclear energy  intensifying its support for multinational General Electric Hitachi Nuclear Energy across multiple locations.“In 2019 VIROO gained in product of the Year category  two years later (2021) we were awarded as the Best Innovative VR company of the Year  and now it is an absolute honor to be nominated by the industry professionals as the Oustanding VR company of year. This means a valuable recognition for our continuous work to set the standard for the industry  redefining the boundaries of possibility.” declares Unai Extremo  Virtualware CEO & Founder.Through 2023 Virtualware’s journey has showcased exceptional accomplishments that underscore its leadership in the realm of virtual reality. The nomination for this distinguished VR Award is a testament to the company's unwavering commitment to innovation  excellence  and global impact.Virtualware’s flagship product VIROO  the world's pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies and institutions of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.VIROO is already used by more than 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technological University  McMaster University and EAN University. The enterprise VR platform has been the backbone to develop strategic projects for defense ministries  critical infrastructure training projects  and innovative educational programs.VIROO aims to become the standard for developing industrial end educational Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Founded in 2004  Virtualware is one of the pioneering corporations in the European Virtual Reality industry applied to the industrial  educational and healthcare sectors. Its team of more than 50 people has developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It has its headquarters in Bilbao  Spain  and its North American headquarters in Hamilton (Canada).This document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.,neutral,0.4,0.59,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.3,0.3,True,English,"['2023 Outstanding VR Company', 'Virtualware', 'Year', 'multinational General Electric Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'industrial end educational Virtual Reality applications', 'El Retoño Technological University', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'prominent clean power generator', 'International Training Technology Exhibition', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'European Defence Innovation Days', 'pivotal economic development organization', '7th International VR Awards', 'European Virtual Reality industry', 'Best Innovative VR company', 'El Salvador University', 'innovative educational programs', 'virtual reality technology', 'International Extended Reality', 'venerable educational institution', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'Immersive Tech Week', 'Euronext Access Paris', 'VRARA Immerse Summit', 'Group Annual Symposium', 'Mobile Word Congress', 'European automotive industry', 'Mc Master University', 'significant technology events', 'prestigious VR Awards', 'distinguished VR Award', 'cave new capabilities', 'proprietary VR platform', 'enterprise VR platform', 'Outstanding VR company', 'Oustanding VR company', 'one digital solution', 'industrial, educational', 'North American headquarters', 'diverse industry sectors', 'VIROO VR platform', 'flagship product VIROO', 'International Organization', 'VR development', 'awards ceremony', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'VRaaS) platform', 'significant accomplishments', 'new users', 'industry professionals', 'strategic projects', 'The Academy', 'magic night', 'incredible leaps', 'relentless pursuit', 'successful listing', 'latest improvements', 'AWE USA', 'NATO Modelling', 'IT²EC', 'global scale', 'key player', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'global leader', 'multiple locations', 'absolute honor', 'continuous work', 'Unai Extremo', 'exceptional accomplishments', 'Spanish Ministry', 'healthcare sectors', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'S.A.', 'World Federation', 'valuable recognition', 'unwavering commitment', 'defense ministries', 'pioneering corporations', 'global impact', 'information purposes', 'Virtualware finalist', 'Virtualware CEO', 'Year category', '500 projects', 'Bilbao', 'August', 'AIXR', 'finalists', 'place', 'November', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', 'bounds', 'globe', 'testament', 'excellence', 'nomination', 'boundaries', 'April', 'fulfilment', 'Standardization', 'ISO', '27001 Certification', 'others', 'reputation', 'frontrunner', 'appearances', 'I/ITSEC', 'Simulation', 'Colleges', 'Polytechnics', 'Conference', 'Collision', 'Gestamp', 'Janssen', 'subsidiary', 'Johnson', 'IWE', 'position', 'support', 'possibility', 'Founder', 'journey', 'leadership', 'realm', 'Service', 'companies', 'institutions', 'sizes', 'deployment', 'ADIF', 'backbone', 'team', '50 people', '33 countries', 'Spain', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'document', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'decision', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'changes', 'modifications', 'statements', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'projections', '2023']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29271,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRTUALWARE-S-A-153642747/news/Virtualware-nominated-for-2023-Outstanding-VR-Company-of-the-Year-44665473/,Virtualware nominated for 2023 Outstanding VR Company of the Year,(marketscreener.com) Bilbao  August 22  2023. – The Academy of International Extended Reality has announced the finalists for the 7th International VR Awards  naming Virtualware finalist for “Outstanding VR company of the Year”. The awards ceremony will take …,Bilbao  August22  2023. – The Academy of International Extended Reality (AIXR) has announced the finalists for the 7th International VR Awards  naming Virtualware finalist for “Outstanding VR company of the Year”.The awards ceremony will take place on November 30  2023 in Rotterdam  Netherlands at Immersive Tech Week  in a magic night to remember and showcase the incredible leaps and bounds in VR development across the globe.The year 2023 has unfolded as a testament to the Virtualware´s relentless pursuit of excellence  culminating in its nomination for a prestigious VR Awards. This recognition stands as a testament to Virtualware's commitment to pushing the boundaries of virtual reality technology.Some of the significant accomplishments this year have been Virtualware's successful listing on Euronext Access Paris on April 20  2023  the fulfilment of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001 Certification for both Virtualware and its proprietary VR platform VIROO  and the latest improvements of VIROO including AR and VR cave new capabilities among others.Furthermore  throughout the year  the VR company has participated at globally significant technology events  solidifying its reputation as a frontrunner in the industry. These include appearances at I/ITSEC  VRARA Immerse Summit  AWE USA  NATO Modelling & Simulation Group Annual Symposium  the World Federation of Colleges and Polytechnics  European Defence Innovation Days  International Training Technology Exhibition & Conference (IT²EC)  Mobile Word Congress  and Collision affirming Virtualware's impact on a global scale.Virtualware's impact extended to its VIROO VR platform  which welcomed new users across diverse industry sectors throughout the year. Among them were Ontario Power Generation  a prominent clean power generator in North America; Gestamp  a key player in the European automotive industry; Janssen  a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson; Invest WindsorEssex  a pivotal economic development organization; and El Salvador University  a venerable educational institution  IWE  and Mc Master University. Notably  Virtualware solidified its position as a global leader in virtual reality applied to nuclear energy  intensifying its support for multinational General Electric Hitachi Nuclear Energy across multiple locations.“In 2019 VIROO gained in product of the Year category  two years later (2021) we were awarded as the Best Innovative VR company of the Year  and now it is an absolute honor to be nominated by the industry professionals as the Oustanding VR company of year. This means a valuable recognition for our continuous work to set the standard for the industry  redefining the boundaries of possibility.” declares Unai Extremo  Virtualware CEO & Founder.Through 2023 Virtualware’s journey has showcased exceptional accomplishments that underscore its leadership in the realm of virtual reality. The nomination for this distinguished VR Award is a testament to the company's unwavering commitment to innovation  excellence  and global impact.Virtualware’s flagship product VIROO  the world's pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies and institutions of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.VIROO is already used by more than 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technological University  McMaster University and EAN University. The enterprise VR platform has been the backbone to develop strategic projects for defense ministries  critical infrastructure training projects  and innovative educational programs.VIROO aims to become the standard for developing industrial end educational Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Founded in 2004  Virtualware is one of the pioneering corporations in the European Virtual Reality industry applied to the industrial  educational and healthcare sectors. Its team of more than 50 people has developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It has its headquarters in Bilbao  Spain  and its North American headquarters in Hamilton (Canada).This document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.,neutral,0.4,0.59,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.32,0.28,True,English,"['2023 Outstanding VR Company', 'Virtualware', 'Year', 'multinational General Electric Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'industrial end educational Virtual Reality applications', 'El Retoño Technological University', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'prominent clean power generator', 'International Training Technology Exhibition', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'European Defence Innovation Days', 'pivotal economic development organization', '7th International VR Awards', 'European Virtual Reality industry', 'Best Innovative VR company', 'El Salvador University', 'innovative educational programs', 'virtual reality technology', 'International Extended Reality', 'venerable educational institution', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'Immersive Tech Week', 'Euronext Access Paris', 'VRARA Immerse Summit', 'Group Annual Symposium', 'Mobile Word Congress', 'European automotive industry', 'Mc Master University', 'significant technology events', 'prestigious VR Awards', 'distinguished VR Award', 'cave new capabilities', 'proprietary VR platform', 'enterprise VR platform', 'Outstanding VR company', 'Oustanding VR company', 'one digital solution', 'industrial, educational', 'North American headquarters', 'diverse industry sectors', 'VIROO VR platform', 'flagship product VIROO', 'International Organization', 'VR development', 'awards ceremony', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'VRaaS) platform', 'significant accomplishments', 'new users', 'industry professionals', 'strategic projects', 'The Academy', 'magic night', 'incredible leaps', 'relentless pursuit', 'successful listing', 'latest improvements', 'AWE USA', 'NATO Modelling', 'IT²EC', 'global scale', 'key player', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'global leader', 'multiple locations', 'absolute honor', 'continuous work', 'Unai Extremo', 'exceptional accomplishments', 'Spanish Ministry', 'healthcare sectors', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'S.A.', 'World Federation', 'valuable recognition', 'unwavering commitment', 'defense ministries', 'pioneering corporations', 'global impact', 'information purposes', 'Virtualware finalist', 'Virtualware CEO', 'Year category', '500 projects', 'Bilbao', 'August22', 'AIXR', 'finalists', 'place', 'November', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', 'bounds', 'globe', 'testament', 'excellence', 'nomination', 'boundaries', 'April', 'fulfilment', 'Standardization', 'ISO', '27001 Certification', 'others', 'reputation', 'frontrunner', 'appearances', 'I/ITSEC', 'Simulation', 'Colleges', 'Polytechnics', 'Conference', 'Collision', 'Gestamp', 'Janssen', 'subsidiary', 'Johnson', 'IWE', 'position', 'support', 'possibility', 'Founder', 'journey', 'leadership', 'realm', 'Service', 'companies', 'institutions', 'sizes', 'deployment', 'ADIF', 'backbone', 'team', '50 people', '33 countries', 'Spain', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'document', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'decision', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'changes', 'modifications', 'statements', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'projections', '2023']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29272,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRBAC-5234/news/Virbac-launches-a-share-buyback-program-44671297/,Virbac launches a share buyback program,(marketscreener.com) Following the decision of the board of directors on June 19  2023 and its approval by the shareholder’s meeting  we are going to buy back 100 000 of our own shares . Main objective: to decrease the company's share capital by canceling tre…,Following the decision of the board of directors on June 19  2023 and its approval by the shareholder’s meeting  we are going to buy back 100 000 of our own shares (less than 1.25% of the capital). Main objective: to decrease the company's share capital by canceling treasury shares purchased.Description of the 2023-2024 share buyback programIn accordance with the provisions of article 5 of regulation (EU) n°. 596/2014  article 2 of delegated regulation (EU) 2016/1052 and article 241-2 of the AMF general regulation  and of articles L. 225-209 and following of the French commercial code  the purpose of this document is to describe the aim and modalities of the program to buy back its own shares initiated by our company.This program was decided by the board of directors on June 19  2023  subject to the delegation granted by the shareholder’s meeting on June 20  2023 in accordance with the provisions of article L 22-10-62 of the French commercial code in the terms published in the context of the prior notice published in Balo n°57 of May 12  2023 and which has the following characteristics.Objectives of the share buyback program as authorized by the shareholder’s meetingEnsure liquidity or support the market price via an independent investment services provider pursuant to a liquidity agreement in accordance with a code of ethics recognized by the French financial markets authority.Proceed with the allocation of performance-related stock grants under the provisions of articles L225-197-1 et seq. of the French commercial code.Reduce the company’s share capital by canceling all or part of the shares purchased.Maximum limits of the program as set by the shareholder’s meetingNature of shares: ordinary shares.Maximum of the company’s share capital: 10%.Maximum number of shares: 845 800. It should be noted that in the event of a capital increase through incorporation of reserves and allocation of performance-related stock grants  a share split or reverse shares split  this amount will be adjusted by a multiplier equal to the ratio between the number of shares in the share capital prior to the transaction and the number after the transaction.Maximum purchase price per share: €1 000.The maximum amount allocated to the implementation of the buyback program is set at 829 587 000 euros.Duration of the authorization granted by the shareholder’s meetingEighteen months from the date of the shareholder’s meeting.Implementation of the program under a liquidity agreementThe liquidity agreement entered into with Exane on February 26  2019 is currently suspended until the end of December 2023.Implementation of the share buyback program with a view to reducing capital by canceling sharesVirbac's board of directors will appoint an investment services provider to implement the share buyback program  with a view to reducing capital  as authorized by the shareholder’s meeting and according to the delegation granted by the shareholder’s meeting. The term of this mandate will expire on September 30  2024.The terms of the mandate will relate to a maximum volume of 100 000 Virbac shares (representing less than 1.25% of the company's capital as of December 31  2022) for a unit purchase price not exceeding €270 and a total volume of buyback therefore not exceeding €27 000 000.Shares redeemed under this mandate will be fully canceled by our company.Details of the resolutions governing this share buyback and cancellation program are available in our annual report (resolutions 21 and 22 on page 240  241 and 242 of the 2022 annual report)  which is itself available on our company's website.Always working for animal healthAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  breeders and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services makes it possible to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and together shaping the future of animal health.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A – ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs department: tel. +33 4 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Virbac', 'French financial markets authority', 'independent investment services provider', '2023-2024 share buyback program', 'Financial Affairs department', 'performance-related stock grants', 'unit purchase price', 'French commercial code', 'AMF general regulation', 'Maximum purchase price', 'market price', 'ISIN code', 'share split', 'cancellation program', 'Main objective', 'prior notice', 'following characteristics', 'Maximum limits', 'maximum volume', 'total volume', 'annual report', 'animal health', 'innovative solutions', 'animal owners', 'Euronext Paris', 'subfund A', 'share capital', 'liquidity agreement', 'capital increase', 'maximum amount', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'Maximum number', 'reverse shares', 'article L', '100,000 Virbac shares', 'decision', 'board', 'directors', 'June', 'approval', 'shareholder', 'meeting', 'company', 'Description', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'delegated', 'articles', 'purpose', 'document', 'aim', 'modalities', 'delegation', 'terms', 'context', 'Balo', 'May', 'Objectives', 'ethics', 'allocation', 'Nature', 'event', 'reserves', 'multiplier', 'ratio', 'transaction', 'implementation', '829,587,000 euros', 'authorization', 'date', 'Exane', 'February', 'December', 'view', 'September', 'less', 'Details', 'resolutions', 'page', 'website', 'veterinarians', 'breeders', '100 countries', 'world', '50 species', 'range', 'products', 'majority', 'pathologies', 'quality', 'life', 'animals', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel', 'email', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29273,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-44665291/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -Yesterday at 01:31 am,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6836 £ 23.6929 Estimated MTD return 1.29 % 1.38 % Estimated YTD return -3.91 % -3.00 % Estimated ITD return 166.84 % 136.93 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -12.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.48 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0648 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5654The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', '01:31', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29274,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-44665290/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -Yesterday at 01:31 am,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6836 £ 23.6929 Estimated MTD return 1.29 % 1.38 % Estimated YTD return -3.91 % -3.00 % Estimated ITD return 166.84 % 136.93 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -12.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.48 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0648 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5654The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', '01:31', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29275,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-receives-a-record-8-Grand-Awards-in-2023-APEX-Awards-44671166/,Wolters Kluwer receives a record 8 Grand Awards in 2023 APEX Awards,(marketscreener.com) 15 Wolters Kluwer Lippincott journals titles take home 28 total honorshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-receives-a-record-8-Grand-Awards-in-2023-APEX-Awards-44671166/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_…,15 Wolters Kluwer Lippincott journals titles take home 28 total honorsWolters Kluwer Health today announced that 15 of its Lippincott healthcare titles received 28 wins in the 35th annual Awards for Publication Excellence (APEX) Competition. Seven of these titles received the prestigious Grand Awards including PRS Global Open  Neurology Today  Nurse Educator  The Nurse Practitioner  American Journal of Nursing  Nursing Management  and Emergency Medicine News.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230822904058/en/Wolters Kluwer Health's Lippincott journals received 28 wins in the 35th annual Awards for Publication Excellence (APEX) Competition (Graphic: Business Wire)An industry tradition since 1988  the honors are awarded based on excellence in editorial content  graphic design  and overall communications  recognizing extraordinary work by professional communicators. For the 2023 program more than 1 100 nominations were received and only 100 Grand Award Winners were selected. Grand Awards honor outstanding works in each main category  while Awards of Excellence recognize exceptional entries in each of the individual sub-categories.“We are honored for APEX to recognize the outstanding editorial work in our print  online  and social media ” said Jennifer Brogan  Vice President  Global Journal Publishing & Society Solutions at Wolters Kluwer Health Learning  Research & Practice. “Our publishing and editorial teams  together with our society partners  are committed to delivering the most accurate and timely information to healthcare professionals whenever and wherever they need it require.”Wolters Kluwer’s awards include:Grand AwardsPRS Global Open: Public Health Concerns | “ Covid-19 Collection ”Public Health Concerns | “ ” Neurology Today : Magazines  Journals & Tabloids | “Neurology’s Call to Action – The Ukrainian War” “ Dispatches from Ukrainian Neurologists: A Plea for Medicines and Peace ” “ Epileptologists Unite Across the Globe to Aid Ukraine ” “ Neurologists Volunteer Telemedicine Services to Ukrainians in Need ” “ ‘These Are People Who Have Worth’: Reports from Ukraine on the Crisis for People with Developmental Disabilities ”: Magazines  Journals & Tabloids | “Neurology’s Call to Action – The Ukrainian War” Nurse Educator : Print Media | “ Connecting Nursing Students and Older Adults: An Intergenerational Service-Learning Experience ”: Print Media | “ ” The Nurse Practitioner : Print Media | “ Underserved Populations ”: Print Media | “ ” American Journal of Nursing: Social Media – Blog | “ ER Nurse Who Called 911 for Backup: ‘What Are We Afraid Of? ’”Social Media – Blog | “ ’” Nursing Management : Campaigns  Programs & Plans | “ Great Dedication (#WhyIStay) ”: Campaigns  Programs & Plans | “ ” Emergency Medicine News : Writing | “ Why I’m Leaving Emergency Medicine ”: Writing | “ ” American Journal of Nursing: Writing | “ Night Shift ”Awards of ExcellenceAmerican Journal of Nursing: Public Health Concerns – Health & Medical | “ What COVID-19 Can Teach Nurses About Liability Risks ”Public Health Concerns – Health & Medical | “ ” Nursing Management : Public Health Concerns – Health & Medical | “ Caring for COVID’s Emotional Long Haulers ”: Public Health Concerns – Health & Medical | “ ” Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery : Public Health Concerns – Government/Association/Non-Profit | “ Clinical and Oncologic Safety in Modern Breast Reconstruction ”: Public Health Concerns – Government/Association/Non-Profit | “ ” Nurse Educator : Print Media – Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion | “ Cultural Humility Toolkit ”: Print Media – Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion | “ ” Journal of the American Academy of PAs : Print Media – Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion | “ Structural Racism  Health Disparities  and Opportunities for PA Practice ”: Print Media – Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion | “ ” PRS GO : Electronic Media – Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion | “ Black History Month Collection ”: Electronic Media – Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion | “ ” PRS GO : Electronic Media – Apps & Podcasts | “ Keynotes Podcast ”: Electronic Media – Apps & Podcasts | “ ” American Journal of Nursing : Social Media – Blog Content | “ Off the Charts ”: Social Media – Blog Content | “ ” Brain&Life : Writing – Feature Writing | “ United Front ”: Writing – Feature Writing | “ ” American Journal of Nursing : Writing – News Writing | “ AJN Reports: Diabetes Self-Management in the Acute Care Unit ”: Writing – News Writing | “ ” Oncology Times : Writing – News Writing | “ The Incredible Story of Emily Whitehead & CAR T-Cell Therapy ”: Writing – News Writing | “ ” The Hearing Journal : Writing – Regular Departments & Columns | “Clinical Consultation Department” “ Symptom: Pulsatile Tinnitus ” “ Symptom: Pulsatile Mass in the Ear Canal ” “ Symptoms: Middle Ear Effusion and Eustachian Tube Dysfunction ”: Writing – Regular Departments & Columns | “Clinical Consultation Department” Nursing made Incredibly Easy!: Writing – Regular Departments & Columns | “Wellness Mention Department Series: Student Health” “ Student Health: Clinical success ” “ Student Health: The nursing process ” “ Student Health: Your pathway to NCLEX success ”Writing – Regular Departments & Columns | “Wellness Mention Department Series: Student Health” Nurse Educator : Writing – Editorial & Advocacy Writing | “ Adopting Evidence-Based Educational Approaches in Nursing: Using Implementation Science ”: Writing – Editorial & Advocacy Writing | “ ” Nurse Educator : Writing – Diversity  Equity & Inclusion | “ Promoting Inclusion of Disabled Nursing Faculty ”: Writing – Diversity  Equity & Inclusion | “ ” Nursing2022 : Writing – Diversity  Equity & Inclusion | “ Suicide risk and prevention in LGBTQ+ youth ”: Writing – Diversity  Equity & Inclusion | “ ” ASA Monitor : Writing – Writing Series | “Weaponizing Reporting in Medicine” “ Weaponized Reporting in Medicine ” “ ‘Can't We All Just Get Along?’: Professionalism  Behavioral Incident Reports  and Culture Clash in Medicine ” “ Redesigned Incident Reporting Systems for Patient Safety ”: Writing – Writing Series | “Weaponizing Reporting in Medicine” American Journal of Nursing : Writing – Writing Series | “ Supporting Family Caregivers: No Longer Home Alone”: Writing – Writing Series | “ Nursing2022 : Writing – Mental Health/Mental Illness | “ Destigmatizing Alcohol Use Disorder Among Nurses ”: Writing – Mental Health/Mental Illness | “ ” Nurse Educator: Writing – New Technology | “ Mask Ed: Let’s Get Real with Simulation ”Wolters Kluwer Health provides trusted clinical technology and evidence-based solutions that engage clinicians  patients  researchers and students in effective decision-making and outcomes across healthcare. The division of Wolters Kluwer supports clinical effectiveness  learning and research  clinical surveillance and compliance  as well as data solutions.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.For more information about our solutions  visit https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/health and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @WKHealthView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230822904058/en/,neutral,0.35,0.64,0.01,positive,0.66,0.33,0.02,True,English,"['record 8 Grand Awards', '2023 APEX Awards', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Wolters Kluwer Lippincott journals titles', 'Neurologists Volunteer Telemedicine Services', 'Black History Month Collection', 'Wolters Kluwer Health Learning', 'Intergenerational Service-Learning Experience', 'Emotional Long Haulers', 'Modern Breast Reconstruction', 'Cultural Humility Toolkit', 'Acute Care Unit', 'CAR T-Cell Therapy', 'Eustachian Tube Dysfunction', 'Lippincott healthcare titles', 'PRS Global Open', '100 Grand Award Winners', 'Public Health Concerns', 'Middle Ear Effusion', 'Clinical Consultation Department', 'The Ukrainian War', '35th annual Awards', 'The Nurse Practitioner', 'The Hearing Journal', 'Emergency Medicine News', 'prestigious Grand Awards', 'Connecting Nursing Students', 'outstanding editorial work', 'Global Journal Publishing', 'Excellence American Journal', 'Ukrainian Neurologists', 'Covid-19 Collection', 'extraordinary work', 'outstanding works', 'healthcare professionals', 'Health Disparities', 'PRS GO', 'Ear Canal', 'Nurse Educator', 'editorial content', 'editorial teams', 'ER Nurse', 'American Academy', 'press release', 'full release', 'Business Wire', 'industry tradition', 'overall communications', 'professional communicators', 'main category', 'exceptional entries', 'individual sub-categories', 'social media', 'Jennifer Brogan', 'Vice President', 'Society Solutions', 'society partners', 'timely information', 'Developmental Disabilities', 'Print Media', 'Older Adults', 'Underserved Populations', 'Great Dedication', 'Night Shift', 'Liability Risks', 'Reconstructive Surgery', 'Oncologic Safety', 'Structural Racism', 'Electronic Media', 'Keynotes Podcast', 'Brain&Life', 'United Front', 'Diabetes Self-Management', 'Oncology Times', 'Incredible Story', 'Emily Whitehead', 'Regular Departments', 'Pulsatile Tinnitus', 'Pulsatile Mass', 'Publication Excellence', 'APEX) Competition', 'News Writing', '28 total honors', 'graphic design', 'PA Practice', 'Blog Content', 'AJN Reports', 'Nursing Management', 'Feature Writing', 'Neurology Today', 'home', '28 wins', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', '2023 program', '1,100 nominations', 'online', 'Research', 'accurate', 'Magazines', 'Tabloids', 'Call', 'Action', 'Dispatches', 'Plea', 'Medicines', 'Peace', 'Epileptologists', 'Globe', 'Ukraine', 'Ukrainians', 'Need', 'People', 'Crisis', 'Backup', 'Campaigns', 'Programs', 'Plans', 'Medical', 'Nurses', 'Plastic', 'Government/Association/Non-Profit', 'Diversity', 'Equity', 'Inclusion', 'PAs', 'Opportunities', 'Apps', 'Podcasts', 'Charts', 'Columns', 'Symptom', '15']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29276,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729124/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6836 £ 23.6929 Estimated MTD return 1.29 % 1.38 % Estimated YTD return -3.91 % -3.00 % Estimated ITD return 166.84 % 136.93 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -12.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.48 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0648 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5654The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29277,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/22/2729123/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6836 £ 23.6929 Estimated MTD return 1.29 % 1.38 % Estimated YTD return -3.91 % -3.00 % Estimated ITD return 166.84 % 136.93 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -12.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.48 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0648 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5654The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,globenewswire.com
29278,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-and-IRLAB-enter-exclusive-worldwide-licensing-agreement-aimed-to-improve-the-lives-of-people-44670777/,Ipsen : and IRLAB enter exclusive worldwide licensing agreement aimed to improve the lives of people living with Parkinson's disease -Yesterday at 11:02 am,(marketscreener.com)   Ipsen obtains the exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize the investigational treatment mesdopetam which is based on a novel mechanism of action   Mesdopetam  an oral dopamine D3-receptor antagonist  has completed P…,"Ipsen obtains the exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize the investigational treatment mesdopetam which is based on a novel mechanism of actionMesdopetam  an oral dopamine D3-receptor antagonist  has completed Phase Ib and IIa clinical programs which showed promising improvements for people living with Parkinson's disease experiencing levodopa-induced dyskinesia (LID) in clinically relevant endpointsIRLAB will continue to be responsible for the ongoing Phase IIb trial. i Ipsen will initiate Phase III preparatory activities  and is responsible for all remaining clinical development and worldwide commercializationIpsen will initiate Phase III preparatory activities  and is responsible for all remaining clinical development and worldwide commercialization IRLAB is eligible to receive up to $363m  including a $28m upfront payment and up to $335m in potential development  regulatory and sales-based milestones  plus tiered low double-digit royalties on worldwide net salesPARIS  FRANCE and GOTHENBURG  SWEDEN  15 July 2021 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) and IRLAB (Nasdaq Stockholm; IRLAB A) today announced the signing of a licensing agreement  providing Ipsen exclusive worldwide development and commercial rights to mesdopetam  a novel dopamine D3-receptor antagonist. Mesdopetam is being assessed in Phase IIb clinical trials as a potential treatment option for people living with Parkinson's disease (PD) experiencing levodopa-induced dyskinesia (LID). It is estimated that approximately 40-50 percent of people living with PD will experience LID after five years of initiating dopamine replacement therapy. LID currently has limited treatment options.ii iii iv Mesdopetam is also in early development for Parkinson's Disease Psychosis (PDP)  which is a common symptom of PD; around 50 percent of people with PD eventually develop such symptoms over the course of their disease.vPD is a common  progressive neurodegenerative condition affecting more than 10 million people worldwide.vi PD affects nerve cells in the brain that control movement and affects patients differently; the most common motor symptoms however are tremor  muscle rigidity and slowness of movement. People living with PD also experience other problems not related to movement including anxiety  pain and depression.vii Symptoms of PD are most commonly managed by medicines  such as levodopa that aim to compensate for the loss of dopaminergic neurons. A common side effect of levodopa is dyskinesia  involuntary and erratic movements of the face  arms  legs or trunk.viii For many people  dyskinesias can be so severe that they interfere with normal functioning.ix Mesdopetam has also shown antipsychotic properties in preclinical studies.Dr Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development  Ipsen  said ""We are excited to enter this licensing agreement with IRLAB. By working in partnership  we aim to bring investigational mesdopetam to people living with Parkinson's disease experiencing levodopa-induced dyskinesia. We are delighted to strengthen our pipeline and deepen our commitment to the neuroscience community around the world  including to patients living with this debilitating neurodegenerative disorder.""Dr Nicholas Waters  CEO of IRLAB  said ""We believe in the potential of investigational mesdopetam for people with Parkinson's disease experiencing dyskinesia or psychosis. We have purposefully worked to find a partner to pursue the late-stage clinical development of mesdopetam to commercialization and launch on a global market. Ipsen shares the broad vision for mesdopetam and the commitment to people with neurological disorders. We are very excited to enter the final steps of the journey to market in collaboration with Ipsen. Additionally  we are proud of the accomplishment this important collaboration represents. The agreement and partnership with Ipsen is a validation of our proprietary discovery platform  ISP  and our drug development efforts. This deal is one of the larger deals struck in the Swedish biotech space in decades  which is a merit for all of us at IRLAB and to those who have supported the mesdopetam project to reach this milestone.""Under the terms of the agreement  IRLAB will be eligible to receive up to $363m  including an upfront cash payment of $28m and up to $335m in development  regulatory and commercial milestones. IRLAB is also eligible to receive tiered low double-digit royalties on worldwide net sales of mesdopetam. The transaction does not impact Ipsen's financial guidance for 2021.This information is information that IRLAB is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  at 15 July 2021  17:45 CET.ENDSAbout mesdopetamMesdopetam (IRL790) is a dopamine D3-receptor antagonist being developed to prevent and treat levodopa-induced dyskinesias (LIDs)  a severe form of troublesome involuntary movements commonly occurring in Parkinson's disease (PD). Mesdopetam is also in development for the treatment of psychosis in Parkinson's (PDP). In clinical studies  mesdopetam reduces time spent with troublesome dyskinesia and thereby increases daily 'good ON-time' in patients with Parkinson's. Preclinical studies show that mesdopetam is a potent and efficacious antidyskinetic  and that mesdopetam also has the potential to prevent the development of dyskinesia. In addition  mesdopetam has shown antipsychotic properties in preclinical studies.About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience; it also has a well-established Consumer Healthcare business. With Total Sales of over €2.5bn in FY 2020  Ipsen sells more than 20 medicines in over 115 countries  with a direct commercial presence in more than 30 countries. The Company's research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has c.5 700 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.About IRLABIRLAB is a Swedish research and development company that focuses on developing novel treatments in Parkinson's disease. The company's most advanced candidates  mesdopetam (IRL790) and pirepemat (IRL752)  have completed Phase IIa studies and are designed to treat some of the most difficult symptoms related to Parkinson's disease: involuntary movements (PD-LIDs)  psychosis (PDP) and symptoms linked to cognitive decline such as impaired balance and increased risk of falls (PD-Falls). Through the proprietary research platform  ISP (the Integrative Screening Process)  IRLAB discovers and develops unique drug candidates for central nervous system (CNS)-related disorders where large and growing medical needs exist. In addition to the clinical candidates  the ISP platform has also generated several CNS programs that are now in preclinical phase. IRLAB is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Main Market. More information on www.irlab.se.Ipsen's Forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on the Group's management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect the Group's future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ""believes""  ""anticipates"" and ""expects"" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including the Group's expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by the Group. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising product in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. The Group must face or might face competition from generic products that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the Research and Development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that the Group may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a product in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  the Group cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during pre-clinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the product concerned. There can be no guarantees a product will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the product will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances  new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development  including obtaining regulatory approval; the Group's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the Group's patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. The Group also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its products which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to the Group's activities and financial results. The Group cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of the Group's partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on the Group's business  financial position or performance. The Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. The Group's business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to the Group's 2020 Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.Ipsen's contacts Investors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 7584 349 193 Adrien Dupin de Saint-CyrInvestor Relations Manager+33 6 64 26 17 49 Media Jess SmithSenior Director  Global Communications  R&D and Business Development+44 7557 267 634IRLAB's contacts Nicholas WatersChief Executive Officer+46 730 75 77 01 Viktor SiewertzChief Financial Officer+46 727 10 70 70Referencesi NCT04435431 https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT04435431ii Ahlskog JE  & Muenter MD (2001) Frequency of levodopa- related dyskinesias and motor fluctuations as estimated from the cumulative literature. Mov Disord  16  448-458iii Holloway RG  Shoulson I  Fahn S  Kieburtz K  Lang A  Marek K  McDermott M  Seibyl J  Weiner W  Musch B  Kamp C  Welsh M  Shinaman A  Pahwa R  Barclay L  Hubble J  LeWitt P  Miyasaki J  Suchowersky O  Stacy M  Russell DS  Ford B  Hammerstad J  Riley D  Standaert D  Wooten F  Factor S  Jankovic J  Atassi F  Kurlan R  Panisset M  Rajput A  Rodnitzky R  Shults C  Petsinger G  Waters C  Pfeiffer R  Biglan K  Borchert L  Montgomery A  Suther- land L  Weeks C  DeAngelis M  Sime E  Wood S  Pantella C  Harrigan M  Fussell B  Dillon S  Alexander-Brown B  Rainey P  Tennis M  Rost-Ruffner E  Brown D  Evans S  Berry D  Hall J  Shirley T  Dobson J  Fontaine D  Pfeiffer B  Brocht A  Bennett S  Daigneault S  Hodgeman K  O'Connell C  Ross T  Richard K  & Watts A (2004) Pramipexole vs levodopa as initial treatment for Parkinson disease: A 4- year randomized controlled trial. Arch Neurol  61  1044- 1053.iv Rascol O  Brooks DJ  Korczyn AD  De Deyn PP  Clarke CE  & Lang AE (2000) A five-year study of the incidence of dyskinesia in patients with early Parkinson's disease who were treated with ropinirole or levodopa. 056 Study Group. N Engl J Med  342  1484-1491.v Forsaa EB  Larsen JP  Wentzel-Larsen T  et al. A 12-year population-based study of psychosis in Parkinson's disease. Arch Neurol. 2010;67:996-1001vi Marras  C.  Beck  J. C.  Bower  J. H.  Roberts  E.  Ritz  B.  Ross  G. W.  Abbott  R. D.  Savica  R.  Van Den Eeden  S. K.  Willis  A. W.  Tanner  CM  on behalf of the Parkinson's Foundation P4 Group (2018). Prevalence of Parkinson's disease across North America. Npj Parkinson's Disease  4(1)  1-7vii The European Parkinson's Disease Association (EPDA). About Parkinson's Disease. https://www.epda.eu.com/about-parkinsons/what-is-parkinsons/viii American Parkinson's Disease Association. What is Dyskinesia. https://www.apdaparkinson.org/what-is-parkinsons/treatment-medication/medication/dyskinesia/ix Parkinson's Foundation. Understanding Parkinson's  Movement Disorders  Dyskinesia. https://www.parkinson.org/Understanding-Parkinsons/Symptoms/Movement-Symptoms/DyskinesiaAttachment",neutral,0.14,0.76,0.1,mixed,0.49,0.25,0.27,True,English,"['exclusive worldwide licensing agreement', 'Ipsen', 'IRLAB', 'lives', 'people', 'Parkinson', 'disease', '11', 'ongoing Phase IIb trial', 'Phase III preparatory activities', 'oral dopamine D3-receptor antagonist', 'Phase IIb clinical trials', 'common, progressive neurodegenerative condition', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'novel dopamine D3-receptor antagonist', 'tiered low double-digit royalties', 'dopamine replacement therapy', 'debilitating neurodegenerative disorder', 'IIa clinical programs', '$28m upfront payment', 'common side effect', 'Dr Howard Mayer', 'Executive Vice President', 'Dr Nicholas Waters', 'proprietary discovery platform', 'Swedish biotech space', 'upfront cash payment', 'worldwide net sales', 'remaining clinical development', 'late-stage clinical development', 'drug development efforts', 'exclusive worldwide rights', 'exclusive worldwide development', 'common motor symptoms', 'potential treatment option', 'troublesome involuntary movements', 'investigational treatment mesdopetam', 'Phase Ib', 'novel mechanism', 'common symptom', 'treatment options', 'commercial rights', 'erratic movements', 'potential development', 'early development', 'global market', 'worldwide commercialization', 'promising improvements', 'relevant endpoints', 'sales-based milestones', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'five years', 'nerve cells', 'muscle rigidity', 'other problems', 'dopaminergic neurons', 'normal functioning', 'antipsychotic properties', 'preclinical studies', 'neuroscience community', 'broad vision', 'neurological disorders', 'final steps', 'larger deals', 'commercial milestones', 'financial guidance', 'contact persons', 'severe form', 'investigational mesdopetam', 'levodopa-induced dyskinesia', 'licensing agreement', '40-50 percent', 'important collaboration', 'mesdopetam project', '10 million people', 'many people', 'vi PD', 'i Ipsen', 'IRLAB A', 'Disease Psychosis', 'dyskinesias', 'action', 'Parkinson', 'LID', 'regulatory', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'GOTHENBURG', 'SWEDEN', 'July', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'signing', 'PDP', 'course', 'brain', 'patients', 'tremor', 'slowness', 'anxiety', 'pain', 'depression', 'medicines', 'loss', 'face', 'arms', 'legs', 'trunk', 'ix', 'Head', 'Research', 'partnership', 'pipeline', 'commitment', 'CEO', 'journey', 'accomplishment', 'ISP', 'decades', 'merit', 'terms', 'information', 'publication', 'agency', 'ENDS']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29279,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-announces-withdrawal-of-palovarotene-NDA-confirming-intention-to-re-submit-following-additi-44670020/,Ipsen : announces withdrawal of palovarotene NDA  confirming intention to re-submit following additional data analyses -Yesterday at 09:36 am,(marketscreener.com)   This follows ongoing dialogue with the U.S. FDA regarding the palovarotene NDA review  initiated in May 2021    Paris   Friday 13 August  2021 - Ipsen today announced  following very recent discussions with the U.S. Food and Drug …,"This follows ongoing dialogue with the U.S. FDA regarding the palovarotene NDA review  initiated in May 2021Paris (France)  Friday 13 August  2021 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today announced  following very recent discussions with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  withdrawal of the New Drug Application (NDA) for palovarotene. This follows ongoing dialogue with the FDA following the acceptance of the NDA for Priority Review which was announced on 28 May 2021. During the review and ongoing dialogue between Ipsen and the FDA  it was recognized that additional analyses and evaluation of data collected from Ipsen's Phase III MOVE and FOP program would be required to progress and complete the review process. It was agreed between Ipsen and the FDA that it would not be possible to complete this within the current NDA review cycle. As a result  Ipsen has therefore confirmed their withdrawal of the NDA for palovarotene. After recent discussion with FDA  Ipsen plans to resubmit to the FDA upon completion of the additional data analyses.Dr. Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development  Ipsen  said ""We remain committed to the FOP community through our clinical programs for Ipsen's two investigational therapies palovarotene and IPN60130. We recognize the urgency from this community to bring a much-needed treatment option to people living with FOP around the world. Unfortunately  as there is no regulatory mechanism to ""pause"" the current ongoing review process  we have taken the decision to withdraw the NDA for palovarotene to undertake the additional analyses and evaluation needed  with plans to resubmit the data for palovarotene as soon as possible.""Palovarotene is an oral  investigational  selective RARγ agonist for the prevention of heterotropic ossification (new bone formation) as a potential treatment for people living with fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP). The target regulatory action date assigned by the FDA under a Priority Review status for palovarotene was 30 November 2021.FOP is an ultra-rare genetic disorder with an estimated prevalence of 1.36 per million individuals globally; however  the number of confirmed cases varies by country.1 2 It is characterized by new bone formation outside of the normal skeletal system  like in soft connective tissues  a process known as heterotopic ossification (HO) 3 which can be preceded by painful soft-tissue swelling or ""flare-ups"".2 Flare-up episodes are common and are a substantial contributor to the formation of new HO  however HO can form in the absence of a flare-up. HO  once formed  is irreversible and leads to loss of mobility and shortened life expectancy.3ENDSAbout the palovarotene FOP clinical programThe Phase III MOVE (NCT03312634) trial is an ongoing open-label  single-arm trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of a chronic/flare-up dosing regimen of palovarotene  which comprises a 5mg daily dose that is increased at the start of a flare-up to 20mg for four weeks  followed by 10mg for eight weeks. At the end of the flare-up dosing period  the dose returns to the chronic 5mg daily dose. All dosing is weight-adjusted in skeletally immature participants (those under the age of 18 years with less than 90% skeletal maturity on hand/wrist x-rays performed at screening). The trial is being conducted in Argentina  Australia  Brazil  Canada  France  Italy  Japan  Spain  Sweden  the United Kingdom  and the United States.4 There are two ongoing Phase II (PVO-1A-202 [NCT02279095] and PVO-1A-204 [NCT02979769]) extension trials: 1) Study 202  an open-label extension of Study 201  the initial Phase II randomized  double-blind  multi-center trial; and 2) Study 204  an open-label trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of different palovarotene dosing regimens in patients with FOP in France.In December 2019  a partial clinical hold was applied to participants under the age of 14 years participating in the Phase II (PVO-1A-202/204 and PVO-2A-201) and Phase III (PVO-1A-301) studies at all clinical sites globally. This was due to reports of premature physeal closure (PPC). A decision to pause dosing of palovarotene in all remaining participants in the global Phase III MOVE trial (PVO-1A-301)  as well as the ongoing Phase II (PVO-1A-202/204) extension studies in FOP was made by Ipsen on January 24  2020  based on results of a futility analysis as part of the pre-specified interim analysis (Bayesian compound Poisson analysis with square root transformation of the new HO volume data).*Encouraging therapeutic activity was observed in post hoc analyses of interim data for the Phase III MOVE trial and shared with  and acknowledged by  the Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC). Post hoc analyses included Bayesian compound Poisson analysis without square-root transformation  and weighted linear mixed-effects models (with/without square-root transformation of the new HO volume data). As such  the Company amended the protocol for the Phase III MOVE trial to include updates to the statistical-analysis section  including additional analyses requested by the IDMC  to be performed in addition to the primary pre-specified analysis. The protocol amendments are based on the IDMC's observation that the protocol pre-specified statistical model may have negatively affected the efficacy analysis and appears to have shifted the statistical conclusion from significant therapeutic benefit to showing futility of the treatment. Dosing for eligible study patients ≥14 years of age has resumed as of March 26  2020 across the Phase II and Phase III programs for palovarotene in FOP.About palovarotenePalovarotene is an oral investigational  selective retinoic-acid receptor gamma (RARγ) agonist being developed as a potential treatment for people living with the debilitating ultra-rare genetic disorder fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP). Palovarotene  which received rare pediatric disease and breakthrough therapy designations from the FDA for the potential treatment of FOP  was acquired by Ipsen through the acquisition of Clementia Pharmaceuticals in April 2019. The palovarotene NDA was accepted by the U.S. FDA for Priority Review on 28 May 2021.About fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP)Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP) is an ultra-rare genetic disorder characterized by bone that forms outside the normal skeleton  in muscles  tendons  or soft tissue.3 FOP has an estimated prevalence of 1.36 per million individuals globally; however  the number of confirmed cases varies by country.1 2IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience; it also has a well-established Consumer Healthcare business. With Total Sales of over €2.5bn in FY 2020  Ipsen sells more than 20 medicines in over 115 countries  with a direct commercial presence in more than 30 countries. The Company's research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has c.5 700 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 7584 349 193 Adrien Dupin de Saint-CyrInvestor Relations Manager+33 6 64 26 17 49 Media Jess SmithSenior Director  Global Communications R&D  Business Development and Rare Disease+44 7557 267 634 Maryann QuinnDirector  US Communications+001 857 529 1151Ipsen's forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen's management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen's future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words 'believes'  'anticipates' and 'expects' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen's expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising product in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic products that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the Research and Development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a product in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during pre-clinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the product concerned. There can be no guarantees a product will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the product will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances  new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen's patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its products which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen's activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen's partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen's business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen's business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen's 2020 Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.References1 Lilijesthrom  M & Bogard  B 2016  'The global known FOP population'  FOP Drug Development Forum  Boston  MA  24-25 October.2 Baujat et al. Prevalence of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP) in France: an estimate based on a record linkage of two national databases. Orphanet Journal of Rare Diseases. 2017; 12:123.3 Kaplan FS  et al. The medical management of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva: current treatment considerations. Proc Intl Clin Council FOP 1:1-111  2019.4 ClinicalTrials.gov. An efficacy and safety study of palovarotene for the treatment of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva. (MOVE)  clinicaltrials.gov  viewed March 2021  <https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03312634>.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.72,0.2,negative,0.01,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['additional data analyses', 'palovarotene NDA', 'Ipsen', 'withdrawal', 'intention', '09:36', 'initial Phase II randomized, double-blind, multi-center trial', 'oral, investigational, selective RARγ agonist', 'global Phase III MOVE trial', 'target regulatory action date', 'Bayesian compound Poisson analysis', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'two ongoing Phase II', 'chronic 5mg daily dose', 'ongoing open-label, single-arm trial', 'current NDA review cycle', 'different palovarotene dosing regimens', 'current ongoing review process', 'new HO volume data', 'two investigational therapies', 'palovarotene FOP clinical program', 'U.S. Food', 'Dr. Howard Mayer', 'Executive Vice President', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva', 'soft connective tissues', 'painful soft-tissue swelling', 'premature physeal closure', 'Encouraging therapeutic activity', 'linear mixed-effects models', 'partial clinical hold', 'New Drug Application', 'post hoc analyses', 'new bone formation', 'normal skeletal system', 'chronic/flare-up dosing regimen', 'square root transformation', 'Priority Review status', 'additional data analyses', 'U.S. FDA', 'flare-up dosing period', 'palovarotene NDA review', 'open-label trial', 'ongoing dialogue', 'regulatory mechanism', 'futility analysis', 'interim analysis', 'additional analyses', 'clinical programs', 'clinical sites', 'interim data', 'open-label extension', 'FOP program', 'Drug Administration', '90% skeletal maturity', 'square-root transformation', 'recent discussions', 'treatment option', 'heterotropic ossification', 'potential treatment', 'million individuals', 'heterotopic ossification', 'substantial contributor', 'life expectancy', 'four weeks', 'eight weeks', 'wrist x-rays', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'extension trials', 'statistical-analysis section', 'Flare-up episodes', 'immature participants', 'remaining participants', '4) trial', 'FOP community', 'Paris', 'France', 'Friday', 'August', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'withdrawal', 'acceptance', '28 May', 'evaluation', 'result', 'completion', 'Head', 'Research', 'Development', 'urgency', 'people', 'world', 'decision', 'plans', 'prevention', 'prevalence', 'number', 'cases', 'country', 'flare-ups', 'absence', 'loss', 'mobility', 'ENDS', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'start', '20mg', '10mg', 'age', '18 years', 'less', 'hand', 'screening', 'Argentina', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Italy', 'Japan', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'PVO-1A-202', 'PVO-1A-204', 'Study', 'patients', 'December', '14 years', 'PVO-2A', '1) studies', 'reports', 'PPC', 'January', 'IDMC', 'Company', 'protocol', 'updates', '1.36']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29280,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/Eurofins-Scientific-Managers-transactions-PDMR-transaction-44667538/,Eurofins Scientific : Managers' transactions PDMR transaction -Yesterday at 04:56 am,(marketscreener.com)   NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES   AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM   1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely a…,NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIESAND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associateda) Name1 VIGNEAU François2. Reason for the notificationa) Position / status2 Senior Vice PresidentInitial notification / amendment 3Initial3. Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E. b) LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S574. Details of the transaction(s)section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each placewhere transactions have been conductedDescription of the financialinstrument  type of instrument 6 Share Identification code7 ISIN: FR0014000MR3 b) Nature of the transaction8 Exercise of stock options 1 000 Number of options exercised: Transaction is linked to the Eurofins stock option / free share / stock option program c) Price(s) and volume(s)9 Price(s) Volume(s) n/a n/a d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume10 n/a - Price11 n/a e) Date of the transaction12 2023-08-14 f) Place of the transaction13 Euronext ParisDate and signature_______________________________For natural persons: the first name and the last name(s). For legal persons: full name including legal form as provided for in the register where it is incorporated  if applicable. For persons discharging managerial responsibilities: the position occupied within the issuer  emission allowances market participant/auction platform/auctioneer/auction monitor should be indicated  e.g. CEO  CFO.For persons closely associated:- an indication that the notification concerns a person closely associated with a person discharging managerial responsibilities - the name and position of the relevant person discharging managerial responsibilities. Indication that this is an initial notification or an amendment to prior notifications. In case of amendment  explain the error that this notification is amending.4Full name of the entity.in accordance with ISO 17442 LEI code.,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Eurofins Scientific', ""Managers' transactions"", 'PDMR transaction', 'Yesterday', '04', 'Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E', 'Name1 VIGNEAU François', 'Share Identification code7 ISIN', 'emission allowance market participant', 'Eurofins stock option', 'Senior Vice President', 'transaction13 Euronext Paris', 'market participant/auction platform', 'ISO 17442 LEI code', 'stock option program', 'free share', 'emission allowances', 'Price(s', 'Volume(s', 'stock options', 'MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'auction monitor', 'transaction8 Exercise', 'legal form', 'prior notifications', 'first name', 'last name', 'full name', 'financial instrument', 'natural persons', 'legal persons', 'relevant person', 'Initial notification', 'DISCLOSURE', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'Details', 'Reason', 'Position', 'status2', 'amendment', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'LEI5', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'Number', 'information', 'volume10', 'Price11', 'transaction12', 'register', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'indication', 'case', 'error', 'entity', 'accordance', '2.']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29281,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/amsc-asa---funds-managed-by-maritime-partners-llc-agrees-to-acquire-us-jones-act-business-of-amsc-asa-301906459.html,AMSC ASA - FUNDS MANAGED BY MARITIME PARTNERS  LLC AGREES TO ACQUIRE U.S. JONES ACT BUSINESS OF AMSC ASA,"LYSAKER  Norway and NEW ORLEANS  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC today announced that AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisition"")  a newly-formed company owned and controlled by a fund managed by…","LYSAKER  Norway and NEW ORLEANS  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC today announced that AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisition"")  a newly-formed company owned and controlled by a fund managed by Maritime Partners  LLC  have signed a share purchase agreement (the ""SPA"") for PM Acquisition's purchase of American Tanker Holding Company  Inc. (the ""ATHC"")  a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMSC  (the ""Transaction""). ATHC  through its subsidiaries  owns nine handysize products tankers and one handysize shuttle tanker  all of which are on long-term bareboat charter to Overseas Shipholding Group Inc. (NYSE:OSG) or Keystone Shipping Co. and operated in the U.S. Jones Act market.AMSC will receive gross cash proceeds from the Transaction  subject to certain adjustments  of in an aggregate amount of US$ 249.3 million  divided between consideration for the shares in ATHC and repayment of a shareholder loan  reflecting an enterprise value of ATHC of US$ 746.7 million based on the balance sheet of ATHC as at March 31  2023. The parties expect the Transaction to close on or before October 31  2023.AMSC's Board of Directors unanimously approved AMSC's entry into the SPA. The closing of the Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions  as well as the approval of the Transaction by the affirmative vote of 2/3 of AMSC's shareholders present and voting at an extraordinary general meeting of AMSC expected to be held during the second half of September 2023. Each of Aker Capital AS and DNB Bank ASA  the two largest AMSC shareholders (representing in aggregate approximately 34.61% of the issued and outstanding shares of AMSC)  has irrevocably and unconditionally agreed to vote all of its respective shares in favor of the Transaction.""We are thrilled to acquire AMSC's Jones Act business which is a natural fit for our platform and consistent with our investment strategy "" said Bick Brooks  the co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Maritime Partners  LLC. ""The acquired vessels are critical long-lived assets engaged in the transportation of non-discretionary cargo throughout the United States. The vessels are employed on long-term bareboat charters with two strong counterparties. This acquisition will nicely complement our existing lease portfolio by diversifying lessee exposure  asset exposure and end market exposure within the protected Jones Act markets. As we look to the future  we are excited about cultivating a lasting and growing partnership with our two new lessees  Overseas Shipholding Group and Keystone.""Pål Lothe Magnussen  CEO of AMSC commented that ""the management team at AMSC is pleased that a Maritime Partners managed fund  a leading Jones Act leasing company  is acquiring our Jones Act business. We believe this is the ideal new owner of this business for the next phase in the lifecycle of these assets. AMSC's ownership tenure has surpassed 18 years since the ships were ordered  during which significant financial profits have been created and provided to AMSC and its shareholders. We believe that the long remaining commercial life of the fleet in combination with strong bareboat charter contract cover in a strong market represents a good opportunity and point in time for us to reconsider capital allocation for AMSC and strategy going forward  and this transaction is a natural step in this process.""Pareto Securities AS has rendered a fairness opinion to the Board of AMSC concluding that the Transaction  from a financial point of view  is fair to AMSC. Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS and Blank Rome  LLP are acting as legal advisors to AMSC.Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is acting as financial advisor to the Buyer. Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS and Reed Smith LLP are acting as legal advisors to the Buyer. Ernst & Young LLP is acting as tax advisor to the Buyer.ContactsAMSC: Pål Lothe Magnussen  +47 90 54 59 59  pm@amscasa.comMaritime Partners: James Canafax  +1 504 264 5118  JCanafax@maritimepartnersllc.comAbout AMSCEstablished in 2005 and listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker: AMSC)  AMSC is a ship owning company with nine modern handy size product tankers  one modern handy size shuttle tanker and one subsea construction vessel on bareboat charters with various counterparties. AMSC has a significant contract backlog  as well as profit sharing agreements  which offers visibility with respect to future earnings and potential dividend capacity. Following completion of the Transaction  the only remaining vessel of the group will be the subsea construction vessel Normand Maximus  which is chartered to a single purpose subsidiary of Solstad Offshore ASA.AMSC's ambition to pay attractive dividends to its shareholders remains after completion of the Transaction. Further information is available at www.amscasa.com.About Maritime PartnersMaritime Partners  LLC is a leading provider of maritime financing solutions  specializing in vessels that are used in the Jones Act trade. With a managed fleet of approximately 1 800 vessels in service  the company offers tailored leasing services to operators across the full spectrum of credit quality. A privately held company founded in 2015  Maritime Partners  LLC provides the assets that transport the commodities which represent the primary building blocks of the US domestic economy  including agricultural products  chemicals  aggregates  and refined petroleum products. The management team leverages more than 50 years of operational experience in chartering  asset management  shipbuilding  and financing across all marine asset classes. Further information is available at www.maritimepartnersllc.com.This information is considered to include inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 7 and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This stock exchange announcement was published by Morten Bakke  CFO  AMSC ASA  on August 22  2023 at 08:30 CET.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis communication is not an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  any securities  or the solicitation of a proxy  in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to whom  such offer  sale or solicitation is not authorized or would be unlawful.This communication contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and other statements  which are not statements of historical facts. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans""  ""will be"" and similar expressions. You are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AMSC and Maritime Partners  and that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements contained herein. The forward-looking statements in this communication speak only as of the date hereof and  other than as may be required by applicable law  neither AMSC nor Maritime Partners undertakes any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.SOURCE AMSC ASA",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.24,0.09,True,English,"['U.S. JONES ACT BUSINESS', 'AMSC ASA', 'MARITIME PARTNERS', 'FUNDS', 'LLC', 'nine modern handy size product tankers', 'one modern handy size shuttle tanker', 'U.S. Jones Act market', 'strong bareboat charter contract cover', 'leading Jones Act leasing company', 'one handysize shuttle tanker', 'nine handysize products tankers', 'Pål Lothe Magnussen', 'Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange', 'American Tanker Holding Company', 'Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS', 'long remaining commercial life', 'Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.', 'one subsea construction vessel', 'Overseas Shipholding Group Inc.', 'Project Merchant Acquisition LLC', 'Maritime Partners Maritime Partners', 'Jones Act markets', 'Jones Act trade', 'long-term bareboat charter', 'two largest AMSC shareholders', 'significant contract backlog', 'Pareto Securities AS', 'Jones Act business', 'Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS', 'two strong counterparties', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'gross cash proceeds', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'existing lease portfolio', 'two new lessees', 'profit sharing agreements', 'potential dividend capacity', 'Aker Capital AS', 'end market exposure', 'ideal new owner', 'Solstad Offshore ASA', 'maritime financing solutions', 'single purpose subsidiary', 'significant financial profits', 'share purchase agreement', 'Keystone Shipping Co.', 'critical long-lived assets', 'Reed Smith LLP', 'strong market', 'remaining vessel', 'bareboat charters', 'leading provider', 'NEW ORLEANS', 'owned subsidiary', 'capital allocation', 'various counterparties', 'lessee exposure', 'asset exposure', 'financial advisor', 'PM Acquisition', 'shareholder loan', 'enterprise value', 'balance sheet', 'customary conditions', 'second half', 'natural fit', 'Bick Brooks', 'discretionary cargo', 'United States', 'growing partnership', 'management team', 'next phase', 'ownership tenure', 'good opportunity', 'natural step', 'fairness opinion', 'Blank Rome', 'legal advisors', 'Young LLP', 'tax advisor', 'James Canafax', 'Normand Maximus', 'attractive dividends', 'Further information', 'financial point', 'AMSC ASA', 'outstanding shares', 'respective shares', 'aggregate amount', 'investment strategy', 'future earnings', 'managed fleet', 'LYSAKER', 'Norway', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'fund', 'SPA', 'ATHC', 'Transaction', 'subsidiaries', 'NYSE', 'OSG', 'adjustments', 'consideration', 'repayment', 'March', 'October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'entry', 'closing', 'satisfaction', 'approval', 'vote', '2/3', 'September', 'favor', 'platform', 'founder', 'vessels', 'transportation', 'lasting', 'CEO', 'lifecycle', 'years', 'ships', 'combination', 'process', 'view', 'Buyer', 'Ernst', 'Contacts', 'JCanafax', 'maritimepartnersllc', 'ticker', 'visibility', 'completion', 'ambition', 'amscasa']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,prnewswire.co.uk
29282,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ING-GROEP-N-V-56358303/news/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme-44665480/,Progress on share buyback programme,(marketscreener.com) Progress on share buyback programme ING announced today that  in line with the launch of our €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 11 May 2023  we repurchased 22 963 042 shares during the week of 14 August 2023 up to and inclu…,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  in line with the launch of our €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 11 May 2023  we repurchased 22 963 042 shares during the week of 14 August 2023 up to and including 18 August 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €13.01 for a total amount of €298 758 301.04. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 64 357 136 ordinary shares at an average price of €12.83 for a total consideration of €825 625 750.72. To date approximately 55.04% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Daan Wentholt ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 6386 +31 20 576 6396 Daan.Wentholt@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 59 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason. This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.38,0.33,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', '2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'related international response measures', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'related response measures', 'currency exchange rates', 'related market disruption', 'Frequent news updates', 'Groep N.V.', 'same accounting principles', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'maximum total value', 'Group Investor Relations', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'wholesale banking services', 'Bank N.V.', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Important legal information', 'financial services', 'economic crimes', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'European Union', 'financial markets', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'financial information', 'Group shares', 'average price', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'detailed information', 'total number', 'tax laws', '64,357,136 ordinary shares', 'Daan Wentholt', '22,963,042 shares', 'Progress', 'line', 'launch', '11 May', '14 August', '18 August', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '59,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29283,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/08/22/global-stocks-extend-comeback-rally-as-iseq-outperforms-peers/,Global stocks extend comeback rally as Iseq outperforms peers,Among the main movers  building materials group CRH was up 2 per cent ahead of its US listing in September,Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Wall Street’s main indexes pared gains on Tuesday  as US Treasury yields rose on growing worries about interest rates staying higher for longer  while gains in Nvidia shares fizzled out in the run up to the chip designer’s earnings.Global stocks extended their comeback rally on Tuesday  while benchmark Treasury yields hit a near 16-year high on concerns that interest rates could stay higher for longer and the safe-haven dollar edged back towards 10-week highs.DublinEuronext Dublin outperformed its European counterparts as it climbed 1.25 per cent on the back of some strong performances from its bigger hitters.Among the main movers  building materials group CRH was up 2 per cent ahead of its US listing in September. “A lot of the investment banks are keeping an eye on that ” one trader noted.Insulation specialist Kingspan was up 2 per cent  which was in line with the sector  as Woodies DIY parent Grafton Group climbed the same amount.READ MOREElsewhere  Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment was up 3 per cent at close of business  while box-maker Smurfit Kappa was up about 2 per cent.Ryanair was up 1 per cent at close of business but it lagged some of its sectoral peers with EasyJet and Wizz Air climbing 1.3 and 1.8 per cent respectively.Bank of Ireland dropped 1 per cent following political pressure from Minister for Finance Michael McGrath on Monday to raise deposit rates for savers. AIB seemed insulated however  as it climbed 30 basis points while Permanent TSB was unchanged.Among the home builders  Glenveagh Properties climbed 3 per cent to bounce back from some recent lows.LondonThe FTSE 100 moved 0.18 per cent higher on the back of a strong session from commodities firms to break its worst losing streak since 2019.Michael Hewson  chief market analyst at CMC Markets UK  said: “Mining stocks are gaining despite a disappointing update from Australian miner BHP  which saw its profits fall by 37 per cent  on the back of weakness in the Chinese economy.”In company news  Wood Group finished higher after the oil and gas engineering firm upgraded its revenue and profit guidance for the year due to a boost from new contracts.Wood provided a positive trading update for investors  reporting that its adjusted core earnings for the year are forecast to be “ahead of our previous expectations”. Shares in the business were 6.1p higher at 154.2p at the close.British American Tobacco was in the green after experts at Jefferies said the stock was too cheap and highlighted it as a significant discount against key rivals Philip Morris International and Imperial Brands. The tobacco giant saw shares improve by 15p to 2 534p.EuropeOn the continent  stock gains were driven by a 2 per cent jump in the tech sector on optimism surrounding the world’s most valuable chipmaker Nvidia ahead of its quarterly results on Wednesday.However  it was a mixed session as the key indexes made cautious progress before coming under pressure from continued worries about high bond yields.Pan-European stocks jumped 0.7 per cent in their best day since late July thanks to a rally in tech. Germany’s Dax index was 0.66 per cent higher for the day and the Cac 40 closed down 0.23 per cent. The Stoxx Europe 600 rose 0.7 per cent.New YorkWall Street’s main indexes pared gains on Tuesday  as US Treasury yields rose on growing worries about interest rates staying higher for longer  while gains in Nvidia shares fizzled out in the run up to the chip designer’s earnings.Wall Street had regained some ground on Monday due to a rally in Nvidia and other tech stocks. Shares of Nvidia hit an all-time high of $481.87 soon after markets opened but were last down 1.5 per cent.Other big technology and growth stocks such as Microsoft  Alphabet and Tesla rose between 0.7 per cent and 2.7 per cent.Keeping the Dow under pressure  sports retailer Nike fell 0.5 per cent after a downbeat profit forecast from Dick’s Sporting Goods. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.34,0.64,0.03,mixed,0.18,0.23,0.59,True,English,"['Global stocks', 'comeback rally', 'Iseq', 'peers', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'Woodies DIY parent Grafton Group', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'building materials group', 'benchmark Treasury yields', 'Insulation specialist Kingspan', 'worst losing streak', 'chief market analyst', 'Australian miner BHP', 'gas engineering firm', 'Philip Morris International', 'Other big technology', 'US Treasury yields', 'Finance Michael McGrath', 'positive trading update', 'British American Tobacco', 'downbeat profit forecast', 'other tech stocks', 'CMC Markets UK', 'high bond yields', 'The Stoxx Europe', '2 per cent jump', 'Wood Group', 'US listing', 'new contracts', 'The FTSE', 'Michael Hewson', 'disappointing update', 'profit guidance', 'tobacco giant', 'Global stocks', 'Mining stocks', 'Pan-European stocks', 'growth stocks', '37 per cent', '0.7 per cent', '2.7 per cent', 'Wall Street', 'main indexes', 'growing worries', 'interest rates', 'chip designer', 'safe-haven dollar', '10-week highs', 'European counterparts', 'strong performances', 'bigger hitters', 'main movers', 'investment banks', 'one trader', 'same amount', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'sectoral peers', 'Wizz Air', 'deposit rates', 'Permanent TSB', 'home builders', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'recent lows', 'strong session', 'commodities firms', 'Chinese economy', 'company news', 'previous expectations', 'significant discount', 'key rivals', 'Imperial Brands', 'valuable chipmaker', 'quarterly results', 'mixed session', 'key indexes', 'cautious progress', 'continued worries', 'late July', 'Dax index', 'sports retailer', 'Sporting Goods', 'Additional reporting', 'stock gains', 'Euronext Dublin', 'best day', 'comeback rally', 'political pressure', 'core earnings', 'Nvidia shares', '1.8 per', 'Traders', 'floor', 'Tuesday', 'run', 'concerns', 'CRH', 'September', 'lot', 'eye', 'line', 'READ', 'close', 'business', 'box-maker', 'Ryanair', 'EasyJet', 'Ireland', 'Minister', 'Monday', 'savers', 'AIB', 'basis', 'London', 'profits', 'weakness', 'oil', 'revenue', 'year', 'boost', 'investors', 'green', 'experts', 'Jefferies', 'continent', 'optimism', 'world', 'Wednesday', 'Germany', 'Cac', 'ground', 'Microsoft', 'Alphabet', 'Tesla', 'Nike', 'Dick', 'Agencies', '1.25']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,irishtimes.com
29284,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEXAOM-58808496/news/Hexaom-2023-HALF-YEAR-REVENUE-UP-6-7-TO-EUR-586-1-MILLION-ON-TRACK-TO-REACH-TARGETS-44667424/,Hexaom : 2023 HALF-YEAR REVENUE UP +6.7% TO EUR 586.1 MILLION  ON TRACK TO REACH TARGETS -Yesterday at 04:35 am,(marketscreener.com)  Consolidated unaudited2nd quarter1st half-year20232022% change20232022% changeHome Building247.2222.2+11.3%471.1426.1+10.6%Real Estate Development24.618.6+32.3%36.031.3+15.0%Land...https://www.markets…,"Consolidated (€M)unaudited 2nd quarter 1st half-year 2023 2022 % change 2023 2022 % change Home Building 247.2 222.2 +11.3% 471.1 426.1 +10.6% Real Estate Development 24.6 18.6 +32.3% 36.0 31.3 +15.0% Land Development 8.2 10.1 -18.8% 15.5 16.6 -6.6% B2C Renovation 14.5 11.6 +25.0% 27.5 24.4 +12.7% Subtotal 294.5 262.5 +12.2% 550.1 498.4 +10.4% B2B Renovation 13.0 26.0 -50.0% 35.9 50.6 -29.1% Total Revenue 307.5 288.5 +6.6% 586.1 549.1 +6.7%Production for the first half of 2023 on track to reach full year targetsIn the first half of 2023  the Hexaom Group posted revenue of €586.1 million  up +6.7% compared to the same period last year  on a like-for-like basis. This growth is compared with a record-setting first half of 2022.For the second quarter of 2023  Hexaom posted revenue of €307.5 million  up +6.6% compared to the same period last year.By business line  production for the first six months of the year breaks down as follows:Home Building production times remain longer than the historical norm (2 months longer on average); however  a high order intake has boosted this portfolio. Revenue was up 10.6% over the period to €471.1 million.Real Estate Development posted revenue of €36.0 million  up +15.0% compared with €31.3 million in the first half of 2022. However  the expected growth of this business in 2023 remains hindered by unfavorable market conditions.Land Development posted revenue of €15.5 million  compared with €16.6 million last year  down 6.6%  but in line with Group expectations for the first six months.B2C Renovation revenue increased by 12.7% to €27.5 million. This growth was underpinned by the continued expansion of the franchisee network.Thus  revenue from intermediated business  consisting of commissions received via the franchise network  rose sharply (+28.6%). Revenue from the “general contractor” business continues to grow and was up +10.2%.Lastly  revenue from B2B Renovation—mainly derived from the activities of Atelier des Compagnons  a subsidiary which has been placed under the protection of the commercial court since last June (see press release of June 9th  2023)—was down 29.1% to €35.9 million.Order intake for the first half of 2023The real estate market remains turbulent for everyone in the industry. The slowdown in order intake that occurred during the first quarter of 2023 continued into the second quarter  against a backdrop of high inflation  rising interest rates  and tighter financing conditions. No upturn in the market is expected before 2024. In this unfavorable context  Hexaom remains focused on margins over volumes and deploying its BtoC Renovation offering to take advantage of a more buoyant market.Home Building Business :The order intake  at June 30th  2023  represented revenue of €331.1 million  down 35.6% in value (-41.5% in number  in line with the market).As the hyperinflation in construction costs during recent months gradually abates  selling prices are beginning to stabilize. As a result  the average selling price over the first six months of the year was €166.8k excluding VAT  compared to €166.3k excluding VAT in the first quarter of this year and €151.6K excluding VAT a year ago.Land and Real Estate Development Business :The Real Estate Development business backlog  at June 30th  2023  was €141.8 million and the total potential inventory to be delivered represented revenue of €412.6 million  i.e. 1 905 housing units. Due to sluggish market conditions  the focus is on first-time home buyers and high-quality homes.For the Land Development business  the order book (reserved stock for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed) stood at €17 million  representing 220 lots. This level of activity reflects wider trends in the homebuilding market.B2C Renovation Business :Though hampered by high material prices  the B2C Renovation business is thriving thanks to its network of franchisees.General contractor work amounted to €20.9 million for the half-year compared to €26.5 million for the same period last year. On the other hand  order intake from the intermediated business rose by 26.5% to €51.8 million  compared with €40.9 million in the first half of 2022.B2B Renovation Business :B2B renovation sales fell sharply in the second quarter  after the subsidiary mainly responsible for this business was placed under the protection of the commercial court. At June 30th  2023  new orders totaled €17.8 million  down -26.9%.Outlook for 2023With the high order intake from its homebuilding business  Hexaom forecasts production in this sector to grow slightly in 2023  despite an expected slowdown in the second half of the year.The B2C Renovation portfolio should continue to grow  considering the buoyant market trends and the additional sales resources that will be deployed in the coming months. To date  Hexaom has 200 CAMIF Habitat and Illico Travaux franchisees.In addition  a renovation and extension offering that leverages the group's recognized homebuilding brands is gradually being deployed throughout the existing network. Finally  a Rénovert energy renovation offering will be rolled out across France via a new network of franchisees starting in the last quarter of 2023.Given the expected outlook for each of its business lines  and the actions taken to preserve its margins and financial equilibrium  Hexaom remains confident in its ability to improve its operating margin before non-recurring items in 2023.Furthermore  by the end of September  the Group will have a clearer picture of the commercial court's decision concerning the subsidiary Atelier des Compagnons (continuation  sale  or liquidation)  and consequently of the accounting impact from the consolidation of this subsidiary. In view of this timetable  the Group has decided to postpone the publication of its 2023 half-year results to October 4th  2023  after the close of trading  so that any communication includes the impact from these ongoing insolvency proceedings.A strong foundation to cope with the dip in the marketGiven the current market conditions and lower order intake from the homebuilding business which will inevitably impact production in 2024 and 2025  the Group has already taken measures to adapt its fixed costs and cost of sales.The Group will also build on the fundamentals and strengths that make its business model so strong:High flexibility and cost variability  with 100% of production being subcontracted.Its experience in the market and ability to anticipate trends which prompted it to start raising prices as early as 2021—to preserve margins and ensure operating profitability for the coming years—and quickly roll out measures to drive down fixed costs.A move upmarket  which has been underway for several years  to target a clientele that qualifies for financing more easily  thus reducing exposure to the financing difficulties experienced by first-time buyers.A leading position in the homebuilding business which helped it gain market share (as customers seek out reliable companies) and allowed it to take over projects from failing companies in a market where consolidation is set to accelerate.The growing role of the BtoC Renovation business  which is seeing its market grow and benefitting from shorter production lead times.A very sound financial structure coupled with very low inventory exposure and low working capital requirements.Faced with the current challenges in the real estate sector  Hexaom has positioned itself to adapt quickly to difficult market conditions and is prepared to seize opportunities as soon as better conditions prevail.Next press release: 2023 Half-Year Results  October 4th  2023  after market close.Next meeting: A videoconference will be held on October 5th  2023  at 10:00 a.m.ABOUT THE GROUPSince 1919  five generations of the same family have successively taken over the helm of HEXAOM  a group that drives and federates an ecosystem of 46 brands and subsidiaries with complementary expertise. A unique story of family entrepreneurship characterized by its stability in a complex market sector. The group  leader in the home building  renovation  and first-time owners' markets in France currently serves more than 12 000 customers a year  has built more than 110 000 houses  has carried out over 85 000 renovations  employs more than 2 000 people  and recorded revenue of €1 060 million in 2022.HEXAOM is listed on Euronext Growth Paris.HEXAOM equities are eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plan.ISIN code: FR 0004159473 - Mnemonic ALHEXCONTACTSHEXAOMLoi?c VandrommeChief Executive OfficerTel: + 33 2 33 80 66 61E-mail lvandromme@hexaom.frJean-Christophe GodetChief Financial OfficerTel: + 33 2 33 80 66 61E-mail finances@hexaom.frEDIFICE CommunicationAmalia NaveiraAnalyst/Investor/Press Relations - Tel: + 33 6 31 35 99 50E-mail: hexaom@edifice-communication.comGLOSSARY:Gross order intake: a contract is recorded in the gross order intake as soon as it is signed by the customer and accepted by our sales administration department (administrative control of the documents and validity of the financing plan  site inspection  verification  and acceptance of the selling price). The amount recorded corresponds to the revenue excluding taxes to be generated by the contract.Backlog (real estate development): represents the group's already secured future revenue  expressed in euros  for its real estate development business. The backlog includes reservations for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed and the portion of revenue remaining to be generated on units for which notarial deeds of sale have already been signed (portion remaining to be built).Order book (land development): represents recorded land orders that have not been canceled and for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed.Production in progress: all orders for which the conditions precedent to begin work have been met (building permit and client financing obtained  client ownership of the land) and which have not been accepted by the client (delivered)Change in like-for-like revenue: changes in revenue for the periods under comparison  recalculated as follows:- in the event of an acquisition  revenue from the acquired company is deducted from the current period if it was not part of the group during the previous period - in the event of a sale  the revenue of the divested company that is no longer part of the group during the current period is deducted from the comparison period.B2B (business to business): refers to transactions conducted between two companies.B2C (business to consumer): refers to transactions conducted between the company and consumers.Net contribution margin corresponds to the difference between the revenue generated by contracts and the costs directly related to these contracts (construction costs  sales or broker commissions  taxes  insurance  etc.).Current operating income: intended to present the group's operating performance excluding the impact of non-recurring operations and events during the period.Cash position: includes cash on hand and demand deposits.Debt: includes all current and non-current financial liabilities except leases according to the restatement of IFRS 16.Net cash: cash position less debt.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mm+aZ8dnam+YmWyeaJeXZ2pnaW6Sk2bFbpSblWaaYsiYcJ1im2pqnJqaZnFimWxr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Unregulated information:Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81475-hexaom_cas1-2023-en-us.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,mixed,0.25,0.29,0.46,True,English,"['2023 HALF-YEAR REVENUE', 'EUR 586.1 MILLION', 'Hexaom', 'TRACK', 'REACH', 'TARGETS', '04:35', 'The Real Estate Development business backlog', 'unaudited 2nd quarter 1st half-year', 'The B2C Renovation portfolio', 'Home Building production times', 'real estate market', 'Atelier des Compagnons', 'rising interest rates', 'tighter financing conditions', 'first-time home buyers', 'General contractor work', 'additional sales resources', 'general contractor” business', 'Home Building Business', 'total potential inventory', 'B2C Renovation Business', 'recognized homebuilding brands', 'sluggish market conditions', 'high material prices', 'BtoC Renovation offering', 'B2B renovation sales', 'Land Development business', 'Illico Travaux franchisees', 'first six months', 'B2B Renovation Business', 'unfavorable market conditions', 'record-setting first half', 'average selling price', 'full year targets', 'high order intake', 'buoyant market trends', 'B2C Renovation revenue', 'homebuilding business', 'selling prices', 'first quarter', 'high inflation', 'intermediated business', 'recent months', 'coming months', 'homebuilding market', 'second quarter', 'unfavorable context', 'wider trends', 'extension offering', 'order book', 'second half', 'business line', 'historical norm', 'continued expansion', 'commercial court', 'press release', 'No upturn', 'construction costs', '1,905 housing units', 'high-quality homes', 'notarial deeds', 'other hand', 'new orders', '200 CAMIF Habitat', 'Total Revenue', 'same period', 'franchisee network', 'franchise network', 'existing network', 'Group expectations', 'last June', 'June 30th', 'Hexaom Group', 'change', 'Subtotal', 'track', 'basis', 'growth', 'commissions', 'activities', 'subsidiary', 'protection', 'everyone', 'industry', 'slowdown', 'backdrop', 'margins', 'volumes', 'advantage', 'value', 'number', 'hyperinflation', 'result', 'focus', 'stock', '220 lots', 'level', 'activity', 'Outlook', 'sector', 'date', '2023']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
29285,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/amsc-asa---funds-managed-by-maritime-partners-llc-agrees-to-acquire-us-jones-act-business-of-amsc-asa-301907250.html,AMSC ASA - FUNDS MANAGED BY MARITIME PARTNERS  LLC AGREES TO ACQUIRE U.S. JONES ACT BUSINESS OF AMSC ASA,"LYSAKER  NORWAY and NEW ORLEANS  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC today announced that AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisition"")  a newly-formed company owned and controlled by a fund managed by…","LYSAKER  NORWAY and NEW ORLEANS  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC today announced that AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisition"")  a newly-formed company owned and controlled by a fund managed by Maritime Partners  LLC  have signed a share purchase agreement (the ""SPA"") for PM Acquisition's purchase of American Tanker Holding Company  Inc. (the ""ATHC"")  a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMSC  (the ""Transaction""). ATHC  through its subsidiaries  owns nine handysize products tankers and one handysize shuttle tanker  all of which are on long-term bareboat charter to Overseas Shipholding Group Inc. (NYSE:OSG) or Keystone Shipping Co. and operated in the U.S. Jones Act market.AMSC will receive gross cash proceeds from the Transaction  subject to certain adjustments  of in an aggregate amount of US$ 249.3 million  divided between consideration for the shares in ATHC and repayment of a shareholder loan  reflecting an enterprise value of ATHC of US$ 746.7 million based on the balance sheet of ATHC as at March 31  2023. The parties expect the Transaction to close on or before October 31  2023.US-based Maritime Partners Reaches Deal with AMSC for $747M Acquisition Tweet thisAMSC's Board of Directors unanimously approved AMSC's entry into the SPA. The closing of the Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions  as well as the approval of the Transaction by the affirmative vote of 2/3 of AMSC's shareholders present and voting at an extraordinary general meeting of AMSC expected to be held during the second half of September 2023. Each of Aker Capital AS and DNB Bank ASA  the two largest AMSC shareholders (representing in aggregate approximately 34.61% of the issued and outstanding shares of AMSC)  has irrevocably and unconditionally agreed to vote all of its respective shares in favor of the Transaction.""We are thrilled to acquire AMSC's Jones Act business which is a natural fit for our platform and consistent with our investment strategy "" said Bick Brooks  the co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Maritime Partners  LLC. ""The acquired vessels are critical long-lived assets engaged in the transportation of non-discretionary cargo throughout the United States. The vessels are employed on long-term bareboat charters with two strong counterparties. This acquisition will nicely complement our existing lease portfolio by diversifying lessee exposure  asset exposure and end market exposure within the protected Jones Act markets. As we look to the future  we are excited about cultivating a lasting and growing partnership with our two new lessees  Overseas Shipholding Group and Keystone.""Pål Lothe Magnussen  CEO of AMSC commented that ""the management team at AMSC is pleased that a Maritime Partners managed fund  a leading Jones Act leasing company  is acquiring our Jones Act business. We believe this is the ideal new owner of this business for the next phase in the lifecycle of these assets. AMSC's ownership tenure has surpassed 18 years since the ships were ordered  during which significant financial profits have been created and provided to AMSC and its shareholders. We believe that the long remaining commercial life of the fleet in combination with strong bareboat charter contract cover in a strong market represents a good opportunity and point in time for us to reconsider capital allocation for AMSC and strategy going forward  and this transaction is a natural step in this process.""Pareto Securities AS has rendered a fairness opinion to the Board of AMSC concluding that the Transaction  from a financial point of view  is fair to AMSC. Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS and Blank Rome  LLP are acting as legal advisors to AMSC.Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is acting as financial advisor to the Buyer. Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS and Reed Smith LLP are acting as legal advisors to the Buyer. Ernst & Young LLP is acting as tax advisor to the Buyer.ContactsAMSC: Pål Lothe Magnussen  +47 90 54 59 59  [email protected]Maritime Partners: James Canafax  +1 504 264 5118  [email protected]About AMSCEstablished in 2005 and listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker AMSC)  AMSC is a ship owning company with nine modern handy size product tankers  one modern handy size shuttle tanker and one subsea construction vessel on bareboat charters with various counterparties. AMSC has a significant contract backlog  as well as profit sharing agreements  which offers visibility with respect to future earnings and potential dividend capacity. Following completion of the Transaction  the only remaining vessel of the group will be the subsea construction vessel Normand Maximus  which is chartered to a single purpose subsidiary of Solstad Offshore ASA.AMSC's ambition to pay attractive dividends to its shareholders remains after completion of the Transaction. Further information is available at www.amscasa.com.About Maritime PartnersMaritime Partners  LLC is a leading provider of maritime financing solutions  specializing in vessels that are used in the Jones Act trade. With a managed fleet of approximately 1 800 vessels in service  the company offers tailored leasing services to operators across the full spectrum of credit quality. A privately held company founded in 2015  Maritime Partners  LLC provides the assets that transport the commodities which represent the primary building blocks of the US domestic economy  including agricultural products  chemicals  aggregates  and refined petroleum products. The management team leverages more than 50 years of operational experience in chartering  asset management  shipbuilding  and financing across all marine asset classes. Further information is available at www.maritimepartnersllc.com .This information is considered to include inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 7 and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This stock exchange announcement was published by Morten Bakke  CFO  AMSC ASA  on August 22  2023 at 08:30 CET.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis communication is not an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  any securities  or the solicitation of a proxy  in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to whom  such offer  sale or solicitation is not authorized or would be unlawful.This communication contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and other statements  which are not statements of historical facts. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans""  ""will be"" and similar expressions. You are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AMSC and Maritime Partners  and that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements contained herein. The forward-looking statements in this communication speak only as of the date hereof and  other than as may be required by applicable law  neither AMSC nor Maritime Partners undertakes any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.SOURCE Maritime Partners  LLC",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['U.S. JONES ACT BUSINESS', 'AMSC ASA', 'MARITIME PARTNERS', 'FUNDS', 'LLC', 'nine modern handy size product tankers', 'one modern handy size shuttle tanker', 'U.S. Jones Act market', 'strong bareboat charter contract cover', 'leading Jones Act leasing company', 'one handysize shuttle tanker', 'nine handysize products tankers', 'protected Jones Act markets', 'Pål Lothe Magnussen', 'Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange', 'American Tanker Holding Company', 'Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS', 'long remaining commercial life', 'Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.', 'one subsea construction vessel', 'Overseas Shipholding Group Inc.', 'Project Merchant Acquisition LLC', 'Maritime Partners Maritime Partners', 'Jones Act business', 'long-term bareboat charter', 'two largest AMSC shareholders', 'significant contract backlog', 'Pareto Securities AS', 'Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS', 'two strong counterparties', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'gross cash proceeds', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'existing lease portfolio', 'two new lessees', 'profit sharing agreements', 'potential dividend capacity', 'Aker Capital AS', 'end market exposure', 'ideal new owner', 'Solstad Offshore ASA', 'maritime financing solutions', 'single purpose subsidiary', 'significant financial profits', 'US-based Maritime Partners', 'share purchase agreement', 'Keystone Shipping Co.', 'critical long-lived assets', 'Reed Smith LLP', 'strong market', 'remaining vessel', 'bareboat charters', 'leading provider', 'NEW ORLEANS', 'owned subsidiary', 'capital allocation', 'various counterparties', 'lessee exposure', 'asset exposure', 'financial advisor', 'PM Acquisition', '$747M Acquisition', 'shareholder loan', 'enterprise value', 'balance sheet', 'customary conditions', 'second half', 'natural fit', 'Bick Brooks', 'discretionary cargo', 'United States', 'growing partnership', 'management team', 'next phase', 'ownership tenure', 'good opportunity', 'natural step', 'fairness opinion', 'Blank Rome', 'legal advisors', 'Young LLP', 'tax advisor', 'James Canafax', 'Normand Maximus', 'attractive dividends', 'Further information', 'financial point', 'AMSC ASA', 'outstanding shares', 'respective shares', 'aggregate amount', 'investment strategy', 'future earnings', 'LYSAKER', 'NORWAY', 'Aug.', 'fund', 'SPA', 'ATHC', 'Transaction', 'subsidiaries', 'NYSE', 'OSG', 'adjustments', 'consideration', 'repayment', 'March', 'October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'entry', 'closing', 'satisfaction', 'approval', 'vote', '2/3', 'September', 'favor', 'platform', 'founder', 'vessels', 'transportation', 'lasting', 'CEO', 'lifecycle', 'years', 'ships', 'fleet', 'combination', 'process', 'view', 'Buyer', 'Ernst', 'Contacts', 'ticker', 'visibility', 'completion', 'ambition']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,prnewswire.com
29286,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/amsc-asa---sale-of-the-us-jones-act-activities-to-a-fund-managed-by-maritime-partners-llc-301906454.html,AMSC ASA - SALE OF THE U.S. JONES ACT ACTIVITIES TO A FUND MANAGED BY MARITIME PARTNERS  LLC,"LYSAKER  Norway  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the joint announcement made by AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC. (""Maritime Partners"") today regarding the signing by AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisitio…","LYSAKER  Norway  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the joint announcement made by AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC. (""Maritime Partners"") today regarding the signing by AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisition"")  a newly-formed company owned and controlled by a fund managed by Maritime Partners  of a share purchase agreement (the ""SPA"") for PM Acquisition's purchase of American Tanker Holding Company  Inc. (""ATHC"")  a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMSC (the ""Transaction"").Pål Lothe Magnussen  CEO of AMSC commented that ""the management team at AMSC is pleased that a Maritime Partners managed fund  a leading Jones Act leasing company  is acquiring our Jones Act business. We believe this is the ideal new owner of this business for the next phase in the lifecycle of these assets. AMSC's ownership tenure has surpassed 18 years since the ships were ordered  during which significant financial profits have been created and provided to AMSC and its shareholders. We believe that the long remaining commercial life of the fleet in combination with strong bareboat charter contract cover in a strong market represents a good opportunity and point in time for us to reconsider capital allocation for AMSC and strategy going forward  and this transaction is a natural step in this process.""Key terms of the TransactionATHC  directly or indirectly  owns all shares in each of American Shipping Corporation  American Tanker  Inc.  ASC Leasing I  Inc  ASC Leasing II  Inc  ASC Leasing III  Inc  ASC Leasing IV  Inc ASC Leasing V  Inc  ASC Leasing VI  Inc and ASC Leasing VII  Inc  ASC Leasing VIII  Inc  ASC Leasing IX  Inc and ASC Leasing X  Inc. The Transaction does accordingly comprise all of the ownership interests in AMSC group's ten vessels operating in the U.S. Jones Act market and related activities.AMSC will receive cash proceeds from the Transaction of in aggregate USD 249.3 million  divided between consideration for the shares in ATHC and repayment of a shareholder loan  reflecting an enterprise value of ATHC of USD 746.7 million based on the balance sheet of ATHC as at March 31  2023. The consideration represents a premium to current implied trading value of AMSC and a valuation of ATHC that is 2.4x book equity (based on year end 2022 book equity and including the shareholder loan) and EV/EBITDA (2022) ratio of 9.1x and P/E ratio of 19.8x (2022).Pursuant to the SPA  the purchase price for the shares will be adjusted for any deviation (positive or negative) between budgeted and actually incurred capex relating to a 15 year special survey for each of the MR tanker vessels Seakay Star and Seakay Valor  and certain other non-material planned capex items. The special survey for Seakay Valor was completed during the second quarter of 2023  and Seakay Star is scheduled to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2023.USD 246.3 million of the gross cash proceeds are payable to AMSC at completion of the Transaction  while the remaining USD 3 million (as adjusted  if relevant) is expected to be paid during the first quarter of 2024.Completion of the Transaction is subject to the approval of the Transaction by the AMSC general meeting with no less than a 2/3 majority of the shares and the votes represented at the general meeting  which also is in line with the recommendation in section 14 of the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance. Notice of an extraordinary general meeting to consider the Transaction (the ""EGM"") is expected to be sent to the AMSC shareholders on or about August 29  2023  and the EGM is expected to be held during the second half of September 2023. Completion is in addition conditional upon the fulfilment of certain customary conditions  including  inter alia  expiry or termination of the waiting period under the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act  no material breach of the SPA and absence of material adverse event.The main shareholders in AMSC  Aker Capital AS and DNB Bank ASA  holding in aggregate 34.61% of the shares and votes in AMSC  have irrevocably and unconditionally agreed to exercise all voting rights in respect of its respective shares in AMSC in favor of the Transaction.AMSC has given certain customary representations and warranties in respect of ATHC  its subsidiaries  financial position  tax matters  assets  rights  obligations  business and operations as at the date of signing of the SPA and as of completion of the Transaction. Any breach of fundamental warranties  such as ownership to shares in ATHC or a subsidiary  or warranties relating to tax matters can in general only be claimed by the Buyer under a W&I insurance taken out in connection with the Transaction  and AMSC may in practice only be liable if a breach of any such warranty is caused by wilful misconduct or fraud by AMSC. For breach of any other warranty  AMSC may  subject to certain customary limitations  be held liable up to an amount of USD 40 million for a period of 12 months following completion of the Transaction.Completion of the Transaction is expected to occur on or before October 31  2023. In the event completion has not occurred within December 22  2023  each party has a right to terminate the SPA  and accordingly abandon the Transaction  provided that the party wanting to terminate has not caused the delay  and further provided that the parties have discussed in good faith a potential extension of the said deadline prior to such termination.As security for any claims under the SPA  AMSC has undertaken  for a period of 12 months following completion of the Transaction  to maintain a minimum equity of USD 45 million.In respect of the Senior Unsecured USD 220 000 000 Callable Bond Issue 2020/2025 (ISIN NO 0010886328)  issued by American Tanker  Inc.  a fully owned subsidiary of ATHC  the intention is to call for a bondholder meeting to seek bondholders' approval for certain amendments to the bond terms.AMSC going forwardFollowing closing of the Transaction  the board of directors of AMSC intends to resolve paying an additional dividend of USD 170 million. The expected additional dividend equates to about NOK 25.1 per share assuming a NOK/USD exchange rate of 10.6. AMSC will retain the remaining cash proceeds from the Transaction to be used for general corporate purposes and equity for future investments in new projects.AMSC will continue to own the Normand Maximus on bareboat contract to a single purpose subsidiary of Solstad Offshore. This business unit generates an annual EBITDA of about USD 30 million and provides significant dividend capacity.AMSC will remain as a public company with shares listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange and continue to grow within the maritime ship owning and ship leasing market. Aker will remain as a key shareholder  and the existing management and board of directors will continue as is.AMSC will continue to seek attractive risk/reward projects offering flexible solutions to operators in the shipping and offshore markets  targeting medium term contracts with extension optionality  and preferably participating in future upside through profit sharing mechanisms.AMSC will continue to pay quarterly attractive dividends.Company ContactsPål Lothe Magnussen  +47 90 54 59 59  [email protected]About AMSCEstablished in 2005 and listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker AMSC)  AMSC is a ship owning company with nine modern handy size product tankers  one modern handy size shuttle tanker and one subsea construction vessel on bareboat charters with various counterparties. AMSC has a significant contract backlog  as well as profit sharing agreements  which offers visibility with respect to future earnings and potential dividend capacity. Following completion of the Transaction  the only remaining vessel of the group will be the subsea construction vessel Normand Maximus  which is chartered to a single purpose subsidiary of Solstad Offshore ASA.AMSC's ambition to pay attractive dividends to its shareholders remains after completion of the Transaction. Further information is available at www.amscasa.com.This information is considered to include inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 7 and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This stock exchange announcement was published by Morten Bakke  CFO  AMSC ASA  on August 22  2023 at 08:32 CET.This communication is not an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  any securities  or the solicitation of a proxy  in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to whom  such offer  sale or solicitation is not authorized or would be unlawful.SOURCE AMSC ASA",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.24,0.27,True,English,"['U.S. JONES ACT ACTIVITIES', 'AMSC ASA', 'FUND MANAGED', 'MARITIME PARTNERS', 'SALE', 'THE', 'U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'U.S. Jones Act market', 'strong bareboat charter contract cover', 'other non-material planned capex items', 'leading Jones Act leasing company', 'Pål Lothe Magnussen', 'long remaining commercial life', 'current implied trading value', 'year end 2022 book equity', 'American Tanker Holding Company', 'Project Merchant Acquisition LLC', 'Jones Act business', '2.4x book equity', 'ASC Leasing I', 'ASC Leasing V', 'ASC Leasing X', 'ideal new owner', 'American Shipping Corporation', 'W&I insurance', 'significant financial profits', '15 year special survey', 'MR tanker vessels', 'material adverse event', 'Aker Capital AS', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'share purchase agreement', 'gross cash proceeds', 'strong market', 'AMSC general meeting', 'enterprise value', 'other warranty', 'PM Acquisition', 'capital allocation', 'ten vessels', 'financial position', 'joint announcement', 'Maritime Partners', 'management team', 'next phase', 'good opportunity', 'natural step', 'Key terms', 'related activities', 'shareholder loan', 'balance sheet', 'P/E ratio', 'purchase price', 'Seakay Star', 'Seakay Valor', 'second quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'first quarter', '2/3 majority', 'Norwegian Code', 'Corporate Governance', 'second half', 'customary conditions', 'customary representations', 'tax matters', 'wilful misconduct', 'customary limitations', 'material breach', 'AMSC ASA', 'ownership tenure', 'ownership interests', 'main shareholders', 'owned subsidiary', 'waiting period', 'voting rights', 'fundamental warranties', 'AMSC group', 'respective shares', 'AMSC shareholders', 'LYSAKER', 'Norway', 'Aug.', 'Reference', 'signing', 'SPA', 'ATHC', 'Transaction', 'CEO', 'lifecycle', 'assets', 'years', 'ships', 'fleet', 'combination', 'point', 'strategy', 'process', 'Inc', 'aggregate', 'consideration', 'repayment', 'March', 'premium', 'EV/EBITDA', 'deviation', 'completion', 'approval', 'less', 'votes', 'line', 'recommendation', 'section', 'Practice', 'Notice', 'EGM', 'August', 'September', 'fulfilment', 'expiry', 'termination', 'absence', 'favor', 'subsidiaries', 'obligations', 'operations', 'date', 'Buyer', 'connection', 'fraud', 'amount', '12 months', '9.']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,prnewswire.com
29287,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/amsc-asa---funds-managed-by-maritime-partners-llc-agrees-to-acquire-us-jones-act-business-of-amsc-asa-301906459.html,AMSC ASA - FUNDS MANAGED BY MARITIME PARTNERS  LLC AGREES TO ACQUIRE U.S. JONES ACT BUSINESS OF AMSC ASA,"LYSAKER  Norway and NEW ORLEANS  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC today announced that AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisition"")  a newly-formed company owned and controlled by a fund managed by…","LYSAKER  Norway and NEW ORLEANS  Aug. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- AMSC ASA (""AMSC"") and Maritime Partners  LLC today announced that AMSC and Project Merchant Acquisition LLC (the ""PM Acquisition"")  a newly-formed company owned and controlled by a fund managed by Maritime Partners  LLC  have signed a share purchase agreement (the ""SPA"") for PM Acquisition's purchase of American Tanker Holding Company  Inc. (the ""ATHC"")  a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMSC  (the ""Transaction""). ATHC  through its subsidiaries  owns nine handysize products tankers and one handysize shuttle tanker  all of which are on long-term bareboat charter to Overseas Shipholding Group Inc. (NYSE:OSG) or Keystone Shipping Co. and operated in the U.S. Jones Act market.AMSC will receive gross cash proceeds from the Transaction  subject to certain adjustments  of in an aggregate amount of US$ 249.3 million  divided between consideration for the shares in ATHC and repayment of a shareholder loan  reflecting an enterprise value of ATHC of US$ 746.7 million based on the balance sheet of ATHC as at March 31  2023. The parties expect the Transaction to close on or before October 31  2023.AMSC's Board of Directors unanimously approved AMSC's entry into the SPA. The closing of the Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions  as well as the approval of the Transaction by the affirmative vote of 2/3 of AMSC's shareholders present and voting at an extraordinary general meeting of AMSC expected to be held during the second half of September 2023. Each of Aker Capital AS and DNB Bank ASA  the two largest AMSC shareholders (representing in aggregate approximately 34.61% of the issued and outstanding shares of AMSC)  has irrevocably and unconditionally agreed to vote all of its respective shares in favor of the Transaction.""We are thrilled to acquire AMSC's Jones Act business which is a natural fit for our platform and consistent with our investment strategy "" said Bick Brooks  the co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Maritime Partners  LLC. ""The acquired vessels are critical long-lived assets engaged in the transportation of non-discretionary cargo throughout the United States. The vessels are employed on long-term bareboat charters with two strong counterparties. This acquisition will nicely complement our existing lease portfolio by diversifying lessee exposure  asset exposure and end market exposure within the protected Jones Act markets. As we look to the future  we are excited about cultivating a lasting and growing partnership with our two new lessees  Overseas Shipholding Group and Keystone.""Pål Lothe Magnussen  CEO of AMSC commented that ""the management team at AMSC is pleased that a Maritime Partners managed fund  a leading Jones Act leasing company  is acquiring our Jones Act business. We believe this is the ideal new owner of this business for the next phase in the lifecycle of these assets. AMSC's ownership tenure has surpassed 18 years since the ships were ordered  during which significant financial profits have been created and provided to AMSC and its shareholders. We believe that the long remaining commercial life of the fleet in combination with strong bareboat charter contract cover in a strong market represents a good opportunity and point in time for us to reconsider capital allocation for AMSC and strategy going forward  and this transaction is a natural step in this process.""Pareto Securities AS has rendered a fairness opinion to the Board of AMSC concluding that the Transaction  from a financial point of view  is fair to AMSC. Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS and Blank Rome  LLP are acting as legal advisors to AMSC.Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is acting as financial advisor to the Buyer. Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS and Reed Smith LLP are acting as legal advisors to the Buyer. Ernst & Young LLP is acting as tax advisor to the Buyer.ContactsAMSC: Pål Lothe Magnussen  +47 90 54 59 59  [email protected]Maritime Partners: James Canafax  +1 504 264 5118  [email protected]About AMSCEstablished in 2005 and listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker: AMSC)  AMSC is a ship owning company with nine modern handy size product tankers  one modern handy size shuttle tanker and one subsea construction vessel on bareboat charters with various counterparties. AMSC has a significant contract backlog  as well as profit sharing agreements  which offers visibility with respect to future earnings and potential dividend capacity. Following completion of the Transaction  the only remaining vessel of the group will be the subsea construction vessel Normand Maximus  which is chartered to a single purpose subsidiary of Solstad Offshore ASA.AMSC's ambition to pay attractive dividends to its shareholders remains after completion of the Transaction. Further information is available at www.amscasa.com.About Maritime PartnersMaritime Partners  LLC is a leading provider of maritime financing solutions  specializing in vessels that are used in the Jones Act trade. With a managed fleet of approximately 1 800 vessels in service  the company offers tailored leasing services to operators across the full spectrum of credit quality. A privately held company founded in 2015  Maritime Partners  LLC provides the assets that transport the commodities which represent the primary building blocks of the US domestic economy  including agricultural products  chemicals  aggregates  and refined petroleum products. The management team leverages more than 50 years of operational experience in chartering  asset management  shipbuilding  and financing across all marine asset classes. Further information is available at www.maritimepartnersllc.com.This information is considered to include inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 7 and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This stock exchange announcement was published by Morten Bakke  CFO  AMSC ASA  on August 22  2023 at 08:30 CET.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis communication is not an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  any securities  or the solicitation of a proxy  in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to whom  such offer  sale or solicitation is not authorized or would be unlawful.This communication contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and other statements  which are not statements of historical facts. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans""  ""will be"" and similar expressions. You are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AMSC and Maritime Partners  and that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements contained herein. The forward-looking statements in this communication speak only as of the date hereof and  other than as may be required by applicable law  neither AMSC nor Maritime Partners undertakes any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.SOURCE AMSC ASA",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.24,0.09,True,English,"['U.S. JONES ACT BUSINESS', 'AMSC ASA', 'MARITIME PARTNERS', 'FUNDS', 'LLC', 'nine modern handy size product tankers', 'one modern handy size shuttle tanker', 'U.S. Jones Act market', 'strong bareboat charter contract cover', 'leading Jones Act leasing company', 'one handysize shuttle tanker', 'nine handysize products tankers', 'Pål Lothe Magnussen', 'Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange', 'American Tanker Holding Company', 'Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS', 'long remaining commercial life', 'Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.', 'one subsea construction vessel', 'Overseas Shipholding Group Inc.', 'Project Merchant Acquisition LLC', 'Maritime Partners Maritime Partners', 'Jones Act markets', 'Jones Act trade', 'long-term bareboat charter', 'two largest AMSC shareholders', 'significant contract backlog', 'Pareto Securities AS', 'Jones Act business', 'Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS', 'two strong counterparties', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'gross cash proceeds', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'existing lease portfolio', 'two new lessees', 'profit sharing agreements', 'potential dividend capacity', 'Aker Capital AS', 'end market exposure', 'ideal new owner', 'Solstad Offshore ASA', 'maritime financing solutions', 'single purpose subsidiary', 'significant financial profits', 'share purchase agreement', 'Keystone Shipping Co.', 'critical long-lived assets', 'Reed Smith LLP', 'strong market', 'remaining vessel', 'bareboat charters', 'leading provider', 'NEW ORLEANS', 'owned subsidiary', 'capital allocation', 'various counterparties', 'lessee exposure', 'asset exposure', 'financial advisor', 'PM Acquisition', 'shareholder loan', 'enterprise value', 'balance sheet', 'customary conditions', 'second half', 'natural fit', 'Bick Brooks', 'discretionary cargo', 'United States', 'growing partnership', 'management team', 'next phase', 'ownership tenure', 'good opportunity', 'natural step', 'fairness opinion', 'Blank Rome', 'legal advisors', 'Young LLP', 'tax advisor', 'James Canafax', 'Normand Maximus', 'attractive dividends', 'Further information', 'financial point', 'AMSC ASA', 'outstanding shares', 'respective shares', 'aggregate amount', 'investment strategy', 'future earnings', 'managed fleet', 'LYSAKER', 'Norway', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'fund', 'SPA', 'ATHC', 'Transaction', 'subsidiaries', 'NYSE', 'OSG', 'adjustments', 'consideration', 'repayment', 'March', 'October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'entry', 'closing', 'satisfaction', 'approval', 'vote', '2/3', 'September', 'favor', 'platform', 'founder', 'vessels', 'transportation', 'lasting', 'CEO', 'lifecycle', 'years', 'ships', 'combination', 'process', 'view', 'Buyer', 'Ernst', 'Contacts', 'ticker', 'visibility', 'completion', 'ambition', 'amscasa', 'service']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,prnewswire.com
29288,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COTY-INC-13396702/news/Coty-Delivers-Outstanding-FY23-Results-44668169/,Coty Delivers Outstanding FY23 Results,(marketscreener.com) Very Strong Sales Growth in Both Divisions in Q4 and FY23  Ahead of ExpectationsContinued Gross and Operating Margin ExpansionFY24 Sales Growth Outlook At Top of Mid Term Target Range  Coupled with Margin ExpansionContinues to Target …,"Very Strong Sales Growth in Both Divisions in Q4 and FY23  Ahead of Expectations Continued Gross and Operating Margin Expansion FY24 Sales Growth Outlook At Top of Mid Term Target Range  Coupled with Margin Expansion Continues to Target Leverage Towards 3x Exiting CY23 and ~2.5x Exiting CY24 Fully on Track With Medium Term Growth AlgorithmCoty Inc. (NYSE: COTY) (""Coty"" or ""the Company"") today announced its results for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023  ended June 30  2023. The Company delivered its twelfth consecutive quarter of results in-line to ahead of expectations  while consistently executing across its strategic growth pillars.Coty's strong Q4 performance  with double digit growth in both sales and profits  came in ahead of expectations and recently raised guidance. Q4 reported sales increased 16% or 17% on a LFL basis  ahead of its recently raised guidance of 12-15% LFL growth in Q4. This concluded a very strong year for the Company  with FY23 reported sales growth of 5%  which includes approximately 2% of negative impact from the Russia business exit  and core LFL sales growth of 12%. This strong FY23 core LFL growth exceeded its recent target of 9-10% core LFL sales growth and is well ahead of the underlying beauty market  putting Coty amongst the best in its competitive set.Coty's sales were driven by consistent momentum in both divisions  supported by strong global beauty demand across categories  geographies and channels. Importantly  core LFL growth for both Q4 and FY23 included low single digit volume growth and approximately 10% benefit from price & mix.Prestige segment led during the quarter  with both reported and LFL sales growth of 21% versus the prior year. For FY23  the Prestige segment grew 5% as reported while core LFL revenues grew a robust 13%. The momentum in the fragrance category remained in full effect  with the prestige fragrance market growing over 10% in both Q4 and for the full year. Coty's prestige fragrance revenues outperformed the market  growing over 20% in Q4 and a low teens percentage in FY23 on a core LFL basis. Importantly  this strong performance in Coty's fragrance portfolio remained broad-based  with all its top brands growing double digits LFL in FY23. Coty once again delivered industry-leading innovations during the year  including Burberry Hero EDP and Burberry Her Elixir  Hugo Boss Parfum and Gucci Flora Gorgeous Jasmine  while the Chloe Atelier des Fleurs line continued to excel in the ultra- premium fragrance segment in Asia. The Company continued to strengthen the foundation of its fragrance portfolio during FY23  through the extension of the Hugo Boss  Davidoff and Jil Sander licenses  together with the expansion and extension of the Marc Jacobs license  which now includes plans to launch a prestige cosmetics line.In spring 2023 Coty kicked off its prestige skincare acceleration strategy  with new launches and strong in-market activations behind Lancaster and philosophy. These initiatives saw very positive early results  with revenues for both Lancaster and philosophy up double digit percentages in Q4. Revenues for Coty's prestige cosmetics were pressured in the early part of the year by the Chinese lockdowns  but rebounded strongly in Q4 with over 25% LFL growth.Consumer Beauty revenue rose 9% as reported in Q4  with core LFL growth of 10%  driven by strong growth across all categories. For FY23  Consumer Beauty grew 5% as reported  while core LFL revenues grew 11%  including high single digit to double digit LFL growth across the majority of Coty's leading brands. In FY23  Coty continued to lean into the market-leading trends of clean beauty with the launches of CoverGirl's Clean Fresh Yummy Gloss  adidas' Active Skin & Mind range  and Bourjois' Healthy Mix foundation  as well as into skinified beauty with the launches of Max Factor's Miracle Pure foundation and the extension of the CoverGirl Simply Ageless line.Geographically  all regions contributed to the Company's growth in Q4 and FY23. For the year  Americas grew 9% as reported and 10% LFL  EMEA grew 1% and 13% on a core LFL basis  and Asia Pacific grew 7% as reported and 13% LFL.Coty continued to deliver on its targeted gross margin expansion  despite the elevated COGS inflation. In Q4  reported gross margins increased by 110 bps YoY to 62.9%  while adjusted gross margin grew 70 bps YoY to 62.8%. For FY23  Coty delivered a reported and adjusted gross margin of 63.9%  reflecting a 40 bps increase YoY on a reported basis and a 20 bps increase on an adjusted basis. Coty's Q4 gross margin improvement was driven by the benefit from pricing and its revenue management efforts  as well as supply chain savings.Coty's profits grew significantly in both Q4 and FY23. The Company delivered Q4 reported operating income of $129.0 million  with 61% growth in the adjusted operating income to $105.1 million and 25% growth in the adjusted EBITDA to $165.4 million. For FY23  reported operating income more than doubled to $543.7 million  adjusted operating income grew 20% to $738.8 million  and adjusted EBITDA grew 7% to $972.8 million. The strong adjusted EBITDA performance exceeded the Company's recently raised adjusted EBITDA guidance of $965-970M and EBITDA guidance at the start of the year  despite incurring over $70 million of negative FX impact on adjusted EBITDA in FY23. Coty's reported FY23 EPS of $0.57 grew by 7x YoY and the adjusted EPS nearly doubled to $0.53  driven by a non-operating EPS benefit of $0.15 from the mark-to-market on the equity swap and a $0.10 underlying EPS expansion  primarily reflecting operational improvements.Financial Net Debt at the end of Q4 remained relatively stable at $4.0 billion sequentially and improved by $0.3B versus the prior year through Coty's active deleveraging efforts  including free cash flow generation of $402.9 million. As a result  Coty's Q4 financial leverage ratio of 4.1x improved significantly from 4.7x at the end of FY22 and 4.4x at the end of Q3. During the year  Coty received multiple upgrades from the leading rating agencies  reflecting its strong progress in strengthening its balance sheet. At the end of Q4  the value of Coty's retained 25.9% Wella stake totaled $1.06 billion. As part of Coty's expectation to divest its Wella stake by end of CY25  in July 2023 the Company entered a binding Letter of Intent to sell 3.6% of its Wella stake to IGF Wealth Management for $150 million  subject to customary closing conditions including consent by KKR.Commenting on the operating results  Sue Y. Nabi  Coty's CEO  said:""Today's FY23 results mark the third consecutive year that Coty has delivered strong financial  operational and strategic performance  and the twelfth consecutive quarter of results inline to ahead of expectations. We are incredibly proud of the focus and agility that we see across the whole Coty organization as we continue to amplify our strengths  adjust to evolving market conditions  and capture new opportunities  all of which has enabled us to deliver results which are again amongst the best in our competitive set.In the midst of on-going macroeconomic uncertainty  beauty demand remains resilient across our key categories and geographies  with no signs of tradedown  while the 'fragrance index' we have been discussing for over a year shows no sign of slowing. In fact  the beauty category continues to be a standout in key markets like the U.S.  as the only category amongst all CPG and general merchandise categories to grow volumes in the last six months  speaking to the beauty industry's ability to meet consumers' emotional needs.Against this favorable backdrop  the white space opportunities in front of Coty are immense. In our core prestige fragrance business  we have historically been the leader in the male fragrance category  but have ample room to improve our position in the much bigger female fragrance category which is roughly double the size of male fragrances and where we are currently in the Top 3.A key milestone in this strategic ambition is our newly launched Burberry Goddess female fragrance  which is now appearing across global distribution. We believe the combination of the unique and sophisticated scent of vanilla accords  the strong momentum of the Burberry fashion brand  the beautiful and refillable packaging  and the associated story of female empowerment  position Burberry Goddess to be a blockbuster launch this year  further advancing Coty's position in female fragrances. The early results for this launch are spectacular  with Burberry Goddess already a Top 3 fragrance at leading global airports  with sell-out significantly higher than our recent blockbuster fragrance launches.At the same time  we are actively strengthening our positioning in the smaller but rapidly growing ultra-premium fragrance category. Whether it's through our Chloe Atelier des Fleurs collection whose sales have grown by 5x versus two years ago and are on track to accelerate further as we rapidly expand our global distribution  or through the upcoming launch of our internally developed Infiniment Coty Paris fragrance brand  we are seizing this white space opportunity.Underpinning the strong foundations of our fragrance business is the extension of our license portfolio  with the average remaining duration of our Top 7 prestige brands now averaging 13 years. The renewal and extension this past year of multiple key licenses  including Hugo Boss  Marc Jacobs  Davidoff  and Jil Sander  reaffirms Coty’s position as a go-to partner for global fashion houses. I am particularly excited about the expansion of our partnership with Marc Jacobs to include the creation of a new makeup line  as I believe the brand is perfectly positioned between couture and indie  and will become a great and differentiated addition to our Prestige Cosmetics portfolio.In parallel  we have recently embarked on our third strategic pillar  accelerating our skincare portfolio  led by our prestige skincare brands. With Lancaster and philosophy leading this effort  through a combination of new launches  revamped in-store and online merchandising  and new brand communications  I am very encouraged to see that revenues for both brands increased by a double digit percentage in Q4. As we pursue our ambition to double our skincare revenues in the next few years  we will continue to strengthen our organizational capabilities  including step-changing our R&D investments in this area.In Consumer Beauty  having repositioned our key brands  established meaningful and on-brand communications  and revamped the innovation pipeline for each  the next phase of our strategy is to fully capitalize on the Gen Z opportunity. We have successfully begun to harness the power of social media influencers and natural advocacy  with launches such as CoverGirl Clean Fresh Yummy Gloss and Rimmel Kind & Free going viral on TikTok. As we enter FY24  we will further embrace the full power and reach of social media to drive our brands and build stronger community engagement  fully keeping in step with the evolution of the market and with Gen Z habits. The strength of our Consumer Beauty portfolio was further reinforced by our recently announced strengthened and long-standing partnership with adidas  which is perfectly positioned to capitalize on the new well-being and athleisure trend in beauty.Finally  on sustainability  in addition to receiving external validation for our climate targets from the Science Based Target Initiative  FY23 included a number of industry firsts for Coty; such as  integrating carbon-captured ethanol into a growing percentage of our fragrance portfolio  introducing gender neutral parental leave  and reaching gender pay equity as of October 2022. We aim to build on these achievements with further advances in FY24 and beyond.Beyond our core portfolio  we are progressing on our broader financial strategy. The agreement to sell a portion of our retained Wella stake is a concrete step in our commitment to both fully divest our retained Wella stake and reach leverage towards 3x exiting CY23 and approximately 2x exiting CY25. Our continuous focus on identifying further productivity opportunities is now fueling over a $10 million increase in our FY24 savings target to over $100 million  which will support both organizational reinvestment and profit growth.In sum  Coty is successfully executing on the strategy we laid out 3 years ago. We are delivering a best in class medium term growth algorithm  including a mid-20s % EPS CAGR  active deleveraging  and targeted capital returns  as we propel our growth story and strengthen our position as a beauty powerhouse.""*Adjusted financial metrics used in this release are non-GAAP. See reconciliations of GAAP results to Adjusted results in the accompanying tables.Highlights4Q23 net revenues increased 16% as reported and 17% LFL  driven by strong double-digit LFL growth in both Prestige and Consumer Beauty. For FY23  net revenues increased 5% as reported  with core LFL revenues up 12%.Reported operating income totaled $129.0 million in 4Q23 and FY23 reported operating income was $543.7 million  up roughly $303 million YoY.4Q23 adjusted operating income increased 61% to $105.1 million from $65.1 million in the prior year  while FY23 adjusted operating income expanded 20% YoY to $738.8 million  driving a significant 170 bps increase in the adjusted operating margin to 13.3%.4Q23 adjusted EBITDA was $165.4 million  up roughly 25% YoY  while FY23 adjusted EBITDA was $972.8 million  ahead of guidance  and up 7% YoY  fueling a 40 bps increase in the adjusted EBITDA margin to 17.5%.4Q23 reported EPS was $0.03 and FY23 reported EPS was $0.57.4Q23 adjusted EPS of $0.01  improved from $(0.01) last year  driven by profit growth.FY23 Adjusted EPS of $0.53 increased 89% from $0.28 in the prior year  driven by a non-operating EPS benefit of $0.15 from the mark-to-market on the equity swap and a $0.10 underlying EPS expansion primarily reflecting operational improvements.Savings totaled approximately $50 million in Q4 and approximately $180 million in FY23  ahead of prior guidance of $170 million in FY23. Coty now targets savings of over $100 million in FY24  ahead of prior target of approximately $90 million  and reaffirms a savings target of approximately $75 million in FY25.4Q23 free cash flow was $38.1 million. FY23 free cash flow totaled $402.9 million.Financial Net Debt was $4.0 billion and Economic Net Debt totaled $3.0 billion at quarter end  resulting in financial leverage of approximately 4.1x.As part of Coty's expectation to divest its Wella stake by end of CY25  in July 2023 the Company entered a binding Letter of Intent to sell 3.6% of its Wella stake to IGF Wealth Management for $150 million  subject to customary closing conditions including consent by KKR.OutlookEntering FY24  the beauty market remains a strong and outperforming category  with ongoing premiumization trends. Coty is continuing to benefit from these positive trends  with momentum across its core categories  a strong innovation pipeline  and early wins in key white spaces. The combination of these factors are fueling the Company's expectations for FY24 for the core business to grow at the top of Coty's medium term target range of 6-8% LFL. Reported FY24 revenues are expected to include neutral to 2% benefit from FX  primarily in first half of FY24  and a 1-2% scope headwind from the divestiture of the Lacoste license  concentrated in the second half of FY24.Coty is targeting FY24 adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 10-30bps  with similar performance in 1H24 and 2H24  implying FY24 adjusted EBITDA of $1 065-1 075M based on current FX rates and inclusive of the profit headwind from the divestiture of the Lacoste license. Within this outlook  Coty expects modest FY24 gross margin expansion year on year  with some negative phasing impacts in 1H24  followed by strong improvement in 2H24. Coty targets total FY24 adjusted EPS  excluding equity swap  of $0.44-0.47  implying strong +16-25% YoY growth.Finally  the Company continues to target further reduction in leverage toward ~3x exiting CY23  ~2.5x exiting CY24 and ~2x exiting CY25.Financial ResultsRefer to “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures used in this release; reconciliations from reported to adjusted results can be found at the end of this release.Revenues:4Q23 reported net revenues of $1 351.6 million increased 16% year-over-year  including a negative foreign exchange (FX) impact of 1%. LFL revenue increased 17%  driven by a 21% LFL increase in Prestige and an 10% increase in Consumer Beauty.FY23 reported net revenues of $5 554.1 million increased 5% year-over-year  including a negative FX impact of 5%. Core LFL revenue increased 12%  driven by core LFL increases in Prestige of 13% and Consumer Beauty of 11%. The full year negative impact on the business from the Russia exit was approximately 220 bps.Gross Margin:4Q23 reported gross margin of 62.9% increased from 61.8% in the prior-year period  while adjusted gross margin of 62.8% increased from 62.1% last year. The 70 bps adjusted gross margin increase was mainly driven by pricing execution  mix management and supply chain productivity  partially offset by COGS inflation and negative FX impacts.FY23 reported gross margin of 63.9% increased from 63.5%  while adjusted gross margin of 63.9% increased 20 bps from 63.7% in the prior year. The increase was driven by pricing execution and supply chain productivity partially offset by COGS inflation and negative FX impacts.Operating Income and EBITDA:4Q23 reported operating income of $129.0 million improved significantly from a reported operating loss of $77.4 million in the prior year primarily due to higher gross profit in the current year as well as non-recurring impairment charges and costs related to the exit from Russia  which impacted the prior year.4Q23 adjusted operating income of $105.1 million rose 61% from $65.1 million in the prior year  driven by higher gross profit and a $7.0 million reduction in depreciation expense. The adjusted EBITDA of $165.4 million  up 25% from the prior year  due to higher sales and gross profit partially offset by higher A&CP. For 4Q23  the adjusted operating margin was 7.8%  reflecting 220 bps of margin expansion YoY. The adjusted EBITDA margin was 12.2%  up 90 bps YoY.FY23 reported operating income of $543.7 million increased from $240.9 million due to higher sales and gross profit and a reduction in stock-based compensation in the current year as well as non-recurring impairment charges and costs related to the exit of Russia  which impacted the prior year. FY23 adjusted operating income increased 20% to $738.8 million  with a margin of 13.3% improving 170 bps YoY  while the adjusted EBITDA totaled $972.8 million  up 7% YoY  reflecting a 40 bps increase in the adjusted operating margin to 17.5%.Net Income:4Q23 reported net income of $29.6 million improved from a net loss of $286.0 million in the prior year  primarily due to the aforementioned increase in reported operating income and an increase in the fair value of Wella.The 4Q23 adjusted net income of $5.2 million increased from adjusted net loss of $5.7 million in the prior year period  primarily due higher adjusted operating income and a benefit from a change in Wella's fair value.FY23 reported net income of $495.0 million compared to net income of $55.5 million in the prior year. FY23 adjusted net income of $457.9 million increased from $232.1 million in the prior year  reflecting improved underlying net income and the benefit from the mark-to-market on the equity swap.Earnings Per Share (EPS) - diluted:4Q23 reported earnings per share of $0.03 improved from a reported loss per share of $(0.34) in the prior year due to the increase in reported net income.4Q23 adjusted EPS of $0.01 improved from $(0.01) in the prior year.FY23 reported earnings per share of $0.57 rose from $0.07 in the prior year.FY23 adjusted EPS of $0.53 increased 89% from $0.28 in the prior year driven by a $0.15 benefit from the mark-to-market on the equity swap and a $0.10 net profit improvement.Operating Cash Flow:4Q23 cash from operations totaling $104.9 million increased from cash outflow of $32.9 million in the prior-year period. FY23 cash flow from operations was $625.7 million  a decrease of $100.9 million from the prior year.4Q23 free cash inflow of $38.1 million increased from a free cash outflow of $74.0 million in the prior year driven by a $137.8 million increase in operating cash flow  partially offset by a $25.7 million increase in capex. FY23 free cash flow of $402.9 million decreased by $149.6 million from the prior year  as the FY22 free cash flow was boosted by one-time TSA and working capital benefits.Financial Net Debt:Financial Net Debt of $4 034.7 million on June 30  2023  decreased by $64.3 million from the March 31  2023 period  driven by the impact of fourth quarter cash used for operating activities.Fourth Quarter Business Review by SegmentPrestigeIn 4Q23  Prestige net revenues of $799.6 million or 59% of Coty sales  increased by 21% on a reported basis versus the prior year. On a LFL basis  Prestige net revenues delivered robust growth of 21%  driven by strong double-digit growth in nearly all markets  with particular strength across Asia Pacific  Travel Retail and Europe. For FY23  Prestige net revenues of $3 420.5 million rose 5% as reported from the prior year and increased 13% on a core LFL basis. The full year negative impact on the Prestige business from the Russia exit was approximately 260 bps.During Q4  the Prestige fragrance category continued to see strong growth across North America and Europe  with nearly all major markets generating double-digit growth. Coty's Prestige fragrance revenue grew over 20% in Q4  maintaining momentum driven by strong demand and ongoing premiumization. Global Travel Retail trends were very robust across all regions with growth of over 30% LFL in Q4 and FY23  supported by the continued recovery of international travel and Coty's expansion in the channel. At the same time  Coty's service levels continued to improve during the quarter driven by successful progress around qualifying additional suppliers and additional industry capacity coming online  which contributed to our very strong growth in the quarter. Importantly  Coty's recent innovations of Burberry Hero and Her  Gucci Flora Gorgeous Jasmine and Gorgeous Gardenia  Boss Bottled Parfum and Chloe Atelier des Fleurs continued to deliver very strong performances in FY23  reaching top ranks across key markets. The Prestige makeup category grew 25% in Q4 with China's reopening and impactful activations by Burberry and Gucci fueling momentum. Prestige skincare brands  Lancaster and philosophy  grew over 10% in Q4 after their recent successful launches.The Prestige segment generated a reported operating income of $46.4 million in 4Q23  compared to $9.7 million in the prior year. The 4Q23 adjusted operating income was $85.1 million  up from an adjusted operating income of $47.9 million in the prior year  driven by gross margin improvement  partially offset by higher A&CP expenses. Adjusted EBITDA for the Prestige segment rose to $112.7 million from $78.9 million in the prior year  with a margin of 14.1%. FY23 reported operating income of $483.7 million compared to $367.2 million in the prior year  while the adjusted operating income increased to $635.1 million from $530.1 million  with a 235 bps increase in the adjusted operating margin to 18.6%. The FY23 adjusted EBITDA rose 11% to $745.6 million with a margin of 21.8%.Consumer BeautyIn 4Q23  Consumer Beauty net revenues of $552.0 million  or 41% of Coty sales  increased by 9% as reported versus the prior year  which includes a 1.0% negative FX impact. On a core LFL basis  Consumer Beauty net revenues rose 10% led by very strong growth across all categories. Importantly  all regions generated LFL growth in the quarter  with particularly strong growth momentum in Brazil and Latin America. For FY23  Consumer Beauty sales of $2 133.6 million increased 5% and rose 11% on a core LFL basis. The full year negative impact on the Consumer Beauty business from the Russia exit was approximately 150 bps.In Q4  revenues grew in the high single-digits to double-digits across cosmetics  body care and mass fragrances. Coty saw strong momentum in Q4 and FY23 in most of its key brands  with double-digit LFL revenue growth across Rimmel  Bourjois  Risque  Monange  Bozzano and Paixao  driven primarily by impactful innovations and strong pricing execution across all markets.The Consumer Beauty business reported operating income was $10.0 million in 4Q23  up from reported operating loss of $24.8 million in the prior year. The 4Q23 adjusted operating income of $20.0 million increased from $17.2 million in the prior year. During the quarter  adjusted EBITDA declined slightly to $52.7 million from $53.5 million in the prior year  with a margin of 9.5%. FY23 reported operating income of $63.3 million compared to $9.5 million in the prior year  while adjusted operating income increased to $103.7 million from $85.4 million  with an approximately 70 bps increase in the adjusted operating margin to 4.9%. FY23 adjusted EBITDA decreased 4% to $227.2 million  with a margin of 10.6%.Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Business Review by RegionAmericasIn 4Q23  Americas net revenues of $567.9 million  or 42% of Coty sales  increased 11% as reported and 13% LFL. This was driven by strong growth in both Prestige and Consumer Beauty. In Prestige  performance was supported by double-digit LFL growth in all markets  with particularly strong momentum in Travel Retail  Canada and Latin America. In Consumer Beauty  all markets delivered solid growth with continued robust trends in Latin America and Brazil. The overall performance was also supported by continued strong performance during the quarter from Boss Bottled Parfum  Burberry Hero EDP and Gucci Gorgeous Gardenia on the Prestige side  and CoverGirl in Consumer Beauty. In FY23  Americas net revenue of $2 343.7 million  rose 9% as reported and 10% LFL.EMEAIn 4Q23  EMEA net revenues of $594.2 million  or 44% of Coty sales  increased 15% as reported and 13% LFL. The performance was driven by strong LFL growth in both Prestige and Consumer Beauty across most markets  with particularly strong momentum in regional Travel Retail and DACH in Prestige and France and MEA in Consumer Beauty. For FY23  EMEA net revenue of $2 504.5 million  increased 1% as reported and 13% on a core LFL basis.Asia PacificIn 4Q23  Asia Pacific net revenues of $189.5 million  or 14% of Coty sales  increased 34% as reported and 40% LFL. The performance was driven by strong LFL growth in both Prestige and Consumer Beauty. In Prestige  performance was supported by double-digit growth in key markets  with especially robust growth in China  Hainan and Japan. In Consumer Beauty  growth was driven by Australia and New Zealand  China and Japan. For FY23  Asia Pacific net revenue of $705.9 million  increased 7% as reported and 13% LFL.Noteworthy Company DevelopmentsOther noteworthy company developments include:On May 13  2023  on the eve of the Cannes Film Festival  Coty unveiled a new OmniPotent Concentrate serum by ultra-premium skincare brand Orveda and announced the forthcoming launch of Infiniment Coty Paris  the Company’s most ambitious fragrance project to date  a leading pioneer in the industry  fusing beauty  science and art.On July 6  2023  Coty hosted an investor conference in Paris. At the conference  Coty detailed how it is leveraging its European heritage and end-to-end capabilities to achieve strong and balanced growth  resulting in the company significantly increasing its Q4 FY23 revenue growth guidance.On July 14  2023  Coty announced that it successfully completed the refinancing of its existing $2.0 billion revolving credit facility. The over-subscribed refinancing extends maturity until July 2028 at the same terms to existing facilities and welcomes a strong group of top-tier existing and new creditors into our facilities.On July 18  2023  Coty announced that it entered into a binding letter of intent to sell a 3.6% stake in Wella stake to investment firm  IGF Wealth Management  for $150 million  subject to the completion of due diligence and KKR consent  reflecting a 4% premium to the book value of Wella as of March 31  2023. Coty will retain a 22.3% stake in Wella with an estimated valuation of approximately $900 million.On July 19  2023  Coty announced the offering and pricing of $750 million of 6.625% senior secured notes due 2030. Coty intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to fully repay its U.S. dollar-denominated loans outstanding under Coty’s existing senior secured “term B” credit facility due April 2025 and to repay a pro-rata portion of its Euro-denominated loans outstanding under the Term B Credit Facility.Conference CallCoty Inc. will issue pre-recorded remarks at approximately 7:20 AM (ET) today  August 22  2023 and will hold a live question and answer session beginning at 8:15 AM (ET). The pre-recorded remarks and live question and answer session will be available at http://investors.coty.com. The dial-in number for the live question and answer session is (800) 343-4136 in the U.S. or (203) 518-9765 internationally (conference passcode number: COTY4Q23).About Coty Inc.Founded in Paris in 1904  Coty is one of the world’s largest beauty companies with a portfolio of iconic brands across fragrance  color cosmetics  and skin and body care. Coty serves consumers around the world  selling prestige and mass market products in over 125 countries and territories. Coty and our brands empower people to express themselves freely  creating their own visions of beauty; and we are committed to protecting the planet. Learn more at coty.com or on LinkedIn and Instagram.Forward Looking StatementsCertain statements in this Earnings Release are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current views with respect to  among other things  strategic planning  targets and outlook for future reporting periods (including the extent and timing of revenue  expense and profit trends and changes in operating cash flows and cash flows from operating activities and investing activities)  the wind down of the Company’s operations in Russia (including timing and expected impact)  the Company’s future operations and strategy (including the expected implementation and related impact of its strategic priorities)  ongoing and future cost efficiency  optimization and restructuring initiatives and programs  expectations of the impact of inflationary pressures and the timing  magnitude and impact of pricing actions to offset inflationary costs  strategic transactions (including their expected timing and impact)  expectations and/or plans with respect to joint ventures (including Wella Company and the timing and size of any related divestiture  distribution or return of capital)  the Company’s capital allocation strategy and payment of dividends (including suspension of dividend payments and the duration thereof and any plans to resume cash dividends on common stock or to continue to pay dividends in cash on preferred stock) and expectations for stock repurchases  investments  licenses and portfolio changes  product launches  relaunches or rebranding (including the expected timing or impact thereof)  synergies  savings  performance  cost  timing and integration of acquisitions  future cash flows  liquidity and borrowing capacity (including any refinancing or deleveraging activities)  timing and size of cash outflows and debt deleveraging  the timing and extent of any future impairments  and synergies  savings  impact  cost  timing and implementation of the Company’s ongoing transformation agenda (including operational execution and simplification initiatives  fixed cost reductions and supply chain changes)  expected impact  cost  timing and implementation of e-commerce and digital initiatives  expected impact  cost  timing and implementation of sustainability initiatives (including progress  plans and goals)  the impact of COVID-19  the expected impact of geopolitical risks including the ongoing war in Ukraine on our business operations  sales outlook and strategy  the expected impact of global supply chain challenges and/or inflationary pressures (including as a result of COVID-19 and/or the war in Ukraine)  and expectations regarding future service levels  the timing and impact of the application for dual-listing of the Company's Class A Common Stock on Euronext Paris and the priorities of senior management. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words or phrases  such as “anticipate”  “are going to”  “estimate”  “plan”  “project”  “expect”  “believe”  “intend”  “foresee”  “forecast”  “will”  “may”  “should”  “outlook”  “continue”  “temporary”  “target”  “aim”  “potential”  “goal” and similar words or phrases. These statements are based on certain assumptions and estimates that we consider reasonable  but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond our control  which could cause actual events or results (including our financial condition  results of operations  cash flows and prospects) to differ materially from such statements  including risks and uncertainties relating to:the Company’s ability to successfully implement its multi-year transformation agenda  including its management realignment  reporting structure changes  operational and organizational changes  and the initiatives to further reduce the Company’s cost base  and to develop and achieve its global business strategies (including mix management  select price increases  more disciplined promotions  and foregoing low value sales)  compete effectively in the beauty industry  achieve the benefits contemplated by its strategic initiatives (including revenue growth  cost control  gross margin growth and debt deleveraging) and successfully implement its strategic priorities (including stabilizing its consumer beauty brands through leading innovation and improved execution  accelerating its prestige fragrance brands and ongoing expansion into prestige cosmetics  building a comprehensive skincare portfolio  enhancing its e-commerce and direct-to-consumer (“DTC”) capabilities  expanding its presence in China through prestige products and select consumer beauty brands  and establishing Coty as an industry leader in sustainability) in each case within the expected time frame or at all;the Company’s ability to anticipate  gauge and respond to market trends and consumer preferences  which may change rapidly  and the market acceptance of new products  including new products related to the Company's skincare and prestige make-up portfolios  any relaunched or rebranded products and the anticipated costs and discounting associated with such relaunches and rebrands  and consumer receptiveness to our current and future marketing philosophy and consumer engagement activities (including digital marketing and media);use of estimates and assumptions in preparing the Company’s financial statements  including with regard to revenue recognition  income taxes (including the expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowance)  the assessment of goodwill  other intangible and long-lived assets for impairments  the market value of inventory  and the fair value of equity investments;the impact of any future impairments;managerial  transformational  operational  regulatory  legal and financial risks  including diversion of management attention to and management of cash flows  expenses and costs associated with the Company's transformation agenda  the Company's global business strategies  the integration and management of the strategic partnerships with Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian  and future strategic initiatives  and  in particular  the Company's ability to manage and execute many initiatives simultaneously including any resulting complexity  employee attrition or diversion of resources;the timing  costs and impacts of divestitures and the amount and use of proceeds from any such transactions;future divestitures and the impact thereof on  and future acquisitions  new licenses and joint ventures and the integration thereof with  our business  operations  systems  financial data and culture and the ability to realize synergies  manage supply chain challenges and avoid future supply chain and other business disruptions  reduce costs (including through the Company’s cash efficiency initiatives)  avoid liabilities and realize potential efficiencies and benefits (including through our restructuring initiatives) at the levels and at the costs and within the time frames contemplated or at all;increased competition  consolidation among retailers  shifts in consumers’ preferred distribution and marketing channels (including to digital and prestige channels)  distribution and shelf-space resets or reductions  compression of go-to-market cycles  changes in product and marketing requirements by retailers  reductions in retailer inventory levels and order lead-times or changes in purchasing patterns  impact from COVID-19 on retail revenues  and other changes in the retail  e-commerce and wholesale environment in which the Company does business and sells its products and the Company’s ability to respond to such changes (including its ability to expand its digital  direct-to-consumer and e-commerce capabilities within contemplated timeframes or at all);the Company and its joint ventures’  business partners’ and licensors’ abilities to obtain  maintain and protect the intellectual property used in its and their respective businesses  protect its and their respective reputations (including those of its and their executives or influencers)  and public goodwill  and defend claims by third parties for infringement of intellectual property rights;any change to the Company’s capital allocation and/or cash management priorities  including any change in the Company’s dividend policy and any change in the Company's stock repurchase plans;any unanticipated problems  liabilities or integration or other challenges associated with a past or future acquired business  joint ventures or strategic partnerships which could result in increased risk or new  unanticipated or unknown liabilities  including with respect to environmental  competition and other regulatory  compliance or legal matters  and specifically in connection with the strategic partnerships with Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian  risks related to the entry into a new distribution channel  the potential for channel conflict  risks of retaining customers and key employees  difficulties of integration (or the risks associated with limiting integration) and management of the partnerships  the Company's relationships wth Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian  the Company's ability to protect trademarks and brand names  litigation  investigations by governmental authorities  and changes in law  regulations and policies that affect King Kylie LLC (""King Kylie"") and/or KKW Holdings  LLC’s (“KKW Holdings”) business or products  including risk that direct selling laws and regulations may be modified  interpreted or enforced in a manner that results in a negative impact to King Kylie and/or KKW Holdings’ business model  revenue  sales force or business;the Company’s international operations and joint ventures  including enforceability and effectiveness of its joint venture agreements and reputational  compliance  regulatory  economic and foreign political risks  including difficulties and costs associated with maintaining compliance with a broad variety of complex local and international regulations;the Company’s dependence on certain licenses (especially in the fragrance category) and the Company’s ability to renew expiring licenses on favorable terms or at all;the Company’s dependence on entities performing outsourced functions  including outsourcing of distribution functions  and third-party manufacturers  logistics and supply chain suppliers  and other suppliers  including third-party software providers  web-hosting and e-commerce providers;administrative  product development and other difficulties in meeting the expected timing of market expansions  product launches and re-launches and marketing efforts  including in connection with new products related to the Company's skincare and prestige makeup portfolios;changes in the demand for the Company's products due to declining or depressed global or regional economic conditions  and declines in consumer confidence or spending  whether related to the economy (such as austerity measures  tax increases  high fuel costs  or higher unemployment)  wars  natural or other disasters  weather  pandemics  security concerns  terrorist attacks or other factors;global political and/or economic uncertainties  disruptions or major regulatory or policy changes  and/or the enforcement thereof that affect the Company’s business  financial performance  operations or products  including the impact of the war in Ukraine and any related escalation or expansion thereof  Brexit (and related business or market disruption)  recent elections in Brazil  the current U.S. administration and future elections  changes in the U.S. tax code  and recent changes and future changes in tariffs  retaliatory or trade protection measures  trade policies and other international trade regulations in the U.S.  the European Union and Asia and in other regions where the Company operates  potential regulatory limits on payment terms in the European Union  recent and future changes in sanctions regulations including in connection with the war in Ukraine and any escalation or expansion thereof  regulatory uncertainty impacting the wind-down of the Company's business in Russia  and recent and future changes in regulations impacting the beauty industry  including regulatory measures addressing products  formulations  raw materials and packaging;currency exchange rate volatility and currency devaluation and/or inflation;the Company's ability to implement and maintain pricing actions to effectively mitigate increased costs and inflationary pressures  and the reaction of customers or consumers to such pricing actions;the number  type  outcomes (by judgment  order or settlement) and costs of current or future legal  compliance  tax  regulatory or administrative proceedings  investigations and/or litigation  including litigation relating to product liability cases (including asbestos and talc-related litigation for which indemnities and/or insurance may not be available)  distributor or licensor litigation  and compliance  litigation or investigations relating to our joint ventures and strategic partnerships;the Company’s ability to manage seasonal factors and other variability and to anticipate future business trends and needs;the impact of COVID-19 (or future similar events)  including demand for the Company’s products  illness  quarantines  government actions  facility closures  store closures or other restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic  and the extent and duration thereof  related impact on the Company's ability to meet customer needs and on the ability of third parties on which it relies  including its suppliers  customers  contract manufacturers  distributors  contractors  commercial banks and joint-venture partners  to meet their obligations to the Company  in particular collections from customers  and the ability to successfully implement measures to respond to such impacts;disruptions in operations  sales and in other areas  including due to disruptions in our supply chain  restructurings and other business alignment activities  manufacturing or information technology systems  labor disputes  extreme weather and natural disasters  impact from COVID-19 or similar global public health events  the outbreak of war or hostilities (including the war in Ukraine and any escalation or expansion thereof)  impact of global supply chain challenges  and the impact of such disruptions on the Company’s ability to generate profits  stabilize or grow revenues or cash flows  comply with its contractual obligations and accurately forecast demand and supply needs and/or future results;disruptions in the availability and distribution of raw materials and components needed to manufacture the Company's products  and its ability to effectively manage its production and inventory levels in response to supply challenges;the Company's ability to adapt its business to address climate change concerns and to respond to increasing governmental and regulatory measures relating to environmental  social and governance matters  including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting  diligence and disclosure  as well as new taxes (including on energy and plastic)  and the impact of such measures on the Company's costs  business operations and strategy;restrictions imposed on the Company through its license agreements  credit facilities and senior unsecured bonds or other material contracts  its ability to generate cash flow to repay  refinance or recapitalize debt and otherwise comply with its debt instruments  and changes in the manner in which the Company finances its debt and future capital needs;increasing dependency on information technology  including as a result of remote working practices  and the Company’s ability  or the ability of any of the third-party service providers used by the Company to support its business  to protect against service interruptions  data corruption  cyber-based attacks or network security breaches  including ransomware attacks  costs and timing of implementation and effectiveness of any upgrades or other changes to information technology systems  and the cost of compliance or the Company’s failure to comply with any privacy or data security laws (including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation  the California Consumer Privacy Act and similar state laws  the Brazil General Data Protection Law and the China Data Security Law and Personal Information Protection Law) or to protect against theft of customer  employee and corporate sensitive information;the Company's ability to attract and retain key personnel and the impact of senior management transitions;the distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit and/or gray market versions of the Company’s products;the impact of the Company's transformation agenda on the Company’s relationships with key customers and suppliers and certain material contracts;the Company’s relationship with JAB Beauty B.V. (formerly known as Cottage Holdco B.V.)  as the Company’s majority stockholder  and its affiliates  and any related conflicts of interest or litigation;the Company’s relationship with KKR  whose affiliate KKR Bidco is an investor in the Wella Company  and any related conflicts of interest or litigation;future sales of a significant number of shares by the Company’s majority stockholder or the perception that such sales could occur; andother factors described elsewhere in this document and in documents that the Company files with the SEC from time to time.When used herein  the term “includes” and “including” means  unless the context otherwise indicates  “including without limitation”. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect the Company’s business and financial results is included under the heading “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31  2023 and annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30  2023 and other periodic reports the Company has filed and may file with the SEC from time to time.All forward-looking statements made in this release are qualified by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this release  and the Company does not undertake any obligation  other than as may be required by applicable law  to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions  the occurrence of events  unanticipated or otherwise  or changes in future operating results over time or otherwise.Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance unless expressed as such  and should only be viewed as historical data.Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresTo supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP  we use non-GAAP financial measures for continuing operations and Coty Inc. including Adjusted operating income (loss)  Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted net income (loss)  and Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to Coty Inc. to common stockholders (collectively  the “Adjusted Performance Measures”). The reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are shown in tables below. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from  or as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures reported in accordance with GAAP. Moreover  these non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all the items associated with the operations of the business as determined in accordance with GAAP. Other companies  including companies in the beauty industry  may calculate similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do  limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.Despite the limitations of these non-GAAP financial measures  our management uses the Adjusted Performance Measures as key metrics in the evaluation of our performance and annual budgets and to benchmark performance of our business against our competitors. The following are examples of how these Adjusted Performance Measures are utilized by our management:strategic plans and annual budgets are prepared using the Adjusted Performance Measures;senior management receives a monthly analysis comparing budget to actual operating results that is prepared using the Adjusted Performance Measures; andsenior management’s annual compensation is calculated  in part  by using some of the Adjusted Performance Measures.In addition  our financial covenant compliance calculations under our debt agreements are substantially derived from these Adjusted Performance Measures.Our management believes that Adjusted Performance Measures are useful to investors in their assessment of our operating performance and the valuation of the Company. In addition  these non-GAAP financial measures address questions we routinely receive from analysts and investors and  in order to ensure that all investors have access to the same data  our management has determined that it is appropriate to make this data available to all investors. The Adjusted Performance Measures exclude the impact of certain items (as further described below) and provide supplemental information regarding our operating performance. By disclosing these non-GAAP financial measures  our management intends to provide investors with a supplemental comparison of our operating results and trends for the periods presented. Our management believes these measures are also useful to investors as such measures allow investors to evaluate our performance using the same metrics that our management uses to evaluate past performance and prospects for future performance. We provide disclosure of the effects of these non-GAAP financial measures by presenting the corresponding measure prepared in conformity with GAAP in our financial statements  and by providing a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measure so that investors may understand the adjustments made in arriving at the non-GAAP financial measures and use the information to perform their own analyses.Adjusted operating income/Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations excludes restructuring costs and business structure realignment programs  amortization  acquisition- and divestiture-related costs and acquisition accounting impacts  stock-based compensation  and asset impairment charges and other adjustments as described below. For adjusted EBITDA  in addition to the preceding  we exclude adjusted depreciation as defined below. We do not consider these items to be reflective of our core operating performance due to the variability of such items from period-to-period in terms of size  nature and significance. They are primarily incurred to realign our operating structure and integrate new acquisitions  and implement divestitures of components of our business  and fluctuate based on specific facts and circumstances. Additionally  Adjusted net income attributable to Coty Inc. and Adjusted net income attributable to Coty Inc. per common share are adjusted for certain interest and other (income) expense items and preferred stock deemed dividends  as described below  and the related tax effects of each of the items used to derive Adjusted net income as such charges are not used by our management in assessing our operating performance period-to-period.Adjusted Performance Measures reflect adjustments based on the following items:Costs related to acquisition and divestiture activities: The Company has excluded acquisition- and divestiture-related costs and the accounting impacts such as those related to transaction costs and costs associated with the revaluation of acquired inventory in connection with business combinations because these costs are unique to each transaction. Additionally  for divestitures  the Company excludes write-offs of assets that are no longer recoverable and contract related costs due to the divestiture. The nature and amount of such costs vary significantly based on the size and timing of the acquisitions and divestitures  and the maturities of the businesses being acquired or divested. Also  the size  complexity and/or volume of past transactions  which often drives the magnitude of such expenses  may not be indicative of the size  complexity and/or volume of any future acquisitions or divestitures.Restructuring and other business realignment costs: The Company has excluded costs associated with restructuring and business structure realignment programs to allow for comparable financial results to historical operations and forward-looking guidance. In addition  the nature and amount of such charges vary significantly based on the size and timing of the programs. By excluding the referenced expenses from the non-GAAP financial measures  management is able to further evaluate the Company's ability to utilize existing assets and estimate their long-term value. Furthermore  our management believes that the adjustment of these items supplements the GAAP information with a measure that can be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance.Asset impairment charges: The Company has excluded the impact of asset impairments as such non-cash amounts are inconsistent in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the timing and/or size of acquisitions. Our management believes that the adjustment of these items supplements the GAAP information with a measure that can be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance.Amortization expense: The Company has excluded the impact of amortization of finite-lived intangible assets  as such non-cash amounts are inconsistent in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the timing and/or size of acquisitions. Our management believes that the adjustment of these items supplements the GAAP information with a measure that can be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance. Although we exclude amortization of intangible assets from our non-GAAP expenses  our management believes that it is important for investors to understand that such intangible assets contribute to revenue generation. Amortization of intangible assets that relate to past acquisitions will recur in future periods until such intangible assets have been fully amortized. Any future acquisitions may result in the amortization of additional intangible assets.Gain on sale and termination of brand assets: The Company has excluded the impact of gain on sale and termination of brand assets as such amounts are inconsistent in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the size of the sale and termination of brand assets.Costs related to market exit: The Company has excluded the impact of direct incremental costs related to our decision to wind down our business operations in Russia. We believe that these direct and incremental costs are inconsistent and infrequent in nature. Consequently  our management believes that the adjustment of these items supplements the GAAP information with a measure that can be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance.Gains on sale of real estate: The Company has excluded the impact of gains on sale of real estate as such amounts are inconsistent in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the size of the sale. Our management believes that the adjustment of these items supplements the GAAP information with a measure that can be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance.Stock-based compensation: Although stock-based compensation is a key incentive offered to our employees  we have excluded the effect of these expenses from the calculation of adjusted operating income and adjusted EBITDA. This is due to their primarily non-cash nature; in addition  the amount and timing of these expenses may be highly variable and unpredictable  which may negatively affect comparability between periods.Depreciation and Adjusted depreciation: Our adjusted operating income excludes the impact of accelerated depreciation for certain restructuring projects that affect the expected useful lives of Property  Plant and Equipment  as such charges vary significantly based on the size and timing of the programs. Further  we have excluded adjusted depreciation  which represents depreciation expense net of accelerated depreciation charges  from our adjusted EBITDA. Our management believes that the adjustment of these items supplements the GAAP information with a measure that can be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance.Other (income) expense: The Company has excluded the impact of pension curtailment (gains) and losses and pension settlements as such events are triggered by our restructuring and other business realignment activities and the amount of such charges vary significantly based on the size and timing of the programs. Further  we have excluded the change in fair value of the investment in Wella  as our management believes these unrealized (gains) and losses do not reflect our underlying ongoing business  and the adjustment of such impact helps investors and others compare and analyze performance from period to period. We have excluded the gain on the exchange of Series B Preferred Stock. Such transactions do not reflect our operating results and we have excluded the impact as our management believes that the adjustment of these items supplements the GAAP information with a measure that can be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance.Noncontrolling interest: This adjustment represents the after-tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments included in Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests based on the relevant noncontrolling interest percentage.Tax: This adjustment represents the impact of the tax effect of the pretax items excluded from Adjusted net income. The tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments is based on the tax rates related to the jurisdiction in which the adjusted items are received or incurred. Additionally  adjustments are made for the tax impact of any intra-entity transfer of assets and liabilities.Deemed Preferred Stock Dividends: The Company has excluded preferred stock deemed dividends related to the First Exchange and the Second Exchange from our calculation of adjusted net income attributable to Coty Inc. These deemed dividends are nonmonetary in nature  the transactions were entered into to simplify our capital structure and do not reflect our underlying ongoing business. Management believes that this adjustment helps investors and others compare and analyze our performance from period to period.The Company has provided a quantitative reconciliation of the difference between the non-GAAP financial measures and the financial measures calculated and reported in accordance with GAAP. For a reconciliation of adjusted gross profit to gross profit  adjusted EPS (diluted) to EPS (diluted)  and adjusted net revenues to net revenues  see the table entitled “Reconciliation of Reported to Adjusted Results for the Consolidated Statements of Operations.” For a reconciliation of adjusted operating income to operating income and adjusted operating income margin to operating income margin  see the tables entitled “Reconciliation of Reported Operating Income (Loss) to Adjusted Operating Income” and ""Reconciliation of Reported Operating Income (Loss) to Adjusted Operating Income by Segment."" For a reconciliation of adjusted effective tax rate to effective tax rate  see the table entitled “Reconciliation of Reported Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes and Effective Tax Rates to Adjusted Income Before Income Taxes and Adjusted Effective Tax Rates.” For a reconciliation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income margin to net income (loss)  see the table entitled “Reconciliation of Reported Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted Net Income.”The Company also presents free cash flow  adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (""adjusted EBITDA"")  immediate liquidity  Financial Net Debt and Economic Net Debt. Management believes that these measures are useful for investors because it provides them with an important perspective on the cash available for debt repayment and other strategic measures and provides them with the same measures that management uses as the basis for making resource allocation decisions. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures; adjusted EBITDA is defined as adjusted operating income  excluding adjusted depreciation and non-cash stock-based compensation. Net debt or Financial Net Debt (which the Company referred to as ""net debt"" in prior reporting periods) is defined as total debt less cash and cash equivalents  and Economic Net Debt is defined as total debt less cash and cash equivalents less the value of the Wella Stake. For a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow  see the table entitled “Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities to Free Cash Flow ” for adjusted EBITDA  see the table entitled “Reconciliation of Adjusted Operating Income to Adjusted EBITDA” and for Financial Net Debt and Economic Net Debt  see the tables entitled “Reconciliation of Total Debt to Financial Net Debt and Economic Net Debt.” Further  our immediate liquidity is defined as the sum of available cash and cash equivalents and available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility (please see table ""Immediate Liquidity"").These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation  or as a substitute for  or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.To the extent that the Company provides guidance  it does so only on a non-GAAP basis and does not provide reconciliations of such forward-looking non-GAAP measures to GAAP due to the inherent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts that are necessary for such reconciliation  including adjustments that could be made for restructuring  integration and acquisition-related expenses  amortization expenses  non-cash stock-based compensation  adjustments to inventory  and other charges reflected in our reconciliation of historic numbers  the amount of which  based on historical experience  could be significant.- Tables Follow -COTY INC.SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULES INCLUDING NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURESRESULTS AT A GLANCEThree Months Ended June 30  2023 Year Ended June 30  2023 (in millions  except per share data) Change YoY Change YoY CONTINUING OPERATIONS Reported Basis (LFL) Reported Basis (LFL) Net revenues $ 1 351.6 16 % 17 % $ 5 554.1 5 % 10 % Operating income - reported 129.0 >100 % 543.7 >100 % Operating income - adjusted* 105.1 61 % 738.8 20 % EBITDA - adjusted 165.4 25 % 972.8 7 % Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders - reported** 29.6 >100 % 495.0 >100 % Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders - adjusted* ** 5.2 >100 % 457.9 97 % EPS attributable to common shareholders (diluted) - reported $ 0.03 >100 % $ 0.57 >100 % EPS attributable to common shareholders (diluted) - adjusted* $ 0.01 >100 % $ 0.53 89 % COTY  INC. Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders - reported ** 29.6 >100 495.0 >100 % Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders - adjusted* ** 5.2 >100 % 457.9 97 % EPS attributable to common shareholders (diluted) - reported $ 0.03 >100 % $ 0.57 >100 % EPS attributable to common shareholders (diluted) - adjusted* $ 0.01 >100 % $ 0.53 89 % * These measures  as well as “free cash flow ” “adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (adjusted EBITDA) ” ""immediate liquidity "" “financial net debt ” and ""economic net debt"" are Non-GAAP Financial Measures. Refer to “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for discussion of these measures. Reconciliations from reported to adjusted results can be found at the end of this release.** Net income for Continuing Operations and Coty Inc. are net of the Convertible Series B Preferred Stock dividends.FOURTH QUARTER BY SEGMENT (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)Three Months Ended June 30  Net Revenues Change Reported Operating Income (Loss) Adjusted Operating Income (in millions) 2023 2022 ReportedBasis LFL 2023 Change Margin 2023 Change Margin Prestige $ 799.6 $ 662.8 21 % 21 % $ 46.4 >100 % 6 % $ 85.1 78 % 11 % Consumer Beauty 552.0 505.5 9 % 10 % 10.0 >100 % 2 % 20.0 16 % 4 % Corporate — — N/A N/A 72.6 >100 % N/A — N/A N/A Total $ 1 351.6 $ 1 168.3 16 % 17 % $ 129.0 >100 % 10 % $ 105.1 61 % 8 %Year Ended June 30  Net Revenues Change Reported Operating Income (Loss) Adjusted Operating Income (in millions) 2023 2022 ReportedBasis LFL 2023 Change Margin 2023 Change Margin Prestige $ 3 420.5 $ 3 267.9 5 % 11 % $ 483.7 32 % 14 % $ 635.1 20 % 19 % Consumer Beauty 2 133.6 2 036.5 5 % 10 % 63.3 >100 % 3 % 103.7 21 % 5 % Corporate — — 0 % 0 % (3.3 ) 98 % N/A — N/A N/A Total $ 5 554.1 $ 5 304.4 5 % 10 % $ 543.7 >100 % 10 % $ 738.8 20 % 13 %Adjusted EBITDA Three Months Ended June 30  Year Ended June 30  (in millions) 2023 2022 2023 2022 Prestige $ 112.7 $ 78.9 $ 745.6 $ 668.8 Consumer Beauty 52.7 53.5 227.2 236.5 Corporate — — — — Total $ 165.4 $ 132.4 $ 972.8 $ 905.3FOURTH QUARTER FISCAL 2023 BY REGIONContinuing OperationsThree Months Ended June 30  Year Ended June 30  Net Revenues Change Net Revenues Change (in millions) 2023 2022 Reported Basis LFL 2023 2022 Reported Basis LFL Americas $ 567.9 $ 509.5 11 % 13 % $ 2 343.7 $ 2 158.0 9 % 10 % EMEA 594.2 517.7 15 % 13 % 2 504.5 2 488.1 1 % 10 % Asia Pacific 189.5 141.1 34 % 40 % 705.9 658.3 7 % 13 % Total $ 1 351.6 $ 1 168.3 16 % 17 % $ 5 554.1 $ 5 304.4 5 % 10 %COTY INC. & SUBSIDIARIESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONSThree Months Ended June 30  Year Ended June 30  (in millions  except per share data) 2023 2022 2023 2022 Net revenues $ 1 351.6 $ 1 168.3 $ 5 554.1 $ 5 304.4 Cost of sales 502.1 446.2 2 006.8 1 935.2 as % of Net revenues 37.1 % 38.2 % 36.1 % 36.5 % Gross profit 849.5 722.1 3 547.3 3 369.2 Gross margin 62.9 % 61.8 % 63.9 % 63.5 % Selling  general and administrative expenses 672.9 726.8 2 818.3 2 881.3 as % of Net revenues 49.8 % 62.2 % 50.7 % 54.3 % Amortization expense 48.7 48.8 191.8 207.4 Restructuring costs (1.1 ) (8.0 ) (6.5 ) (6.5 ) Acquisition-and divestiture- related costs — 0.5 — 14.7 Asset impairment charges — 31.4 — 31.4 Operating income (loss) 129.0 (77.4 ) 543.7 240.9 as % of Net revenues 9.5 % (6.6 %) 9.8 % 4.5 % Interest expense  net 72.2 40.4 257.9 224.0 Other income  net (22.0 ) 163.0 (419.0 ) (409.9 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 78.8 (280.8 ) 704.8 426.8 as % of Net revenues 5.8 % (24.0 %) 12.7 % 8.0 % Provision (benefit) for income taxes on continuing operations 43.3 0.3 181.6 164.8 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 35.5 (281.1 ) 523.2 262.0 as % of Net revenues 2.6 % (24.1 %) 9.4 % 4.9 % Net income (loss) from discontinued operations — 1.2 — 5.7 Net income (loss) 35.5 (279.9 ) 523.2 267.7 Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (1.4 ) (2.8 ) (1.8 ) (5.1 ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 4.0 4.4 16.8 13.3 Net income (loss) attributable to Coty Inc. $ 32.9 $ (281.5 ) $ 508.2 $ 259.5 Amounts attributable to Coty Inc. Net income (loss) from continuing operations $ 32.9 $ (282.7 ) $ 508.2 $ 253.8 Convertible Series B Preferred Stock dividends (3.3 ) (3.3 ) (13.2 ) (198.3 ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders $ 29.6 $ (286.0 ) $ 495.0 $ 55.5 Net income from discontinued operations — 1.2 — 5.7 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders $ 29.6 $ (284.8 ) $ 495.0 $ 61.2 Earnings per common share: Basic for Continuing Operations $ 0.03 $ (0.34 ) $ 0.58 $ 0.07 Diluted for Continuing Operations(a)(b)(c) $ 0.03 $ (0.34 ) $ 0.57 $ 0.07 Basic for Coty Inc. $ 0.03 $ (0.34 ) $ 0.58 $ 0.08 Diluted for Coty Inc.(a)(b)(c) $ 0.03 $ (0.34 ) $ 0.57 $ 0.08 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic 852.0 838.4 849.0 820.6 Diluted(a)(b) 864.7 838.4 886.5 834.1 Depreciation - Continuing Operations $ 60.3 $ 78.1 $ 235.0 $ 309.0(a) Diluted EPS is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities  including awards under the Company's equity compensation plans  the convertible Series B Preferred Stock and the Forward Repurchase Contracts. When calculating any potential dilutive effect of stock options  Series A Preferred Stock  restricted stock  PRSUs and RSUs  the Company uses the treasury method and the if-converted method for the Convertible Series B Preferred Stock and the Forward Repurchase Contracts. The treasury method typically does not adjust the net income attributable to Coty Inc.  while the if-converted method requires an adjustment to reverse the impact of the preferred stock dividends and the impact of fair market value (gains)/losses for contracts with the option to settle in shares or cash  if dilutive  on net income applicable to common stockholders during the period. (b) For the three months ended June 30  2023  23.7 million dilutive shares of Convertible Series B Preferred Stock were excluded in the computation of adjusted weighted-average diluted shares because their effect would be anti-dilutive. For the three months ended June 30  2022  dilutive shares of RSUs and Convertible Series B Preferred Stock were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS to the net loss incurred during the period. (c) For the twelve months ended June 30  2022  65.4 million dilutive shares of Convertible Series B Preferred Stock were excluded in the computation of adjusted weighted-average diluted shares because their effect would be anti-dilutive.RECONCILIATION OF REPORTED TO ADJUSTED RESULTS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONSThese supplemental schedules provide adjusted Non-GAAP financial information and a quantitative reconciliation of the difference between the Non-GAAP financial measure and the financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with GAAP.Three Months Ended June 30  2023 CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions) Reported (GAAP) Adjustments(a) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) Net revenues $ 1 351.6 $ — $ 1 351.6 Gross profit 849.5 (0.1 ) 849.4 Gross margin 62.9 % 62.8 % Operating income 129.0 (23.9 ) 105.1 as % of Net revenues 9.5 % 7.8 % Net income 29.6 (24.4 ) 5.2 as % of Net revenues 2.2 % 0.4 % Adjusted EBITDA 165.4 as % of Net revenues 12.2 % COTY INC. Net income attributable to Coty Inc. 29.6 (24.4 ) 5.2 EPS (diluted) $ 0.03 $ 0.01 Three Months Ended June 30  2022 CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions) Reported (GAAP) Adjustments(a) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) Net revenues $ 1 168.3 $ — $ 1 168.3 Gross profit 722.1 3.6 725.7 Gross margin 61.8 % 62.1 % Operating (loss) income (77.4 ) 142.5 65.1 as % of Net revenues (6.6 %) 5.6 % Net (loss) income (286.0 ) 280.3 (5.7 ) as % of Net revenues (24.5 %) (0.5 %) Adjusted EBITDA 132.4 as % of Net revenues 11.3 % COTY INC. Net (loss) attributable to Coty Inc. (284.8 ) 279.1 (5.7 ) EPS (diluted) $ (0.34 ) $ (0.01 )(a) See “Reconciliation of Reported Operating Income (Loss) to Adjusted Operated Income” and “Reconciliation of Reported Net (Loss) Income to Adjusted Net Income” for a detailed description of adjusted itemsRECONCILIATION OF REPORTED TO ADJUSTED RESULTS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONSThese supplemental schedules provide adjusted Non-GAAP financial information and a quantitative reconciliation of the difference between the Non-GAAP financial measure and the financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with GAAP.Year Ended June 30  2023 CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions) Reported (GAAP) Adjustments(a) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) Net revenues $ 5 554.1 $ — $ 5 554.1 Gross profit 3 547.3 1.9 3 549.2 Gross margin 63.9 % 63.9 % Operating income 543.7 195.1 738.8 as % of Net revenues 9.8 % 13.3 % Net income 495.0 (37.1 ) 457.9 as % of Net revenues 8.9 % 8.2 % Adjusted EBITDA 972.8 as % of Net revenues 17.5 % COTY INC. Net income attributable to Coty Inc. $ 495.0 (37.1 ) 457.9 EPS (diluted) $ 0.57 $ 0.53 Year Ended June 30  2022 CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions) Reported (GAAP) Adjustments(a) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) Net revenues $ 5 304.4 $ — $ 5 304.4 Gross profit 3 369.2 12.0 3 381.2 Gross margin 63.5 % 63.7 % Operating income 240.9 374.6 615.5 as % of Net revenues 4.5 % 11.6 % Net income 55.5 176.6 232.1 as % of Net revenues 1.0 % 4.4 % Adjusted EBITDA 905.3 as % of Net revenues 17.1 % COTY INC. Net income attributable to Coty Inc. 61.2 170.9 232.1 EPS (diluted) $ 0.08 $ 0.28(a) See “Reconciliation of Reported Operating Income (Loss) to Adjusted Operated Income” and “Reconciliation of Reported Net (Loss) Income to Adjusted Net Income” for a detailed description of adjusted items.RECONCILIATION OF REPORTED OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) TO ADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME AND ADJUSTED EBITDACONTINUING OPERATIONS Three Months Ended June 30  Year Ended June 30  (in millions) 2023 2022 Change 2023 2022 Change Reported Operating income (loss) $ 129.0 $ (77.4 ) >100 % $ 543.7 $ 240.9 >100 % % of Net revenues 9.5 % (6.6 %) 9.8 % 4.5 % Asset impairment charges — 31.4 (100 %) — 31.4 (100 %) Amortization expense (a) 48.7 48.8 0 % 191.8 207.4 (8 %) Restructuring and other business realignment costs (b) (1.3 ) (4.9 ) 73 % (6.3 ) 4.7 %) Stock-based compensation 37.0 31.2 19 % 135.9 195.5 (30 %) Acquisition- and divestiture-related costs (c) — 0.5 (100 %) — 14.7 (100 %) Gain on sale of real estate (d) (3.9 ) (0.9 ) %) (4.9 ) (115.5 ) 96 % (Gains) Costs related to market exit — 45.9 (100 %) (17.0 ) 45.9 %) Gain on sale and termination of brand assets (f) (104.4 ) (9.5 ) %) (104.4 ) (9.5 ) %) Total adjustments to reported operating income (loss) (23.9 ) 142.5 %) 195.1 374.6 (48 %) Adjusted Operating income $ 105.1 $ 65.1 61 % $ 738.8 $ 615.5 20 % % of Net revenues 7.8 % 5.6 % 13.3 % 11.6 % Adjusted depreciation (e) 60.3 67.3 (10 %) 234.0 289.8 (19 %) Adjusted EBITDA $ 165.4 $ 132.4 25 % $ 972.8 $ 905.3 7 % % of Revenues 12.2 % 11.3 % 17.5 % 17.1 %(a) In the three months ended June 30  2023  amortization expense of $38.7 and $10.0 was reported in the Prestige and Consumer Beauty segments  respectively. In the three months ended June 30  2022  amortization expense of $38.2 and $10.6 was reported in the Prestige and Consumer Beauty segments  respectively. In fiscal 2023  amortization expense of $151.4 and $40.4 was reported in the Prestige and Consumer Beauty segments  respectively. In fiscal 2022  amortization expense of $162.9 and $44.5 was reported in the Prestige and Consumer Beauty segments  respectively. (b) In the three months ended June 30  2023  we incurred a credit in restructuring and other business structure realignment costs of $(1.3). We incurred a credit in restructuring costs of $(1.1) included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  and business structure realignment costs of $(0.2) primarily related to the Transformation Plan. This amount includes $(0.1) reported in Selling  general and administrative expenses  and $(0.1) reported in Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. In the three months ended June 30  2022  we incurred a credit in restructuring and other business structure realignment costs of $(4.9). We incurred a credit in restructuring costs of $(8.0) included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  related to the Transformation Plan due to a change in estimate and $(6.3) related to employee severances in connection with our exit of Russia  and business structure realignment costs of $3.1 primarily related to the Transformation Plan and certain other programs. This amount includes $3.2 reported in Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations  and a credit of $(0.1) reported in Selling  general and administrative expenses. In fiscal 2023  we incurred restructuring and other business structure realignment costs of $(6.3). We incurred a credit in restructuring costs of $(6.5) included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  related to the Transformation Plan and business structure realignment costs of $0.2 primarily related to the Transformation Plan. This amount includes $0.9 reported in Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and $(0.7) reported in Selling  general and administrative expenses. In fiscal 2022  we incurred restructuring and other business structure realignment costs of $4.7. We incurred a credit in restructuring costs of $(6.5) included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  related to the Transformation Plan  which includes $6.3 related to employee severances in connection with our exit of Russia  and business structure realignment costs of $11.2 primarily related to the Transformation Plan and certain other programs. This amount includes $11.6 reported in Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and a credit of $(0.4) reported in Selling  general and administrative expenses. (c) In the three months ended June 30  2023 and June 30  2022  we incurred acquisition- and divestiture-related costs of $0.0 and $0.5  respectively. The prior period costs were primarily associated with the Wella Company Transaction. In fiscal 2023 and 2022  we incurred acquisition- and divestiture-related costs of nil and $14.7  respectively. The prior period costs were primarily associated with the Wella Company Transaction. (d) In the three months ended June 30  2023  we recognized a gain of $3.9 related to sale of real estate. In the three months ended June 30  2022  we recognized a gain of $0.9 related to sale of real estate. In fiscal 2023  we recognized a gain of $4.9 related to sale of real estate. In fiscal 2022  we recognized a gain of $115.5 related to sale of real estate. (e) In the three months ended June 30  2023  adjusted depreciation expense of $27.6 and $32.7 was reported in the Prestige and Consumer Beauty segments  respectively. In the three months ended June 30  2022  adjusted depreciation expense of $31.0 and $36.3 was reported in the Prestige and Consumer Beauty segments  respectively. In fiscal 2023  adjusted depreciation expense of $110.5 and $123.5 was reported in the Prestige and Consumer Beauty segments  respectively. In fiscal 2022  adjusted depreciation expense of $138.7 and $151.1 was reported in the Prestige and Consumer Beauty segments  respectively. (f) In the three months ended June 30  2023  we recognized a gain of $104.4 related to early termination of Lacoste fragrance license. In the three months ended June 30  2022  we recognized a gain of $9.5 related to sale of brand assets in South Africa. In fiscal 2023  we recognized a gain of $104.4 related to early termination of Lacoste fragrance license. In fiscal 2022  we recognized a gain of $9.5 related to sale of brand assets in South Africa.RECONCILIATION OF REPORTED INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EFFECTIVE TAX RATES TO ADJUSTED INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATES FOR CONTINUING OPERATIONSThree Months Ended June 30  2023 Three months ended June 30  2022 (in millions) (Loss) income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate (Loss) income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate Reported Income (Loss) before income taxes - Continuing Operations $ 78.8 $ 43.3 54.9 % $ (280.8 ) $ 0.3 (0.1 )% Adjustments to Reported Operating Income (a) (23.9 ) 142.5 Change in fair value of investment in Wella Business (c) (20.0 ) 175.1 Other adjustments (d) (0.4 ) — Total Adjustments (b) (44.3 ) (21.7 ) 317.6 35.6 Adjusted Income (loss) before income taxes - Continuing Operations $ 34.5 $ 21.6 62.6 % $ 36.8 $ 35.9 97.6 %The adjusted effective tax rate was 62.6% for the three months ended June 30  2023 compared to 97.6% for the three months ended June 30  2022. The differences were primarily due to a valuation allowance recorded in the current period.Year Ended June 30  2023 Year Ended June 30  2022 (in millions) (Loss) income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate (Loss) income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate Reported Income before income taxes - Continuing Operations $ 704.8 $ 181.6 25.8 % $ 426.8 $ 164.8 38.6 % Adjustments to Reported Operating Income (a) 195.1 374.6 Change in fair value of investment in Wella Business (c) (230.0 ) (403.9 ) Other adjustments (d) 0.2 (2.4 ) Total Adjustments (b) (e) (34.7 ) (4.5 ) (31.7 ) (55.3 ) Adjusted Income before income taxes - Continuing Operations $ 670.1 $ 177.1 26.4 % $ 395.1 $ 109.5 27.7 %The adjusted effective tax rate was 26.4% for the fiscal year ended June 30  2023 compared to 27.7% in the fiscal year ended June 30  2022. The differences were primarily due to permanent adjustments and jurisdictional mix of income.(a) See a description of adjustments under “Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) for Continuing Operations.” (b) The tax effects of each of the items included in adjusted income are calculated in a manner that results in a corresponding income tax expense/provision for adjusted income. In preparing the calculation  each adjustment to reported income is first analyzed to determine if the adjustment has an income tax consequence. The provision for taxes is then calculated based on the jurisdiction in which the adjusted items are incurred  multiplied by the respective statutory rates and offset by the increase or reversal of any valuation allowances commensurate with the non-GAAP measure of profitability. In connection with our decision to wind down our operations in Russia  we recognized tax charges related to certain direct incremental impacts of our decision  which are reflected in this amount  in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. (c) The amount represents the realized and unrealized loss (gain) recognized for the change in the fair value of the investment in Wella Company. (d) See ""Reconciliation of Reported Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Continuing Operations to Adjusted Net Income (loss) Attributable to Continuing Operations."" (e) The total tax impact on adjustments includes a tax benefit of $0.4 and tax expense of $24.1 for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022  respectively  recorded as the result of the Company’s exit from Russia.RECONCILIATION OF REPORTED NET INCOME TO ADJUSTED NET INCOME FOR CONTINUING OPERATIONSThree Months Ended June 30  Year Ended June 30  (in millions) 2023 2022 Change 2023 2022 Change Net income (loss) from Continuing Operations  net of noncontrolling interests $ 32.9 $ (282.7 ) >100 % $ 508.2 $ 253.8 >100 % Convertible Series B Preferred Stock dividends (c) (3.3 ) (3.3 ) — % (13.2 ) (198.3 ) 93 % Reported Net income (loss) attributable to Continuing Operations $ 29.6 $ (286.0 ) >100 % $ 495.0 $ 55.5 >100 % % of Net revenues 2.2 % (24.5 %) 8.9 % 1.0 % Adjustments to Reported Operating Income (a) (23.9 ) 142.5 %) 195.1 374.6 (48 %) Change in fair value of investment in Wella Business (d) (20.0 ) 175.1 %) (230.0 ) (403.9 ) 43 % Adjustments to other expense (e) (0.4 ) — N/A 0.2 (2.4 ) >100 % Adjustments to noncontrolling interests (b) (1.8 ) (1.7 ) (6 %) (6.9 ) (7.0 ) 1 % Change in tax provision due to adjustments to Reported Net income attributable to Continuing Operations 21.7 (35.6 ) >100 % 4.5 55.3 (92 %) Adjustment for deemed Series B Preferred Stock dividends related to the First and Second Exchanges (c) (f) — — N/A — 160.0 (100 %) Adjusted Net income (loss) attributable to Continuing Operations $ 5.2 $ (5.7 ) >100 % $ 457.9 $ 232.1 97 % % of Net revenues 0.4 % (0.5 %) 8.2 % 4.4 % Per Share Data Adjusted weighted-average common shares Basic 852.0 838.4 849.0 820.6 Diluted (c) (f) 864.7 838.4 862.8 834.1 Adjusted Net income (loss) attributable to Continuing Operations per Common Share Basic $ 0.01 $ (0.01 ) $ 0.54 $ 0.28 Diluted (c) $ 0.01 $ (0.01 ) $ 0.53 $ 0.28(a) See a description of adjustments under “Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) for Continuing Operations.” (b) The amounts represent the after-tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments included in Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest based on the relevant noncontrolling interest percentage in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. (c) Diluted EPS is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities  including awards under the Company's equity compensation plans  the convertible Series B Preferred Stock and the Forward Repurchase Contracts. When calculating any potential dilutive effect of stock options  Series A Preferred Stock  restricted stock PRSUs and RSUs  the Company uses the treasury method and the if-converted method for the Convertible Series B Preferred Stock and the Forward Repurchase Contracts. The treasury method typically does not adjust the net income attributable to Coty Inc.  while the if-converted method requires an adjustment to reverse the impact of the preferred stock dividends  if dilutive  on net income applicable to common stockholders during the period. (d) The amount represents the realized and unrealized gain recognized for the change in the fair value of the investment in Wella Company. (e) For the three months ended June 30  2023  this primarily represents the amortization of basis differences in certain equity method investments and pension curtailment gains. For the twelve months ended June 30  2023  this primarily represents the amortization of basis differences in certain equity method investments and pension curtailment gains. For the twelve months ended June 30  2022  this primarily represents a net gain on the exchange of Series B Preferred Stock closed on October 20  2021  partially offset by the amortization of basis differences in certain equity method investments and pension curtailment losses. (f) For the twelve months ended June 30  2022  this adjustment represents the deemed dividend from the Second Exchange that closed on November 30  2021 and the deemed dividend from the First Exchange that closed on October 20  2021.RECONCILIATION OF REPORTED NET INCOME (LOSS) TO ADJUSTED NET INCOME FOR COTY INC.Three Months Ended June 30  Year Ended June 30  (in millions) 2023 2022 Change 2023 2022 Change Net income (loss) from Coty Inc. net of noncontrolling interests $ 32.9 $ (281.5 ) >100 % $ 508.2 $ 259.5 96 % Convertible Series B Preferred Stock dividends (c) (3.3 ) (3.3 ) 0 % (13.2 ) (198.3 ) 93 % Reported Net income (loss) attributable to Coty Inc. $ 29.6 $ (284.8 ) >100 % $ 495.0 $ 61.2 >100 % % of Net revenues 2.2 % (24.4 %) 8.9 % 1.2 % Adjustments to Reported Operating income (a) (23.9 ) 142.5 %) 195.1 374.6 (48 %) Adjustments to loss on sale of business (g) — — N/A — (6.1 ) 100 % Change in fair value of investment in Wella Business (d) (20.0 ) 175.1 %) (230.0 ) (403.9 ) 43 % Adjustments to other expense (e) (0.4 ) — N/A 0.2 (2.4 ) >100 % Adjustments to noncontrolling interests (b) (1.8 ) (1.7 ) (6 %) (6.9 ) (7.0 ) 1 % Change in tax provision due to adjustments to Reported Net income (loss) attributable to Coty Inc. 21.7 (36.8 ) >100 % 4.5 55.7 (92 %) Adjustment for deemed Series B Preferred Stock dividends related to the First and Second Exchanges (c) (f) — — N/A — 160.0 (100 %) Adjusted Net income (loss) attributable to Coty Inc. $ 5.2 $ (5.7 ) >100 % $ 457.9 $ 232.1 97 % % of Net revenues 0.4 % (0.5 %) 8.2 % 4.4 % Per Share Data Adjusted weighted-average common shares Basic 852.0 838.4 849.0 820.6 Diluted (c) (f) 864.7 838.4 862.8 834.1 Adjusted Net income (loss) attributable to Coty Inc. per Common Share Basic $ 0.01 $ (0.01 ) $ 0.54 $ 0.28 Diluted (c) $ 0.01 $ (0.01 ) $ 0.53 $ 0.28(a) See a description of adjustments under “Adjusted Operating Income (loss) for Coty Inc.” (b) The amounts represent the after-tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments included in Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest based on the relevant noncontrolling interest percentage in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. (c) Diluted EPS is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities  including awards under the Company's equity compensation plans  the convertible Series B Preferred Stock and the Forward Repurchase Contracts. When calculating any potential dilutive effect of stock options  Series A Preferred Stock  restricted stock PRSUs and RSUs  the Company uses the treasury method and the if-converted method for the Convertible Series B Preferred Stock and the Forward Repurchase Contracts. The treasury method typically does not adjust the net income attributable to Coty Inc.  while the if-converted method requires an adjustment to reverse the impact of the preferred stock dividends  if dilutive  on net income applicable to common stockholders during the period. (d) The amount represents the realized and unrealized gain recognized for the change in the fair value of the investment in Wella Company. (e) For the three months ended June 30  2023  this primarily represents the amortization of basis differences in certain equity method investments and pension curtailment gains. For the twelve months ended June 30  2023  this primarily represents the amortization of basis differences in certain equity method investments and pension curtailment gains. For the twelve months ended June 30  2022  this primarily represents a net gain on the exchange of Series B Preferred Stock closed on October 20  2021  partially offset by the amortization of basis differences in certain equity method investments and pension curtailment losses. (f) For the twelve months ended June 30  2023  this adjustment represents the deemed dividend from the Second Exchange that closed on November 30  2021 and the deemed dividend from the First Exchange that closed on October 20  2021. (g) This amount reflects certain working capital adjustments related to the sale of the Wella Company.RECONCILIATION OF NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES TO FREE CASH FLOWCOTY INC. Three Months Ended June 30  Year Ended June 30  (in millions) 2023 2022 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 104.9 $ (32.9 ) $ 625.7 $ 726.6 Capital expenditures (66.8 ) (41.1 ) (222.8 ) (174.1 ) Free cash flow $ 38.1 $ (74.0 ) $ 402.9 $ 552.5RECONCILIATION OF TOTAL DEBT TO ECONOMIC NET DEBTCOTY INC. As of (in millions) June 30  2023 Total debt $ 4 281.6 Less: Cash and cash equivalents 246.9 Financial Net debt $ 4 034.7 Less: Value of Wella stake 1 060.0 Economic Net debt $ 2 974.7RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME TO ADJUSTED EBITDATwelve months ended June 30  2023 CONTINUING (in millions) OPERATIONS Adjusted operating income (a) $ 738.8 Add: Adjusted depreciation (b) 234.0 Adjusted EBITDA $ 972.8(a) For a reconciliation of adjusted operating income (loss) to operating income (loss) for continuing operations for the period  see the table entitled “Reconciliation of Reported Operating Income (loss) to Adjusted Operating Income for Continuing Operations” for the period. (b) Adjusted depreciation for the twelve months ended June 30  2023 represents depreciation expense for continuing operations for the period  excluding accelerated depreciation.FINANCIAL NET DEBT/ADJUSTED EBITDAJune 30  2023 Financial Net Debt - Coty Inc. $ 4 034.7 Adjusted EBITDA - Continuing operations 972.8 Financial Net Debt/Adjusted EBITDA 4.15RECONCILIATION OF REPORTED NET REVENUES TO LIKE-FOR-LIKE NET REVENUESThree Months Ended June 30  2023 vs. Three Months Ended June 30  2022 Net Revenue Change Net Revenues Change YoY Reported Basis Constant Currency Impact from Acquisitions and Divestitures and Market Exit from Russia (a) LFL and Core Business Excluding Russia Prestige 21 % 21 % — % 21 % Consumer Beauty 9 % 10 % — % 10 % Total Continuing Operations 16 % 17 % — % 17 %Year Ended June 30  2023 vs. Year Ended June 30  2022 Net Revenue Change Net Revenues Change YoY Reported Basis Constant Currency Impact from Acquisitions and Divestitures and Market Exit from Russia (a) LFL H1 Impact from Russia Exit Core Business Excluding Russia (b) Prestige 5 % 10 % (1 )% 11 % (2 )% 13 % Consumer Beauty 5 % 9 % (1 )% 10 % (1 )% 11 % Total Continuing Operations 5 % 10 % (1 )% 11 % (1 )% 12 %(a) The Company ceased commercial activities in Russia at the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2023. As a result  there are no revenues from Russia after the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2023. To maintain comparability  we have excluded the third and fourth quarters fiscal 2022 financial contribution of the Russian subsidiary  in calculating the LFL revenue change. (b) Core Business excluding Russia excludes revenues from Russia for the full twelve months of fiscal years 2023 and 2022. After the Company's decision to exit Russia  management provided revenue guidance for the core business  after adjusting for the impact of the Russia exit. The Core Business Excluding Russia column is intended to help readers bridge the Company's year-to-date performance to our full year revenue guidance.COTY INC. & SUBSIDIARIESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(in millions) June 30 2023 June 30 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 246.9 $ 233.3 Restricted cash 36.9 30.5 Trade receivables  net 360.9 364.6 Inventories 853.4 661.5 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 553.6 392.0 Total current assets 2 051.7 1 681.9 Property and equipment  net 712.9 715.5 Goodwill 3 987.9 3 914.7 Other intangible assets  net 3 798.0 3 902.8 Equity investments 1 068.9 842.6 Operating lease right-of-use assets 286.7 320.9 Other noncurrent assets 755.5 737.7 TOTAL ASSETS $ 12 661.6 $ 12 116.1 LIABILITIES  MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 1 444.7 $ 1 268.3 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 57.9 23.0 Other current liabilities 1 234.2 1 274.3 Total current liabilities 2 736.8 2 565.6 Long-term debt  net 4 178.2 4 409.1 Long-term operating lease liabilities 247.5 282.2 Other noncurrent liabilities 1 265.8 1 301.2 TOTAL LIABILITIES 8 428.3 8 558.1 CONVERTIBLE SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK 142.4 142.4 REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 93.5 69.8 EQUITY: Preferred Stock — — Class A Common Stock 9.1 9.0 Additional paid-in capital 10 898.6 10 805.8 Accumulated deficit (4 987.9 ) (5 496.1 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (662.4 ) (717.9 ) Treasury stock (1 446.3 ) (1 446.3 ) Total Coty Inc. stockholders’ equity 3 811.1 3 154.5 Noncontrolling interests 186.3 191.3 Total equity 3 997.4 3 345.8 TOTAL LIABILITIES  MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 12 661.6 $ 12 116.1COTY INC. & SUBSIDIARIESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWSYear Ended June 30  2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) $ 523.2 267.7 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 426.7 516.4 Non-cash lease expense 63.6 78.5 Asset impairment charges — 31.4 Deferred income taxes 56.3 12.1 (Release) Provision for bad debts (18.9 ) 20.5 Provision for pension and other post-employment benefits 8.5 12.7 Share-based compensation 135.9 195.5 (Gain) loss on sale of business in discontinued operations and other business divestiture — (6.1 ) (Gains) losses on disposals of long-term assets and license terminations  net (99.7 ) (115.8 ) Realized and unrealized gains from equity investments  net (226.3 ) (400.3 ) Unrealized gains on forward repurchase contracts  net (196.9 ) (16.1 ) Other 38.8 4.5 Change in operating assets and liabilities  net of effects from purchase of acquired companies: Trade receivables 36.8 (77.2 ) Inventories (180.3 ) (48.3 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets (15.2 ) (12.7 ) Accounts payable 138.4 140.5 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities (21.9 ) 129.6 Operating lease liabilities (61.0 ) (70.7 ) Other assets and liabilities  net 17.7 64.4 Net cash provided by operating activities 625.7 726.6 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures (222.8 ) (174.1 ) Proceeds from sale of long lived assets and license termination 104.6 179.2 Proceeds from sale of discontinued business  net of cash acquired and related contingent consideration — 34.0 Return of capital from equity investments — 230.6 Net cash provided by investing activities (118.2 ) 269.7 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Repayments from debt  net (268.2 ) (721.1 ) Dividend payment on Class A Common Stock and Convertible Series B Preferred Stock (13.7 ) (57.2 ) Proceeds from issuance of Class A Common Stock and Convertible Series B Preferred Stock 0.9 — Net (payments) for foreign currency contracts (128.1 ) (178.5 ) Payments related to forward repurchase contracts (26.4 ) — Purchase of remaining mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest — (7.1 ) Payment of deferred financing fees — (39.6 ) Other financing activities (33.8 ) (30.5 ) Net cash used in financing activities (469.3 ) (1 034.0 ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH  CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH (18.2 ) (8.9 ) NET DECREASE IN CASH  CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 20.0 (46.6 ) CASH  CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH—Beginning of period 263.8 310.4 CASH  CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH—End of period $ 283.8 $ 263.8View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230822608607/en/",neutral,0.25,0.73,0.01,positive,0.66,0.3,0.04,True,English,"['Outstanding FY23 Results', 'Coty', 'high single digit to double digit LFL growth', 'low single digit volume growth', 'Chloe Atelier des Fleurs line', '9-10% core LFL sales growth', 'Gucci Flora Gorgeous Jasmine', 'Medium Term Growth Algorithm', 'Clean Fresh Yummy Gloss', 'prestige skincare acceleration strategy', 'CoverGirl Simply Ageless line', 'strong FY23 core LFL growth', 'Mid Term Target Range', 'FY24 Sales Growth Outlook', 'strong global beauty demand', 'ultra- premium fragrance segment', ""Bourjois' Healthy Mix foundation"", 'double digit growth', 'double digit percentages', 'Q4 gross margin improvement', 'low teens percentage', '12-15% LFL growth', 'strategic growth pillars', 'prestige cosmetics line', 'core LFL revenues', 'core LFL basis', 'Russia business exit', 'Burberry Hero EDP', 'Burberry Her Elixir', 'Jil Sander licenses', 'Marc Jacobs license', 'revenue management efforts', 'supply chain savings', 'Strong Sales Growth', 'Miracle Pure foundation', 'Consumer Beauty revenue', 'twelfth consecutive quarter', 'Hugo Boss Parfum', 'underlying beauty market', 'prestige fragrance market', 'prestige fragrance revenues', 'gross margin expansion', 'positive early results', 'Operating Margin Expansion', 'strong Q4 performance', '25% LFL growth', 'double digits', 'strong growth', 'clean beauty', 'Prestige segment', 'strong performance', 'recent target', 'Mind range', 'fragrance category', 'fragrance portfolio', 'skinified beauty', 'early part', 'gross margins', 'strong year', 'market activations', 'adjusted basis', 'operating income', '3x Exiting', 'fourth quarter', 'negative impact', 'competitive set', 'full effect', 'industry-leading innovations', 'Chinese lockdowns', 'leading brands', 'market-leading trends', 'Active Skin', 'Max Factor', 'COGS inflation', '40 bps increase', '20 bps increase', 'fiscal year', 'prior year', 'full year', 'The Company', 'consistent momentum', 'top brands', 'Asia Pacific', 'new launches', '10% LFL', '61% growth', '25% growth', 'Coty Inc.', '110 bps', 'Q4.', 'Both', 'Divisions', 'Expectations', 'Leverage', 'CY23', 'CY24', 'Track', 'profits', 'guidance', 'categories', 'geographies', 'channels', '10% benefit', 'price', 'extension', 'Davidoff', 'plans', 'spring', 'Lancaster', 'philosophy', 'initiatives', 'majority', 'adidas', 'regions', 'Americas', 'EMEA', 'YoY', 'pricing', 'EBITDA']",2023-08-22,2023-08-23,marketscreener.com
