UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49708,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/ssc-technologies-welcomes-seasoned-global-business-leader-francesco-vanni-darchirafi-to-its-board-of-directors-302412611.html,SS&C Technologies Welcomes Seasoned Global Business Leader Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi to its Board of Directors,WINDSOR  Conn.  March 27  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- SS&C Technologies Holdings  Inc. (Nasdaq: SSNC) today announced the election of Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi as a new independent director to its Board of Directors. Francesco is a seasoned global business leader …,"WINDSOR  Conn.  March 27  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- SS&C Technologies Holdings  Inc. (Nasdaq: SSNC) today announced the election of Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi as a new independent director to its Board of Directors. Francesco is a seasoned global business leader with a record of strategically growing revenue  earnings  and shareholder value at public and privately-owned financial services companies.""We are delighted to welcome Francesco "" said Bill Stone  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. ""Francesco has extensive experience running large global enterprises in executive and board capacities. His deep expertise in financial services  M&A and securities services will help SS&C achieve its strategic goals. His global expertise will be invaluable in guiding SS&C's ongoing international expansion.""Francesco is the Chair of the Board of Directors of Euroclear Holding and Euroclear SA/NV. He is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Verti S.p.A. and a member of the Board of Directors of Mapfre International S.A. and Mapfre S.A.  where he chairs its Audit and Compliance committee. He held multiple leadership roles at Citi  including CEO of Global Transaction Services and CEO of Citi Holdings. Francesco has also served on the boards of Banco Nacional De Mexico SA  the Private Export Funding Corporation and LCH Group Holdings Ltd and was Chairman of Citibank Europe plc and Citi International plc.Commenting on his appointment  Francesco said: ""I am honored to join SS&C's Board of Directors. SS&C has a strong reputation for innovation  excellence and focus. I am excited to be a part of its continued growth and success.""David Varsano  Board member and Nominating and Governance Committee Chairman  added: ""As a member of the SS&C's Board  I am excited to have Francesco join our ranks. His extensive experience in large global enterprises and commitment to improving the world of finance make him an excellent addition. I am confident he will contribute to our growth.""In addition to his corporate board roles  Francesco also sits on the boards of multiple nonprofits  including United Way Worldwide  Voluntary Solidarity Fund International  The Felix Project  Junior Achievement Worldwide  and on the advisory board of several leading business schools.About SS&C TechnologiesSS&C is a global provider of services and software for the financial services and healthcare industries. Founded in 1986  SS&C is headquartered in Windsor  Connecticut  and has offices around the world. More than 22 000 financial services and healthcare organizations  from the world's largest companies to small and mid-market firms  rely on SS&C for expertise  scale and technology.Additional information about SS&C (Nasdaq: SSNC) is available at www.ssctech.com.Follow SS&C on Twitter  LinkedIn and Facebook.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/692536/SSC_Logo.jpg",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"[""Seasoned Global Business Leader Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi"", 'SS&C Technologies', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Banco Nacional De Mexico SA', 'Private Export Funding Corporation', 'several leading business schools', 'Voluntary Solidarity Fund International', 'LCH Group Holdings Ltd', 'Verti S.p.A.', 'seasoned global business leader', 'Mapfre International S.A.', ""Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi"", 'privately-owned financial services companies', 'SS&C Technologies Holdings', 'Mapfre S.A.', 'ongoing international expansion', 'new independent director', 'Citibank Europe plc', 'United Way Worldwide', 'The Felix Project', 'Junior Achievement Worldwide', 'large global enterprises', 'multiple leadership roles', 'Citi International plc', 'Global Transaction Services', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'corporate board roles', 'Governance Committee Chairman', 'Citi Holdings', 'M&A', 'largest companies', 'global provider', '22,000 financial services', 'global expertise', 'Compliance committee', 'multiple nonprofits', 'securities services', 'growing revenue', 'shareholder value', 'Bill Stone', 'extensive experience', 'strategic goals', 'Euroclear Holding', 'Euroclear SA/NV', 'strong reputation', 'David Varsano', 'healthcare industries', 'healthcare organizations', 'mid-market firms', 'Additional information', 'deep expertise', 'board capacities', 'continued growth', 'excellent addition', 'advisory board', 'Board member', 'WINDSOR', 'Conn.', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'SSNC', 'election', 'Directors', 'record', 'earnings', 'public', 'Audit', 'CEO', 'boards', 'appointment', 'innovation', 'excellence', 'focus', 'part', 'success', 'Nominating', 'ranks', 'commitment', 'finance', 'software', 'Connecticut', 'offices', 'More', 'small', 'scale', 'technology', 'ssctech', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Logo']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,prnewswire.co.uk
49709,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050701/0/en/Baltic-Horizon-Fund-general-meeting-of-investors-and-a-notice-to-convene-a-new-general-meeting-of-investors.html,Baltic Horizon Fund general meeting of investors and a notice to convene a new general meeting of investors,Extraordinary General Meeting (hereinafter the “General Meeting”) of Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt (hereinafter the “SDR”) holders (hereinafter together the “Investors”) took place on 27 March 2025 in Tallinn  Estonia.,Extraordinary General Meeting (hereinafter the “General Meeting”) of Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt (hereinafter the “SDR”) holders (hereinafter together the “Investors”) took place on 27 March 2025 in Tallinn  Estonia.Proposed agenda of the meeting  as proposed by a unitholder  was the following:Decision to elect Andrius Smaliukas as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to elect Milda Dargužaitė as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to elect Antanas Anskaitis as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to pay remuneration to the chairman of the supervisory board for fulfilling obligations of the member of the supervisory board in the amount of EUR 36 000 per calendar year. Decision to pay remuneration to supervisory board members  other than the chairman  for fulfilling obligations of the member of the supervisory board in the amount of EUR 11 000 per calendar year. Decision to recall Reimo Hammerberg  Monica Hammer and David Bergendahl from the position of the supervisory board member of Baltic Horizon Fund with the last date of the office being 30 April 2025.3 investors were registered as attending the meeting  holding less than 1% of the fund units which is below the required quorum. Investors were not able to adopt the proposed resolutions.Notice to convene a new general meetingAccording to section 10.11 of the rules of the fund  the management company Northern Horizon Capital AS convenes a new general meeting  with the same agenda.The new general meeting of Baltic Horizon Fund is to be held on 7 April 2025 at 13:00 (local Estonian time) at the office of Northern Horizon Capital AS at Roseni 7 (A tower)  6th floor  10111 Tallinn  Estonia. Registration for the meeting will begin at 12:00. The General Meeting will be held in English.The meeting is convened in accordance with sections 10.3.3  10.5  10.11  11.2 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund and section 47-1 of the Investment Funds Act of Estonia.Investors are invited to join the webinar to view the General Meeting online on 7 April 2025 at 13:00. Investors are invited to issue a power of attorney with instructions for voting to exercise their rights as an Investor. We propose the Investors to consider designating fund manager Tarmo Karotam as their authorised representative (please see instructions below and templates at Annex 1).To join the webinar  please register via the following link:https://nasdaq.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_vSmhsW1uQhqwRaTQ3EBXBAYou will be provided with the webinar link and instructions how to join successfully. The webinar will be recorded and available online for everyone at the company’s website on www.baltichorizon.com.The total number of units and votes in Baltic Horizon Fund amounts to 143 562 514.Agenda  as proposed by the unitholder:Decision to elect Andrius Smaliukas as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to elect Milda Dargužaitė as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to elect Antanas Anskaitis as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to pay remuneration to the chairman of the supervisory board for fulfilling obligations of the member of the supervisory board in the amount of EUR 36 000 per calendar year. Decision to pay remuneration to supervisory board members  other than the chairman  for fulfilling obligations of the member of the supervisory board in the amount of EUR 11 000 per calendar year. Decision to recall Reimo Hammerberg  Monica Hammer and David Bergendahl from the position of the supervisory board member of Baltic Horizon Fund with the last date of the office being 30 April 2025.Investors are invited to send questions and comments on the agenda to the Baltic Horizon fund manager at Tarmo.Karotam@nh-cap.com by 31 March 2025. Northern Horizon Capital AS will respond to the questions and comments at the meeting itself.Participation – requirements and noticeInvestors who are entered in the Baltic Horizon Fund registry of unit-holders maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE and holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system ten days before the date of the General Meeting  i.e. at the end of business of Nasdaq CSD SE on 28 March 2025  are entitled to participate in the meeting.In order to facilitate the registration process  investors whose units are registered in their own name are invited to provide notice of their attendance by 4 April 2025 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com. Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the unit-holder of the right to participate at the meeting.Instructions to holders of Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenIMPORTANT REQUIREMENT: SDR holders whose SDR-s are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB via a bank or other nominee are required to notify their bank or nominee account provider by end of business of 28 March 2025 to temporarily add their name on the Euroclear Sweden AB owner register.Representation under a power of attorneyInvestors whose representatives are acting under a power of attorney are requested to prepare a written power of attorney for the representative in Estonian or English (templates can be found at Annex 1).A copy of the executed power of attorney should be sent to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com together with the notice of participation. In case the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a certified copy of the registration certificate (or equivalent certificate of authority) shall also be submitted together with  as applicable  the documents certifying the authority of the representative in case the power of attorney is signed by a person under a power of attorney.Baltic Horizon Fund is registered in Estonia  which means that any power of attorney (or any certified copy of the registration certificate of a legal person) issued in a foreign country should be notarised and accompanied by an apostille. The apostille requirement applies  for example  to powers of attorney issued and notarised in Sweden or Finland.Instructions for the day of the General MeetingWe kindly ask Investors to bring a personal identification document  and for their representatives also to present the original written power of attorney in English or Estonian. In case the Investor is a legal person  documentation in Estonian or English certifying the authority of the Investor’s representative or the signatory of the power of attorney will also be requested.Data collected by Northern Horizon Capital AS from powers of attorney  the unitholders registry maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE  and the list of holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system will be used for the purpose of registration and preparing the voting list for the meeting.Northern Horizon Capital AS proposals on the agenda itemsDecision to elect Andrius Smaliukas as a new member of the supervisory board of the Baltic Horizon FundAccording to section 11.2 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund the members of the supervisory board shall be appointed at the general meeting for a period of at least two years. The proposal is to elect Andrius Smaliukas as a new member of the supervisory board.Dr. Smaliukas is the Managing Partner at MMSP  a Lithuanian law firm focused on strategic corporate advisory and dispute resolution. He previously partnered at one of the leading Pan-Baltic firm  Valiunas Ellex  and holds nearly 20 years of experience as an arbitrator and international arbitration lead counsel. Dr. Smaliukas earned his Ph.D. and Master of Laws from Vilnius University  conducted postgraduate research at Oxford  and completed executive programs at Cambridge Judge Business School and Harvard Law School. Dr.Smaliukas serves on the boards of Staticus Group  Kesko Senukai  has extensive advisory experience in commercial real estate M&A and investment management across the Baltic countries.Andrius Smaliukas does not hold any units of the Baltic Horizon Fund.Decision to elect Milda Dargužaitė as a new member of the supervisory board of the Baltic Horizon FundAccording to section 11.2 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund the members of the supervisory board shall be appointed at the general meeting for a period of at least two years. The proposal is to elect Milda Dargužaitė as a new member of the supervisory board.Milda Dargužaitė is the former CEO of Northern Horizon Capital A/S  the shareholder of Northern Horizon Capital AS. She was responsible for managing the company's operations and strategic direction  including the development of new funds and investment vehicles. Milda has significant experience in both the public and private sectors  locally and internationally. She joined the company in 2018 after roles as the Chancellor at the Lithuanian Prime Minister's Office  Managing Director of Invest Lithuania  and advisor to the Lithuanian Minister of Economy. Milda has a wealth of experience in finance and portfolio management from her time at Goldman Sachs in New York and Barclays in London. Milda Dargužaitė was the supervisory board member of Northern Horizon Capital AS from July 2018 until September 2023.Milda holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and Economics from Middlebury College and a master’s degree in Operations Research and Financial Engineering from Princeton University. She has served on the boards of several Northern Horizon Group entities.Milda Dargužaitė does not hold any units of the Baltic Horizon Fund.Decision to elect Antanas Anskaitis as a new member of the supervisory board of the Baltic Horizon FundAccording to section 11.2 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund the members of the supervisory board shall be appointed at the general meeting for a period of at least two years. The proposal is to elect Antanas Anskaitis as a new member of the supervisory board.Antanas Anskaitis is a partner at Grinvest which is a private investment company with interests in real estate and transportation. Antanas has over 20 years of real estate investment management experience (out of which 16 within Northern Horizon Capital group). Since 2015 until 2020 Antanas managed a successful Baltic-Polish investment portfolio on behalf of Partners Group and lead over 30 commercial property transactions in the Baltics and Poland having experience both on sell and buy side. Antanas has MSc in Management and Economics.Grinvest through its subsidiary in Estonia Gene Investments OÜ is the largest unitholder in Baltic Horizon Fund (>25%) at the time of this notice.Decision to pay remuneration to the chairman of the supervisory boardAccording to section 11.11 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund  supervisory board members are entitled to remuneration for their service. The amount of remuneration payable to the chairman and members of the supervisory board shall be decided at the general meeting. According to section 11.4 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund  supervisory board members elect a chairman from among themselves in the first meeting after election of any new member(s).The supervisory board in this composition intends working in close liaison with Northern Horizon Capital AS in the subcommittees and meet at least once a month while Baltic Horizon Fund is in the turnaround phase. The proposal is therefore to pay remuneration to the chairman of the supervisory board in the amount of EUR 36 000 per calendar year.Decision to pay remuneration to supervisory board membersAccording to section 11.11 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund  supervisory board members are entitled to remuneration for their service. The amount of remuneration payable to the chairman and members of the supervisory board shall be decided at the general meeting.The proposed remuneration is the same as for the current members of the supervisory board. The unitholder proposes to remunerate each supervisory board member (except the chairman  who shall be remunerated in accordance with point 4 above) in the amount of EUR 11 000 per calendar year.Decision to recall Reimo Hammerberg  Monica Hammer and David Bergendahl from the position of the supervisory board member of Baltic Horizon FundAccording to section 10.3.3 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund the members of the supervisory board shall be recalled at the general meeting.Annex 1:Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in Estonian) Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in English)For additional information  please contact:Tarmo KarotamBaltic Horizon Fund managerE-mail tarmo.karotam@nh-cap.comwww.baltichorizon.comThe Fund is a registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund that is managed by Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder Northern Horizon Capital AS.Distribution: GlobeNewswire  Nasdaq Tallinn  Nasdaq Stockholm  www.baltichorizon.comTo receive Nasdaq announcements and news from Baltic Horizon Fund about its projects  plans and more  register on www.baltichorizon.com. You can also follow Baltic Horizon Fund on www.baltichorizon.com and on LinkedIn  Facebook  X and YouTube.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Baltic Horizon Fund general meeting', 'new general meeting', 'investors', 'notice', 'Euroclear Sweden AB system', 'Northern Horizon Capital AS', 'Baltic Horizon Fund registry', 'Baltic Horizon fund manager', 'Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders', 'Swedish Depositary Receipt', 'Milda Dargužaitė', 'local Estonian time', 'Investment Funds Act', 'Nasdaq CSD SE', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'supervisory board members', 'personal identification number', 'new general meeting', 'nasdaq.zoom', 'fund units', 'new member', 'Andrius Smaliukas', 'two years', 'Antanas Anskaitis', 'calendar year', 'Reimo Hammerberg', 'Monica Hammer', 'David Bergendahl', 'A tower', '6th floor', 'authorised representative', 'following link', 'total number', 'legal person', 'last date', 'registration process', 'registration number', 'management company', 'same agenda', 'webinar link', 'Tarmo Karotam', 'SDR', 'Investors', 'place', '27 March', 'Tallinn', 'unitholder', 'Decision', '1 May', 'period', 'remuneration', 'chairman', 'obligations', 'amount', 'position', 'office', 'less', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'Notice', 'section', 'rules', '7 April', 'Roseni', 'English', 'accordance', 'power', 'attorney', 'instructions', 'voting', 'rights', 'templates', 'Annex', 'WN', 'vSmhsW1uQhqwRaTQ3EBXBA', 'everyone', 'website', 'baltichorizon', 'votes', 'questions', 'comments', '31 March', 'Participation', 'requirements', 'business', '28 March', 'order', 'name', 'attendance', '4 April', 'address', 'applicable', 'representatives', '13:00', '12:00']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49710,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050383/0/en/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-TULIKIVI-CORPORATION-2025.html,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF TULIKIVI CORPORATION 2025,TULIKIVI CORPORATION   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE   27 MARCH 2025 AT 1:00 P.M. EET  Notice is given to the shareholders of Tulikivi Corporation to the...,TULIKIVI CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 27 MARCH 2025 AT 1:00 P.M. EETNotice is given to the shareholders of Tulikivi Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 24 April 2025 starting at 10:00 p.m. at the premises of Borenius Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 2  00130 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 9:30 p.m.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  which include the consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2024- Review by the CEOThe annual report of the company  including annual accounts for the year 2024  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report  will be published on 28 March 2025 and will be available from the publication date on the company's website.7. Adoption of the annual accounts  which also includes the adoption of consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe company’s distributable assets were EUR 5 073 922.64 on 31 December 2024  and the profit for the period was EUR 1 531 158.69.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the distribution of funds  in one or more instalments from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity  of a maximum of EUR 0.01 per A-share and EUR 0.0083 per K-share. The authorization would be valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting. The Board makes separate resolutions on the amount and timing of distribution of the funds so that the preliminary record and payment dates will be as set out below. The Company shall make a separate announcement of each such Board resolution.Preliminary record date Preliminary payment date 6 October 2025 15 October 2025The distribution of funds based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the payment.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report will be published on 28 March 2025 and will be available afterwards on the company’s website at www.tulikivi.com/en/.The Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for governing bodies be approved. The decision is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration and grounds for the compensation of travel costs of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the annual remuneration of each member of the Board of Directors is EUR 22 000. The annual remuneration shall be paid in the form of Series A shares in Tulikivi Corporation so that the shares are purchased on the stock exchange by 31 December 2025. The company will acquire shares from the market or transfer the company’s own shares held by the company to and on behalf of the board members. The company will bear the costs of acquiring the shares. Unless the Board of Directors grants express permission in advance on a case-by-case basis  the members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer any shares received until their membership on the Board of Directors has ended. Alternatively  the annual remuneration may be paid in whole or in part in cash. The Chair of the Board of Directors shall  in addition to this  be paid a monthly remuneration of EUR 4 500 for this work. Those members of the Board of Directors who perform non-Board of Directors assignments for the company shall be paid a fee on the basis of time rates and invoices approved by the Board of Directors. Travel costs shall be reimbursed in accordance with the company’s travelling compensation regulations.The members of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors shall receive a fee of EUR 350 per meeting. The Chair of the Audit Committee shall receive a fee of EUR 700 per meeting.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that seven members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the following current members of the Board of Directors be re-elected for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting: Jaakko Aspara  Niko Haavisto  Satoko Taguma  Ludmila Niemi  Tarmo Tuominen  Jyrki Tähtinen and Heikki Vauhkonen. The Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors also proposes that Panu Paappanen be elected to the Board of Directors as a new member.All candidates have consented to being elected.Further information on the current and proposed members of the Board of Directors is available on the company’s website at https://www.tulikivi.com/en/tulikivi/Board_of_directors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the fees of the auditor be paid according to approved invoices.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants KPMG Oy Ab will be elected as the auditor  with Ms Heli Tuuri  Authorised Public Accountant  acting as the auditor in charge  for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and issuance of rights of option and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of new shares or the company’s own shares in the possession of the company. The new shares and the company’s own shares in possession of the company could be issued either against payment or without payment to the company's shareholders in accordance with their proportional ownership of the company’s shares or through a directed issue by deviating from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right provided that there is a weighty financial reason for the deviation from the company’s point of view. A directed share issue could only be made without payment if there is an especially weighty financial reason for it from the point of view of the company and all its shareholders.In addition  the authorisation would include a right to issue shares without payment to the company itself  provided that the number of shares issued to the company would not exceed one tenth (1/10) of all shares in the company. When calculating this number  the number of shares held by the company as well as those held by its subsidiaries must be taken into account as set out in Chapter 15  section 11(1) of the Companies Act.The authorisation would also include the right to issue special rights  as defined in Chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act  which entitle to subscribe for new shares in the company or the company's own shares in the possession of the company against payment. The payment may be made either in cash or by setting off the subscriber’s receivable against the company as payment for the share subscription.The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on other issues related to the share issues.On the basis of this authorisation  (including shares issued on the basis of special rights) a maximum total of 10 437 748 Series A shares and a maximum total of 1 536 500 Series K shares  i.e. a maximum of 11 974 248 shares in the aggregate  may be issued  regardless of whether such shares are new shares or the company’s own shares in the company’s possession.The authorisation to issue shares is in force until the Annual General Meeting to be held in 2026 but until 30 June 2026 at the latest. The authorization will not revoke any prior authorizations granted to the Board of Directors.17. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the general meetingThe above-mentioned proposals of the Board of Directors  the remuneration report for governing bodies  and this notice are available on Tulikivi Corporation’s website at http://www.tulikivi.com/en/tulikivi/General_meetings. The annual report of Tulikivi Corporation  including the company’s annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report as well as remuneration policy and the Corporate Governance Statement  shall be disclosed and will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 28 March 2025. Copies of the aforementioned documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website 8 May 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants to the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting on 10 April 2025 in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. has the right to participate in the General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account are registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.Shareholders wishing to participate in the General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than 17 April 2025 10:00 a.m. by notifying the company of their participation. The registration shall be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date and time.Shareholders can register for the General Meeting:a) by email / maj-lis.kallinen@tulikivi.fi;b) by telephone at +358 207 636 321 (Mon to Fri from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m);c) by regular mail to Tulikivi Corporation / General Meeting  Kuhnustantie 65  FI-83900 Juuka  Finland; ord) at the company’s offices at Kuhnustantie 65  83900 Juuka (Mon to Fri from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m).In connection with the registration  shareholders shall notify requested information including their name  personal identity code or company ID and contact details  and the name of any assistant or proxy and his / her personal date of birth.Personal data given to Tulikivi Corporation is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders and their representatives or proxies shall be able to prove their identity and / or right to represent the shareholder upon request.2. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise prove in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Any proxy documents should be delivered in originals to the address: Tulikivi Corporation / General Meeting  Kuhnustantie 65  FI-83900 Juuka  Finland on or before the last date for registration.3. Holders of a nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he / she on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 10 April 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest by 17 April 2025 10:00 a.m. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to request in good time necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.4. Other instructions and informationInformation regarding the General Meeting set out in the Limited Liability Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act are available on the company’s general meeting website at http://www.tulikivi.com/en/tulikivi/General_meetings.The meeting will be held in Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares in Tulikivi Corporation is 59 871 243 of which the number of Series A shares is 52 188 743 and the number of Series K shares is 7 682 500. Of these shares  a total of 124 200 Series A shares are held by the company. Series A shares have 52 064 543 votes altogether and Series K shares have 76 825 000 votes. On the basis of the above  a maximum of 128 889 543 votes can be cast at the General Meeting.In Helsinki  on 27 March 2025TULIKIVI CORPORATIONBOARD OF DIRECTORSDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.tulikivi.comFurther information: Heikki Vauhkonen  Managing Director  tel. +358 (0)40 524 5593,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.41,0.59,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'TULIKIVI CORPORATION', 'NOTICE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'TULIKIVI CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'Borenius Attorneys Ltd', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'travelling compensation regulations', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'Preliminary record date', 'Preliminary payment date', 'Series A shares', 'The Nomination Committee', 'following matters', 'A. Matters', 'publication date', 'annual remuneration', 'Audit Committee', 'annual report', 'Thursday 24 April', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'balance sheet', 'distributable assets', 'unrestricted equity', 'separate resolutions', 'payment dates', 'separate announcement', 'governing bodies', 'express permission', 'time rates', 'Jaakko Aspara', 'Niko Haavisto', 'Satoko Taguma', 'Ludmila Niemi', 'monthly remuneration', 'travel costs', 'shareholders’ register', 'remuneration report', 'seven members', 'current members', 'Directors assignments', 'case basis', 'The Board', 'board members', 'Board resolution', 'MARCH', 'Notice', 'premises', '00130 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'year 2024', 'Review', 'CEO', 'company', 'website', 'use', 'profit', '31 December', 'period', 'distribution', 'funds', 'one', 'instalments', 'reserve', 'maximum', 'A-share', 'K-share', 'authorization', 'amount', 'timing', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'decision', 'grounds', 'form', 'market', 'behalf', 'advance', 'membership', 'part', 'cash', 'Chair', 'addition', 'work', 'fee', 'invoices', 'accordance', 'number', 'term', 'office', 'closing', 'Tarmo', '1:00', '10:00', '9:30', '7.']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49711,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050906/0/en/Resolutions-by-Lassila-Tikanoja-plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-constitutive-meeting-of-the-Board-of-Directors.html,Resolutions by Lassila & Tikanoja plc's Annual General Meeting and the constitutive meeting of the Board of Directors,Lassila & Tikanoja plcStock exchange release27 March  2025 at 7.30 p.m.  Resolutions by Lassila & Tikanoja plc's Annual General Meeting and the......,Lassila & Tikanoja plcStock exchange release27 March  2025 at 7.30 p.m.Resolutions by Lassila & Tikanoja plc's Annual General Meeting and the constitutive meeting of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja plc  which was held today  on 27 March 2025  adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2024  discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability and adopted the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies. The Annual General Meeting resolved on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend  the amendment of the Articles of Association of the Company  the composition and remuneration of the Board of Directors  the election and remuneration of the Auditor  the election of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider and authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares and on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Annual General Meeting resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.50 per share be paid on the basis of the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2024. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for dividend payment  31 March 2025. The dividend will be paid on 7 April 2025.Resolution on the amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Board's proposal  to amend the Articles 4  16 and 13 of the Company’s Articles of Association as follows:Article 4 is amended so that the Board of Directors may consist of no less than three (3) and no more than eight (8) members  instead of the previous no more than seven (7) members.Article 6 is amended so that in addition to the auditor  the Company shall have a sustainability reporting assurance provider.Article 13 is amended so that the assurance report on sustainability reporting shall be presented at the Annual General Meeting and the Annual General Meeting shall elect a sustainability reporting assurance provider  in addition to the issues specified in the previous Article 13 of the Articles of Association.Resolutions on the composition and remuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting confirmed the number of members of the Board of Directors as eight (8) in accordance with the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board. Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Juuso Maijala  Anni Ronkainen  and Pasi Tolppanen were re-elected and Tuija Kalpala as well as Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini was elected as new members to the Board until the end of the following Annual General Meeting. Jukka Leinonen was elected as the Chairman of the Board and Sakari Lassila was elected as the Vice Chairman.The Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  that the annual fees to be paid to the members of the Board be as follows: Chairman EUR 70 000  Vice Chairman EUR 47 000 and ordinary members EUR 35 000. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  that if a member of the Board of Directors were to serve as the chairman of the Audit Committee or the Personnel and Sustainability Committee  and not simultaneously serve as the chairman or vice chairman of the Board of Directors  their annual remuneration would be EUR 47 000.The fees shall be paid so that 40% of the annual fee is paid in Lassila & Tikanoja plc's shares held by the Company or  if this is not feasible  shares acquired from the market  and 60% in cash. Shares are to be issued to Board members and  where necessary  acquired directly from the market on behalf of Board members on the third trading day after the publication of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s interim report for the first quarter of 2025. In addition  the following meeting fees will be paid to the members of the Board of Directors: Chairman EUR 1 000  Vice Chairman EUR 700 and ordinary members EUR 500 per meeting. Meeting fees will also be paid to the Chairman and to the members of committees established by the Board as follows: Chairman EUR 700 and ordinary members EUR 500.Auditor and Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Annual General Meeting elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  as the auditor of the Company until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will name Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the auditor with principal responsibility. The Annual General Meeting resolved that the auditor’s remuneration be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the Company.The Annual General Meeting elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  as the sustainability reporting assurance provider of the Company until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will name Samuli Perälä  Authorised Sustainability Auditor  as the responsible authorised sustainability auditor.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares under the following terms and conditions:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is authorised to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 of the Company’s own shares using the Company’s non-restricted equity. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2% of the Company’s total number of shares on the publication date of the notice to the meeting.The Company’s own shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders through trading on a regulated market organised by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Stock Exchange”) at the market price quoted at the time of the repurchase. Shares will be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of the Stock Exchange and Euroclear Finland Ltd.The purpose of the share repurchase is to develop the Company’s capital structure and/or to use the shares as consideration in potential acquisitions  other business arrangements  as part of the Company’s share-based incentive programme  or to finance investments. The repurchased shares may either be held by the Company or cancelled or conveyed.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the share repurchase. The share repurchase authorisation is valid for 18 months. The share repurchase authorisation revokes the previous authorisations for repurchasing the Company’s own shares.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more instalments  on the issuance of new shares or shares possibly held by the Company through a share issue and/or the issuance of option rights or other special rights entitling to shares  as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that by virtue of the authorisation altogether 2 000 000 shares may be issued and/or conveyed at a maximum. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the publication date of the notice to the meeting.The authorisation can be used for the financing or execution of potential acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes subject to the Board of Directors’ decision.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms and conditions of the share issue and the issuance of special rights as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The authorisation thus includes the right to issue shares also in a proportion other than that of the shareholders’ current shareholdings in the Company under the conditions provided in law  the right to issue shares against payment or without charge as well as the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the Company itself  subject to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum amount of treasury shares.The authorisation is valid for 18 months. The share authorisation revokes the previous authorisations for the Board to decide on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/ on 10 April 2025 at the latest.Constitutive meeting of the Board of DirectorsIn its constitutive meeting held after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors elected the members of the Audit Committee and the Personnel and Sustainability Committee from amongst its members.The members of the Audit Committee are Teemu Kangas-Kärki (Chairman)  Sakari Lassila  Tuija Kalpala and Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini.The members of the Personnel and Sustainability Committee are Jukka Leinonen (Chairman)  Juuso Maijala  Pasi Tolppanen and Anni Ronkainen.LASSILA & TIKANOJA PLCEero HautaniemiPresident and CEOFor additional information  please contact:General Counsel  SVP HR and LegalHilppa Rautpalo  tel. +358 46 876 7123Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials  manufacturing sites and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions’ carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs approximately 7 400 people. Net sales in 2024 amounted to EUR 770.7 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.43,0.56,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'constitutive meeting', 'Tikanoja plc', 'Resolutions', 'Lassila', 'Board', 'Directors', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm', 'Authorised Public Accountants', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Teemu Kangas-Kärki', 'third trading day', 'Samuli Perälä', 'following meeting fees', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'assurance report', 'annual fees', 'Sustainability Committee', 'constitutive meeting', 'Audit Committee', 'annual remuneration', 'Tikanoja plc', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'special rights', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'Jukka Leinonen', 'Juuso Maijala', 'Anni Ronkainen', 'Pasi Tolppanen', 'Tuija Kalpala', 'Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini', 'interim report', 'first quarter', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'principal responsibility', 'eight (8) members', 'seven (7) members', 'new members', 'ordinary members', 'share issue', 'Vice Chairman', 'Remuneration Report', 'Sakari Lassila', 'Board members', 'previous Article', 'dividend payment', '27 March', 'Resolutions', 'Directors', 'President', 'CEO', 'liability', 'Company', 'profit', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'composition', 'election', 'Auditor', 'repurchase', 'shares', 'issuance', 'basis', '7 April', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'less', 'addition', 'issues', 'number', 'Personnel', 'market', 'cash', 'behalf', 'publication', 'committees', 'close', 'invoice', '7.30']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49712,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/conditions-riksbank-auctions-government-bonds-152000742.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1053  SE0002829192  2039-03-30Bid date2025-04-04Bid times09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateOffered volume (corresponding nominal amount)1060: 1500 million SEK +/-1500 million S,Sveriges RiksbankBid procedure  2025-04-04 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1060. SE0009496367. 2028-05-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1053  SE0002829192  2039-03-30Bid date 2025-04-04 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1060: 1500 million SEK +/-1500 million SEK1053: 1500 million SEK +/-1500 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1060: 1500 million SEK per bid1053: 1500 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2025-04-08 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2025-03-28This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.83,0.16,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', '04 Bid times', '1500 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Sveriges Riksbank', '04 Bonds', 'allocation', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2025-03-28,2025-03-28,uk.finance.yahoo.com
49713,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-securitas-130200899.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Securitas AB,"The shareholders of Securitas AB  Reg. No. 556302-7241  are hereby invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at 16.00 CEST on Thursday May 8  2025  at Hilton Stockholm Slussen ","Resolution regarding authorization of the Board to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own sharesResolutions regarding a. adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  b. appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet  c. record date for dividend  and d. discharge of the Board and the President from liability for the financial year 2024Presentation of a. the Annual and Sustainability Report and the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Auditor's Report  b. the statement by the Auditor on the compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to senior management applicable since the last AGM  and c. the Board's proposal for appropriation of the company's profit and the Board's motivated statement thereonProxy holders and representatives of legal persons shall submit documents of authorization prior to the AGM. Proxy forms are available at the company's website www.securitas.com/agm2025 and will be sent to the shareholders who so request  indicating their mailing address.Owners with nominee-registered shares must  in order to participate in the proceedings of the AGM  request their bank or broker to have their shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear. The share register for the AGM as of the record date Tuesday April 29  2025  will take into account owner-registrations completed no later than Friday May 2  2025.On giving notice of attendance  the shareholder shall state name  personal/corporate identity number or equivalent  address and telephone number. As confirmation of the notification  Securitas will send an entry card to be presented at registration for the AGM.Such notification may be made (i) via Securitas' website www.securitas.com/agm2025 (ii) by telephone +46 10 470 31 30 or (iii) by mail to Securitas AB  ""AGM"" c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm.(ii) give notice of their intention to participate no later than Friday May 2  2025.STOCKHOLM  March 28  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Securitas AB  Reg. No. 556302-7241  are hereby invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at 16.00 CEST on Thursday May 8  2025  at Hilton Stockholm Slussen  Guldgränd 8  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration for the AGM begins at 15.00 CEST  when coffee will be served. The CEO's speech will be posted on the company's website after the AGM.Story ContinuesThe Nomination Committee's proposalsItems 2  11-14 – Proposals for election of Chair of the meeting  determination of the number of Board members and fees to the Board members and the Auditors  and election of Board members and AuditorsThe Nomination Committee ahead of the AGM 2025 has consisted of Johan Hjertonsson (Investment AB Latour  Chair of the Nomination Committee)  Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Fonder)  Niklas Antman (Incentive) and Anna Henricsson (Handelsbanken Fonder).The reasoned statement of the Nomination Committee  which presents and motivates the below proposals and also reports on the committee's activities  will be held available at the company website  www.securitas.com/agm2025.The Nomination Committee has proposed the following:Jan Svensson  Chair of the Board  shall be elected Chair of the AGM (item 2).The number of Board members shall be eight  with no deputy members (item 11).Fees to the Board members for the period up to and including the AGM 2026 shall amount to SEK 12 996 000 in total (including fees for committee work). The proposed total fees are an increase of 20 percent compared with the total fees for the previous year.It is the Nomination Committee's expectation that part of the fee should be used to increase holdings of Securitas' shares among the Board members.The fees shall be distributed between the Board members as follows: the Chair of the Board shall receive SEK 3 480 000 and each of the other Board members shall receive SEK 1 152 000 (item 12).As consideration for the committee work  the Chair of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 540 000  the Chair of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 144 000  the members of the Audit Committee each SEK 348 000 and the members of the Remuneration Committee each SEK 72 000 (item 12).The auditor's fees are proposed to be paid as per agreement (item 12).Re-election of the Board members Jan Svensson  Åsa Bergman  Fredrik Cappelen  Harry Klagsbrun  Johan Menckel and Sofia Schörling Högberg. John Brandon and Gunilla Fransson have declined re-election (item 13).The election of Jill D. Smith and Massimo Grassi as new Board members (item 13).Jill D. Smith is currently a Director of Check Point Software Technologies Ltd and MDA Space Ltd. She was previously the Chief Executive Officer and President of Allied Minds plc.  Chair and Chief Executive Officer of DigitalGlobe Inc.  Chair of Aspen Technology Inc.  and Director of R1 RCM Inc. and CIRCOR International Inc.Massimo Grassi is currently the Executive Vice President and Head of Entrance Systems Division at Assa Abloy AB. He was previously the Divisional Managing Director at IMI Precision Engineering and has held various senior positions within the Stanley Black & Decker Group  including President Stanley Security Europe.Jan Svensson shall be re-elected as Chair of the Board (item 13).In accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  re-election of the auditing firm Ernst & Young AB  for a period up to and including the AGM 2026. Ernst & Young AB has informed that Rickard Andersson will be auditor in charge (item 14).Information about the proposed Board members is available on the company website  www.securitas.com.The Board's proposalsItem 9 (b) and (c) – Proposal for dividend and record date for dividendThe Board proposes that a dividend of SEK 4.50 per share is distributed to the shareholders in two payments of SEK 2.25 per share each. The record date for the first payment is proposed to be May 12  2025  and for the second payment  November 20  2025. If the AGM so resolves  the first payment is expected to be distributed by Euroclear starting May 15  2025  and the second payment starting November 25  2025. The Board has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 15 – Proposal for authorization of the Board to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own sharesThe Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to resolve upon acquisition of the company's own shares of Series B according to the following terms: (i) acquisition of shares may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm  (ii) acquisition of shares may take place on one or several occasions during the time up to the AGM 2026  (iii) acquisition of shares may only be made so that the shares held by the company at any point in time does not exceed ten (10) percent of all shares in the company  (iv) acquisition of shares shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered on the stock market at each point in time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  (v) payment for acquired shares shall be made in cash  and (vi) the Board should be authorized to decide upon any additional terms for the acquisition.Furthermore  the Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to resolve upon transfer of the company's own shares of Series B according to the following terms: (i) transfer of shares may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms  (ii) transfer of shares may take place on one or several occasions during the time up to the AGM 2026  (iii) the maximum number of shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board's resolution  (iv) transfer of shares shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered on the stock market at each point in time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  (v) payment for transferred shares may be made in other forms than cash  and (vi) the Board should be authorized to decide upon any additional terms for the transfer. The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders.The purpose of the proposed authorizations is to (a) allow the Board to adjust the company's capital structure  to contribute to shareholder value  (b) be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (c) ensure the company's undertakings in respect of share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants of incentive programs)  including covering social security costs. If the Board decides to adjust the company's capital structure in accordance with (a) above  the Board intends to propose that the company's share capital shall be decreased through share reduction of the repurchased shares.The Board has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.A decision by the AGM on the proposal according to this item must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares present at the AGM in order for the proposal to be adopted.Item 16 – Proposal for a long-term incentive program  including hedging measures by way of a share swap agreement (LTI 2025/2027)Summary of the programThe Annual General Meetings since 2019 have resolved on long-term incentive programs for the CEO  other members of Group Management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group (together the ""LTI Programs""). The Board proposes that the AGM resolves to implement a long-term incentive program (""LTI 2025/2027"")  with the main principles below.LTI 2025/2027 is proposed to include approximately 90 employees including the CEO  other members of Group Management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group. In order to participate in the LTI 2025/2027  the participants will have to invest in Series B shares in Securitas at market price or nominate Series B shares already held  as further set out below. For every Series B share purchased or nominated within the scope of LTI 2025/2027  the company will award so called performance awards free of charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below.As per the previous LTI Program a sustainability target has been included as a performance condition for LTI 2025/2027 in addition to the operating margin target. The sustainability target is aligned with Securitas' climate targets  validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)  to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.A change compared to previous LTI Programs is that the Vesting Period is somewhat shorter than three years. More details on the adjustment are provided below under the heading ""Vesting Period"".The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of LTI 2025/2027 is to create a strong long-term incentive for top executives of the Group  strengthen the Group's ability to retain and recruit top executives  provide competitive remuneration  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the executives concerned by enabling the participants to become substantial shareholders in the company. Through a share-based incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's future earnings  sustainability and value growth. In light of the above  the Board believes that the implementation of LTI 2025/2027 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth and the sustainability of the Group  and consequently that LTI 2025/2027 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Personally invested sharesIn order to participate in LTI 2025/2027  the participants will  with the exceptions stated below  during the period May 12  2025 – June 12  2025 (the ""Investment Period"") have to either (i) purchase Series B shares in the market and nominate such shares to LTI 2025/2027  (ii) nominate Series B shares currently vesting in LTI 2022/2024  or (iii) nominate Series B shares nominated in LTI 2022/2024[1] (""Personally Invested Shares"").The value of a participant's Personally Invested Shares shall be based on the market price for the company's Series B share and shall correspond to minimum 5 percent (all participants) and maximum 15 percent (the CEO)  12.5 percent (other members of Group Management) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's base salary.If the participant has access to inside information and therefore is prevented from purchasing or nominating Personally Invested Shares during the Investment Period  the Board shall be entitled to extend or postpone the Investment Period in individual cases  but no later than to the next AGM. The Board shall further  in individual cases  be entitled to accept nomination of shares acquired prior to the Investment Period  but not earlier than January 1  2025  and/or acquired through e.g. a pension insurance as Personally Invested Shares  where the participant  in the Board's opinion  has valid reasons for nominating such shares to LTI 2025/2027.Participants in LTI 2025/2027 and allocationLTI 2025/2027 is proposed to include approximately 90 senior executives and key employees within the Securitas Group  divided in three categories.Category 1For each Personally Invested Share by the CEO of the Group under LTI 2025/2027  the company will award five performance awards to the CEO.Category 2For each Personally Invested Share by another member of Group Management (currently eleven individuals) under LTI 2025/2027  the relevant individual will be awarded four performance awards.Category 3For each Personally Invested Share by another participant under LTI 2025/2027  the relevant individual will be awarded three performance awards.Performance conditionsThe number of Series B shares that the performance awards will entitle the participant to receive depends on the fulfilment of performance conditions relating to (a) the development of Securitas' operating margin[2] (weighted 90%) and (b) the reduction of Securitas' greenhouse gas emissions (weighted 10%)  during the measurement period January 1  2025 – December 31  2027.For the measurement period  the Board will set a minimum level and a maximum level for performance condition (a) and a target level for performance condition (b).The number of Series B shares that participants will be entitled to receive will be calculated as follows  according to the weighting of the performance conditions set out above.If neither the minimum level (performance condition (a)) nor the target level (performance condition (b)) is reached  no performance awards will vest and the participants will thus not receive any performance shares.If both the maximum level (performance condition (a)) and the target level (performance condition (b)) are reached  each performance award will entitle participants to receive one (1) performance share (i.e. maximum allotment).If the target level for performance condition (b) is not reached while the outcome for performance condition (a) falls between the minimum level and the maximum level  participants' entitlement to performance shares will be calculated linearly between zero (0) and nine tenths (0.9) performance shares per performance award.If the target level for performance condition (b) is reached while the outcome for performance condition (a) falls between the minimum level and the maximum level  participants' entitlement to performance shares will be calculated linearly between one tenth (0.10) and one (1) performance share per performance award.The Board intends to present the fulfilment of the performance-based conditions in the Remuneration Report for the financial year 2027.Vesting PeriodThe Board has strived to achieve a more distinct connection between the Vesting Period and the three-year long measurement period  and therefore resolved that allotment of the Series B shares that the performance awards will entitle the participants to receive shall take place within four weeks after the release of Securitas' Full-year report January–December 2027. This entails that the Vesting Period will be shorter than three years since the Investment Period for LTI 2025/2027 takes place after the AGM 2025.The Board considers that the somewhat shorter Vesting Period is justified because it promotes a closer connection between the participants' performances and the company's results during the measurement period  which strengthens the incentives and benefits long-term value creation. The shorter period also has practical advantages for Securitas as well as for participants in LTI 2025/2027 who participate in subsequent programs.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.The performance awards shall be awarded free of charge at the end of the Investment Period  subject to vesting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free of charge (subject to the performance conditions set out above) at the end of the Vesting Period  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  is still employed by the Securitas Group as per December 31  2027  and has maintained the full amount of Personally Invested Shares purchased or nominated under LTI 2025/2027 during the entire Vesting Period.To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the Vesting Period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each performance award may entitle the participant to receive after the Vesting Period.The number of Series B shares that each performance award may entitle the participant to receive may be subject to recalculation due to share issues  splits  reverse splits and similar dispositions.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be awarded by the company or any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2025/2027 in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Securitas Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2025/2027 no longer are appropriate. Such adjustments include a right for the Board to resolve on a reduction of the number of Series B shares that the performance awards would entitle a participant to receive  if the number of Series B shares that a participant would be entitled to would be clearly unreasonable  considering Securitas' result and financial position  other circumstances regarding the Group's development and the conditions on the stock market.Furthermore  in the event that the Board considers that the delivery of shares under LTI 2025/2027 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement.Participation in LTI 2025/2027 also presumes that such participation is lawful and that such participation in Securitas' opinion can take place with reasonable administrative costs and economic efforts. The Board shall be entitled to implement an alternative incentive solution for employees in such countries where participation in LTI 2025/2027 is not advisable  which alternative solution shall  as far as practically possible  correspond to the terms of the LTI 2025/2027.Scope and cost of the programLTI 2025/2027 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 75 percent (CEO)  50 percent (other members of Group Management) or 30 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to the number of Personally Invested Shares being maximized  meaning that the value of the participant's Personally Invested Shares corresponds to 15 percent (the CEO)  12.5 percent (other members of Group Management) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary  that the participant maintains the full amount of Personally Invested Shares during the entire Vesting Period  and that the participant  with some exceptions  still is employed as per December 31  2027  and that the performance based conditions have been fully achieved.The maximum number of Series B shares that a participant may nominate as Personally Invested Shares  and thus the total number of performance awards that may be allotted  shall be based on the market price for the company's Series B share. The total number of issued shares in the company amounts to 573 392 552 shares.Based on the assumption that the share price for the company's Series B share amounts to SEK 136.90  LTI 2025/2027 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 1 375 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.24 percent of the total number of issued shares in the company and 0.17 percent of the total number of votes in the company.The costs for LTI 2025/2027 should be expensed as personnel costs over the Vesting Period. Provided that the performance-based conditions are fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2025/2027 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 272 million  allocated over the Vesting Period. Estimated social security costs and financing costs are included in such amount.The Board proposes the AGM to resolve to authorize the Board to resolve on repurchase of shares in the company and to transfer such shares on a regulated market to cover social security costs and financing costs associated with LTI 2025/2027 (see separate item on the agenda).The costs for LTI 2025/2027 are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the Securitas Group.The Board deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior management and key employees  which may be further increased through LTI 2025/2027  outweighs the costs related to LTI 2025/2027.All estimates are based on at each time applicable foreign exchange rates according to Refinitiv. Information on previous LTI Programs can be found in the Annual and Sustainability Report 2024  notes 9 and 12.Delivery of shares under LTI 2025/2027 and hedging measuresTo ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2025/2027  the company may enter into a share-swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to employees participating in LTI 2025/2027. The cost for the swap is estimated at a maximum of SEK 760 000 assuming that the performance-based conditions are fully achieved.Preparation of the proposal and voting majorityLTI 2025/2027 has been initiated by the Board and the Remuneration Committee of Securitas in consultation with major shareholders and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive schemes. LTI 2025/2027 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board. The resolution must be supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast  or  in case of equal voting  supported by the Chair of the AGM.Item 17 – Proposal on guidelines for remuneration to Group ManagementThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2025 adopts the following guidelines for remuneration to the individuals who are included in the Group Management of Securitas.Guidelines for Remuneration to Group ManagementThe guidelines are forward-looking  i.e.  they shall apply to remuneration agreed and amendments to remuneration already agreed after the Annual General Meeting 2025. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Promotion of Securitas' business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability etc.In short  Securitas' business strategy is to deliver comprehensive  scalable  and innovative security solutions. By using and developing world-leading technology and expertise  Securitas strives to be a security solution partner that ensure the safety of its clients' assets and people. In order to attract and keep competent members of Group Management  Securitas shall offer a competitive total remuneration that is in line with the market conditions on the relevant market for each member of Group Management. This is expected to contribute to Securitas' business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. More information on Securitas' business strategy is available on Securitas' website securitas.com  section About us – Our strategy.From time to time  the Annual General Meeting may resolve on share-based long-term incentive programs (the ""LTI Programs"") including the CEO  other members of the Group Management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group. The LTI Programs adopted by the Annual General Meeting are conditional upon the participant's own investment and holding periods of several years. The LTI programs are subject to approval by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. More information on Securitas' incentive plans is available on Securitas' website securitas.com  section About us – Corporate Governance – Remuneration to Group Management.Types of remunerationThe total remuneration to Group Management shall consist of a fixed basic salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-based or share price-related remuneration.The fixed basic salary shall be competitive and reflect each member of Group Management's responsibility and performance. The variable cash remuneration shall amount to a maximum of 100 percent of the fixed basic salary for the President and CEO and a maximum of 60-200 percent of the fixed basic salary for other members of Group Management.The members of Group Management shall be subject to defined contribution pension plans for which insurance premiums are transferred from the individual's total cash remuneration and paid by the company during the term of employment. In exceptional cases  the value of such insurance premiums can instead be paid as part of the cash remuneration to a member of Group Management. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless required by mandatory collective agreement provisions. Insurance premiums may amount to not more than 35 percent of the fixed basic salary.Other benefits  such as company car  life insurance  special health insurance or occupational health service shall be provided to the extent this is considered customary for members of Group Management holding equivalent positions on the labor market where the member of Group Management is active. Premiums and other costs relating to such benefits may amount to not more than 15 percent of the fixed basic salary.Pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules. For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may also be duly adjusted for compliance with local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.In addition to remuneration set out above  members of Group Management who relocate for the position or who work in multiple countries may also receive such remuneration and benefits as are reasonable to reflect the special circumstances associated with such arrangements  taking into account the overall purpose of these guidelines and alignment with the general policies and practices within the Securitas Group applicable to cross border work. Remuneration and benefits as described above may amount to not more than 50 percent of the fixed basic salary.Criteria for awarding variable cash remunerationVariable cash remuneration shall be awarded based on the outcome of clearly measurable performance-based targets that are set as close to the local business as possible and aim for long-term profitability of Securitas. The performance-based targets may for example relate to EBITA  operating margin  EPS and/or cash flow within each member of Group Management's area of responsibility (Group or division). Furthermore  the performance-based targets are intended to contribute to Securitas' business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.The Remuneration Committee shall  for the Board of Directors  prepare  monitor and evaluate matters regarding variable cash remuneration to the members of Group Management. Ahead of each measurement period for the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  which can be one or several years  the Board of Directors shall  based on the work of the Remuneration Committee  establish which criteria that are deemed to be relevant for the upcoming measurement period. After a measurement period has ended  it shall be determined to which extent the criteria have been satisfied. Evaluations regarding fulfilment of financial targets shall be based on established financial information for the relevant period.Variable cash remuneration can be paid after the measurement period has ended or be subject to deferred payment. If payment of variable cash remuneration has been affected on grounds later proven to be obviously inaccurate  Securitas shall  to the extent legally possible  have the possibility to reclaim such paid remuneration.Termination of employmentAt dismissal  the notice period for members of Group Management shall not exceed twelve months  with a right to redundancy payment equivalent to a maximum of 100 percent of the fixed basic salary for a period not exceeding twelve months after the end of the notice period. At resignation by a member of Group Management  the notice period shall amount to a maximum of six months without a right to redundancy payment.Additionally  remuneration may be paid for non-compete and non-solicitation undertakings in accordance with mandatory rules or local practice. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment and be paid during the time the non-compete or the non-solicitation undertaking applies  however not for more than 24 months following termination of employment.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for remuneration to Group Management. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for Group Management  the application of the guidelines for remuneration to Group Management as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in Securitas. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent of the company and the members of Group Management. The CEO and other members of Group Management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve Securitas' long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure Securitas' financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelinesThe revisions to these remuneration guidelines include an adjustment of the variable cash remuneration from a maximum of 85 percent to a maximum of 100 percent of the fixed basic salary for the President and CEO. In addition  the guidelines have undergone minor linguistic adjustments.Other informationAvailable documentation etc.The Annual and Sustainability Report and the Auditor's Report  the remuneration report and all other supporting documentation for the AGM are available at the company and on the company website www.securitas.com/agm2025 no later than three weeks before the AGM. The Nomination Committee's complete proposals and motivated statement are available at the company and on the company website www.securitas.com/agm2025. In addition  copies of the documentation will be sent to the shareholders who so request  indicating their mailing address. The share register for the AGM will be available at the company's office  Lindhagensplan 70  112 43 Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board and the President and CEO shall  if a shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant harm to the company  give information on such circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another Group company. Anyone who wishes to present a question in advance may do so to Securitas in the way stated on the company's website www.securitas.com/agm2025.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 573 392 552  of which 26 938 371 are shares of Series A and 546 454 181 are shares of Series B. Each Series A share entitles the holder to ten votes and each Series B share entitles the holder to one vote. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 815 837 891. The company's holding of own shares  as of the date of this notice  is 475 000 shares of Series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection with the AGM  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.If you have questions regarding our processing of your personal data  you can contact us by emailing dpo@securitas.com. Securitas AB has company registration number 556302-7241 and the Board's registered office is in Stockholm.This notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Stockholm in March 2025the Board of DirectorsSECURITAS AB (publ)[1] The nomination of such shares will not affect the condition of LTI 2022/2024 to maintain Personally Invested Shares during the entire vesting period.[2] Operating margin is defined as operating income before amortization as a percentage of total sales.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com.https://news.cision.com/securitas/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-securitas-ab c4127023The following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-securitas-ab-302414295.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Securitas AB', 'Notice', 'Sofia Schörling Högberg', 'Check Point Software Technologies Ltd', 'Elisabet Jamal Bergström', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'MDA Space Ltd', 'Jill D. Smith', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Allied Minds plc.', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Aspen Technology Inc.', 'R1 RCM Inc.', 'CIRCOR International Inc', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Hilton Stockholm Slussen', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other Board members', 'new Board members', 'DigitalGlobe Inc.', 'The CEO', 'financial year', 'Securitas AB', 'committee work', 'Audit Committee', 'Consolidated Statement', 'record date', 'senior management', 'Proxy holders', 'legal persons', 'Proxy forms', 'share register', 'state name', 'entry card', 'Guldgränd', 'Johan Hjertonsson', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'SEB Fonder', 'Niklas Antman', 'Anna Henricsson', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'Jan Svensson', 'deputy members', 'previous year', 'Åsa Bergman', 'Fredrik Cappelen', 'Harry Klagsbrun', 'Johan Menckel', 'John Brandon', 'Gunilla Fransson', 'Massimo Grassi', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Friday May', 'mailing address', 'Such notification', 'motivated statement', 'Sustainability Report', 'Group Auditor', 'nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'last AGM', 'total fees', ""Securitas' website"", 'company website', 'Resolution', 'authorization', 'acquisition', 'transfer', 'adoption', 'Income', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'President', 'liability', 'Presentation', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'proposal', 'representatives', 'documents', 'shareholders', 'Owners', 'order', 'proceedings', 'broker', 'account', 'owner-registrations', 'notice', 'attendance', 'confirmation', 'Box', 'intention', 'Reg.', 'Thursday', '15.00 CEST', 'coffee', 'speech', 'Story', 'Items', 'election', 'Chair', 'determination', 'Auditors', 'Incentive', 'reports', 'activities', 'period', 'SEK', 'increase', '20 percent', 'expectation', 'part', 'holdings', 'consideration', 'agreement', 'Director', '16.00']",2025-03-28,2025-03-28,finance.yahoo.com
49714,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-03/64956459-notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-2025-ctt-systems-ab-200.htm,Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2025 CTT Systems AB,"NYKÖPING  SE / ACCESS Newswire / March 28  2025 / CTT Systems AB (STO:CTT) Shareholders of CTT Systems AB (publ) (""CTT"")  reg. no. 556430-7741  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Mee","CTT Systems AB (STO:CTT) Shareholders of CTT Systems AB (publ) (""CTT"")  reg. no. 556430-7741  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting on Thursday 8 May 2025 at 5.00 p.m. CEST at the company's office  Brukslagarvägen 5  Nyköping  Sweden. Registration to the Annual General Meeting will commence at 4.30 p.m. CEST.The board of directors has resolved that shareholders may also exercise their voting right at the Annual General Meeting by postal voting pursuant to the provisions in CTT's articles of association.RIGHT TO ATTEND AND NOTICEShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB onTuesday 29 April 2025  and shall give notice of attendance at the Annual General to the company no later than Friday 2 May 2025.Notice of attendance may be given in writing to the company at the address CTT Systems AB  P.O. Box 1042  SE-611 29  Nyköping  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 10-457 32 00 on weekdays between 10.00 a.m. and 4.00 p.m. or by e-mail  ctt@ctt.se . When giving notice  please state your name or company name  personal identification number or company registration number  address  and daytime telephone number. The notice procedure described above also applies to registration for any assistants.Shareholders who wish to use the possibility of postal voting shall do that in accordance with the instructions under the heading "" Postal voting "" below. Such postal voting does not require any further notice of attendance.NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to attend the meeting  shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in addition to giving notice of attendance to the company  register such shares in their own names so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 29 April 2025. Such registration may be temporary (so called voting right registration) and request for such registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines in such time in advance as decided by the nominee. The presentation of the share register as per the record date  Tuesday 29 April 2025  will consider voting rights registrations made no later than Friday 2 May 2025.PROXY ETC.Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or through a proxy representative are entitled to bring one or two assistants. Shareholders who wish to bring assistants shall state this in connection with the notice of attendance. Shareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a signed and dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of a certificate of incorporation  or if such document does not exist a corresponding document  shall be enclosed. In order to facilitate the registration at the meeting  the power of attorney and certificate of incorporation and other documents of authority should be provided to the company at the address stated above no later than 2 May 2025. A proxy form is available on the company's website  www.ctt.se .POSTAL VOTINGA special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on CTT's website  www.ctt.se . The postal voting form is considered as notification to the Annual General Meeting.The completed and signed voting form must be received by CTT no later than Friday 2 May 2025. The completed form shall be sent by post to CTT Systems AB  P.O. Box 1042  SE-611 29 Nyköping  Sweden or by e-mail to ctt@ctt.se . If a shareholder postal votes by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the form. The proxy form is available at the company's website  www.ctt.se . If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding authorisation document shall be enclosed with the form. The shareholder may not provide the vote with special instructions or conditions. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of the chairman of the meeting.3. Drawing up and approval of voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.6. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Presentation by the CEO.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report.9. Resolution on(a) adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet (b) disposition of the company's earnings according to the adopted balance sheet  and determination of record day in case of dividend  and(c) discharge from liability of the directors and the CEO.10. Presentation of remuneration report for approval.11. Determination of(a) the number of directors of the board  and(b) the number of auditors.12. Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and to the auditor.13. Election of directors of the board and chairman of the board13.1.1 Election of Anna Carmo e Silva as director (re-election)13.1.2 Election of Annika Dalsvall as director (re-election)13.1.3 Election of Per Fyrenius as director (re-election)13.1.4 Election of Torbjörn Johansson as director (re-election)13.1.5 Election of Björn Lenander as director (re-election)13.1.7 Election of Kristina Nilsson as director (re-election)13.1.7 Election of Tomas Torlöf as director (re-election)13.2 Election of Tomas Torlöf as chair of the board of directors (re-election)14. Election of auditor.15. Resolution on variable performance-based remuneration.16. Closing of the meeting.PROPOSED RESOLUTIONSPrior to the Annual General Meeting 2025  the nomination committee has consisted of Christian Lindström Lage  appointed by SEB Fonder  Martin Nilsson  appointed by Första AP-fonden  Jonathan Schönbäck  appointed by ODIN Fonder and Tomas Torlöf (chairman of the nomination committee)  appointed by Trulscom Förvaltning AB. CTT's nomination committee has submitted proposals for resolution under items 2 and 11-14 on the agenda. The board of directors has submitted proposals under items 9 b  10 and 15.Item 2 - Election of the chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board of directors  Tomas Torlöf  is elected as chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 b - Resolution on disposition of the company's earnings according to the adopted balance sheet  and determination of record day in case of dividendThe board of directors proposes a dividend of SEK 5.35 per share.Proposed record day for dividend is Monday 12 May 2025. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  payment of dividend through Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to be made on Thursday 15 May 2025.Item 10 - Presentation of remuneration report for approvalThe board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the board of director's report regarding remuneration in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 11 a and 13 - Determination on the number of directors and election of directors of the board and chairman of the boardThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of seven members with no deputies and  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting re-election of all board members Anna Carmo e Silva (elected 2022)  Annika Dalsvall (elected 2013)  Per Fyrenius (elected 2018)  Torbjörn Johansson (elected 2024)  Björn Lenander (elected 2018)  Kristina Nilsson (elected 2024) and Tomas Torlöf (elected 2013). Further  the nomination committee proposes that Tomas Torlöf is re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.The nomination committee's motivated statement and information regarding all of the proposed board members are available on the company's website  www.ctt.se.Item 11 b and 14 - Determination of the number of auditors and election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation  that the company shall have a registered auditing company as auditor and that the registered auditing company Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (""PwC"") shall be re-elected as auditor until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026. PwC has informed that Andreas Skogh will continue to be the company's auditor in charge if PwC is re-elected as auditor.Item 12 - Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and to the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that an annual remuneration of SEK 410 000 (SEK 395 000) be paid to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 205 000 (SEK 195 000) to each of the other directors  i.e. a total of SEK 1 640 000 (1 565 000). Furthermore  the nomination committee has proposed remuneration for members of the audit committee  corresponding to SEK 88 000 (SEK 80 000) to the chairman and SEK 50 000 (SEK 45 000) to the other members  i.e. a total of SEK 188 000 (SEK 170 000). In addition  the nomination committee proposes that if the board of directors establishes a sustainability committee a total remuneration for the sustainability committee of SEK 100 000 (SEK 0) shall be paid  of which SEK 50 000 (SEK 0) shall be paid to the chairman of the committee and the remainder shall be distributed equally among the other members.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 15 - Resolution on variable performance-based remunerationThe board of directors proposes that  in addition to the variable remuneration that may be paid in accordance with the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted by the Annual General Meeting 2022  the following shall apply. This proposal relates to an extension of previous variable performance-based remuneration for the period 2021 to 2024.The CEO  the deputy CEO and the Head of Marketing may receive variable performance-based remuneration upon fulfilment of certain long-term targets (relating to supplies of Retrofit- and OEM system  revenues for Private jet and OEM catalogue performances). The company's total maximum commitment of this remuneration amounts to SEK 5.7 million (calculated as gross salary plus social security contributions for a maximum of 12 months) over a four-year period from 2025 to 2028  calculated on the 2024 salary level. Since the deputy CEO will retire on 31 December 2025 and the role is not intended to be refilled  only 2025 is included in the maximum remuneration. The remuneration is not pensionable but can be exchanged for pension. Disbursement of this variable remuneration is conditional on it being invested in CTT shares  which must be retained for a contractual period  at least three years.MISCELLANEOUSNumber of shares and votesAt the time of the issuance of this notice  the company has a total of 12 529 443 shares  each carrying one vote. The company does not hold any shares in treasury.Shareholder's right to receive information at the meetingIf the board of directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  shareholders have the right to receive information from the board of directors and the CEO regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship to another group company  and the consolidated financial statement.AuthorisationThe board of directors proposes that the board of directors  or the person appointed by the board of directors  shall be authorised to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions of the Annual General Meeting as may be required in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.DocumentsAccounting documents  audit report and other documents to be made available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance are kept available at the company's address Brukslagarvägen 5  Nyköping  Sweden and at the company's website  www.ctt.se   as of today 28 March 2025 and will be sent to shareholders who so request by the company and who state their address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfNyköping  March 2025CTT SYSTEMS AB (PUBL)The board of directorsFor additional information:Markus Berg  CFO  CTT Systems AB.Tel. +46 155 20 59 05 alt. Mobile +46 72 230 33 88 or email: markus.berg@ctt.seAbout CTT SystemsCTT is the leading supplier of active humidity control systems in aircraft. We solve the aircraft humidity paradox - with far too dry cabin air - and too much moisture in the fuselage - causing dehydration for people onboard and excess weight in the aircraft inducing larger environmental footprint. CTT offers humidifiers and dehumidifiers available for retrofit and line-fit on commercial aircraft as well as private jets. For more information about CTT and how active humidity control products make air traveling a little more sustainable and far more pleasurable  please visit: www.ctt.seAttachmentsNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2025 CTT Systems AB (publ)SOURCE: CTT Systems ABView the original press release on ACCESS Newswire",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.45,0.2,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'CTT Systems AB', 'Notice', 'Anna Carmo e Silva', 'P.O. Box', 'voting rights registrations', 'personal identification number', 'Such postal voting', 'CTT Systems AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corresponding authorisation document', 'daytime telephone number', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'corresponding document', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'Brukslagarvägen', 'Nyköping', 'share register', 'record date', 'meeting venue', 'legal entity', 'other documents', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'record day', 'Annika Dalsvall', 'special form', 'completed form', 'Thursday 8 May', 'Friday 2 May', 'special instructions', 'postal vote', 'Further instructions', 'PROXY ETC.', 'proxy representative', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'proxy form', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'two assistants', 'dated power', 'remuneration report', 'notice procedure', 'ctt.se', 'company name', 'Shareholders', 'CEST', 'office', 'board', 'directors', 'provisions', 'articles', 'association', 'ATTEND', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'writing', 'address', 'weekdays', 'mail', 'possibility', 'accordance', 'heading', 'addition', 'names', 'request', 'routines', 'advance', 'presentation', 'connection', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'order', 'authority', 'website', 'notification', 'votes', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'disposition', 'earnings', 'case', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', '5.00', '4.30', '10.00', '4.00', '1.1', '1.2']",2025-03-06,2025-03-28,finanznachrichten.de
49715,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.luxtimes.lu/businessandfinance/digital-assets-awards-highlight-rise-of-crypto-asset-management/51866746.html,Digital Assets Awards highlight rise of crypto asset management,This year’s Digital Assets Awards  hosted by Deloitte Luxembourg  mark a milestone in the crypto industry and the narrowing gap between traditional finance and digital assets  says winning company 6 Monks.,Award winners. From left to right: Clearstream  represented by Roberto Petrarulo and Kristjan Čoklc; Emilie Allaert; and 6 Monks  represented by Robin Ledoux and Quentin Werlé. © Photo credit: Deloitte Luxembourg,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Digital Assets Awards', 'crypto asset management', 'rise', 'Award winners', 'Roberto Petrarulo', 'Kristjan Čoklc', 'Emilie Allaert', 'Robin Ledoux', 'Quentin Werlé', 'Photo credit', 'Deloitte Luxembourg', 'left', 'right', 'Clearstream', '6 Monks']",2025-03-28,2025-03-28,luxtimes.lu
49716,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/25/03/44541164/vanguard-expands-fixed-income-offerings-with-global-government-bond-ucits-etf,Vanguard Launches Global Government Bond ETF  Expanding Fixed-Income Options For European Investors,Vanguard launches new fixed-income ETF for global bond diversification  accessible on major European stock exchanges. Timely release amid strong European ETF market growth.,Vanguard has launched a new fixed-income ETF  giving investors the chance to diversify bond portfolios at a global level. The Vanguard Global Government Bond UCITS ETF is intended to be a core holding  offering exposure to a broad selection of developed-market government bonds.The ETF will be traded on leading European stock exchanges  such as the London Stock Exchange  Deutsche Börse  Borsa Italiana  Euronext Amsterdam  and SIX Swiss Exchange. This wide coverage makes it easily accessible to investors in the UK and Continental Europe.Mark Fitzgerald  Vanguard Europe’s head of product specialism  emphasizes the need for global diversification in fixed-income investing.“Investors are often tempted to invest locally when it comes to fixed income  largely out of familiarity. However  the added diversity of a global government bond allocation can reduce the risk of an investor's fixed income portfolio  without necessarily decreasing the expected returns  provided the currency risk is hedged. By adding global government bonds  investors gain exposure to a greater number of securities  different inflation and economic environments  as well as business cycles from a wider range of markets ” Fitzgerald said.Also Read: Red-Hot Copper: ETFs Soar On Tariff Speculation  Supply SqueezeTracking A Global IndexThe new ETF will aim to replicate the Bloomberg Global Treasury Developed Countries Float Adjusted Index  allowing investors to have exposure to a wide range of government bonds from developed economies. This is in line with Vanguard’s wider UCITS range  providing investors with an affordable method of accessing diversified fixed income assets.The release of this ETF is timely  as the European ETF market is recording strong growth. Assets in the European ETF market stood at an all-time high of $2.41 trillion as of February 2025  according to ETFGI  a prominent independent research and consulting firm.Vanguard continues to draw considerable investor attention for its ETF products. Particularly  three of its UCITS ETFs were listed among the top 10 most popular ETFs receiving the largest inflows during February:Vanguard FTSE All-World UCITS ETF : $879.57 million: $879.57 million Vanguard S&P 500 UCITS ETF : $866.53 million: $866.53 million Vanguard EUR Corporate Bond UCITS ETF: $712.39 millionWith the introduction of the Vanguard Global Government Bond UCITS ETF  Vanguard is reaffirming its pledge to offer investors diversified and resilient fixed-income strategies. With ETF demand continuing to grow  especially in Europe  this new fund is poised to be an important part of investors’ portfolios.Read Next:Photo: Shutterstock,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.49,0.0,True,English,"['Global Government Bond ETF', 'Fixed-Income Options', 'European Investors', 'Vanguard', 'The Vanguard Global Government Bond UCITS ETF', 'Bloomberg Global Treasury Developed Countries', 'Vanguard S&P 500 UCITS ETF', 'global government bond allocation', 'Corporate Bond UCITS ETF', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'top 10 most popular ETFs', 'diversified fixed income assets', 'global government bonds', 'European ETF market', 'London Stock Exchange', 'A Global Index', 'wider UCITS range', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'fixed income portfolio', 'prominent independent research', 'resilient fixed-income strategies', 'new fixed-income ETF', 'considerable investor attention', 'UCITS ETFs', 'bond portfolios', 'global level', 'global diversification', 'new ETF', 'developed economies', 'ETF products', 'ETF demand', 'wider range', 'Vanguard FTSE', 'fixed-income investing', 'Adjusted Index', 'Vanguard Europe', 'wide range', 'new fund', 'core holding', 'broad selection', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'wide coverage', 'product specialism', 'added diversity', 'greater number', 'different inflation', 'economic environments', 'business cycles', 'Red-Hot Copper', 'Tariff Speculation', 'Supply Squeeze', 'affordable method', 'strong growth', 'consulting firm', 'largest inflows', 'important part', 'Continental Europe', 'Mark Fitzgerald', 'currency risk', 'investors’ portfolios', 'chance', 'exposure', 'UK', 'head', 'need', 'familiarity', 'expected', 'returns', 'securities', 'markets', 'line', 'release', 'February', 'ETFGI', 'introduction', 'pledge', 'Photo', 'Shutterstock']",2025-03-28,2025-03-28,benzinga.com
49717,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050250/0/en/Aedifica-NV-SA-Convocation-to-the-Ordinary-General-Meeting-of-13-May-2025.html,Aedifica NV/SA: Convocation to the Ordinary General Meeting of 13 May 2025,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding the Ordinary General Meeting of Tuesday 13 May 2025.,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding the Ordinary General Meeting of Tuesday 13 May 2025.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'Aedifica NV/SA', 'Convocation', '13 May', 'public regulated real estate company', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Tuesday 13 May', 'Aedifica', 'Attachments']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49718,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050815/0/en/ASM-announces-the-availability-of-the-2025-AGM-materials.html,ASM announces the availability of the 2025 AGM materials,Almere  The NetherlandsMarch 27  2025   ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual...,Almere  The NetherlandsMarch 27  2025ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General Meeting scheduled for Monday  May 12  2025 (AGM) is now available on ASM’s website. This information includes the convocation  the agenda and annexes thereto. The U.S. market proxy materials for holders of New York Registry Shares are also posted on our website.The AGM will commence at 2:00 p.m. CET at the Van der Valk Hotel in Almere  located at Veluwezoom 45  1327 AK in Almere  the Netherlands.The AGM can be attended in person by shareholders. Our shareholders are also offered the possibility to exercise their voting rights by proxy and to follow (view and hear only) the meeting through our live webcast.The agenda for the AGM includes  amongst others  approvals of:the annual accounts of 2024;the remuneration report 2024;the proposal to declare a regular dividend of €3.00 (three euros) per common share;the reappointment of Mr. Verhagen (for two years) as member of the Management Board;the reappointment of Ms. Van der Meer Mohr (for four years)  Mr. Sanchez (for four years) and Ms. Kahle-Galonske (for one year) as members of the Supervisory Board;the appointment of EY Accountants B.V. as auditor to audit the annual accounts for the financial year 2026 and as assurance provider of sustainability information for the financial years 2025 and 2026.In accordance with applicable legal requirements in the Netherlands the record date for the AGM is April 14  2025. The total number of issued shares in ASM International N.V. as per today amounts to 49 328 548 common shares. Considering the number of shares held in treasury as per today  amounting to 219 935 shares  the number of voting shares amounts to 49 108 613.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2025 AGM materials', 'ASM', 'availability', 'The U.S. market proxy materials', 'Ms. Van der Meer Mohr', 'Van der Valk Hotel', 'EY Accountants B.V.', 'New York Registry Shares', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'applicable legal requirements', 'common stock trades', 'voting shares amounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Ms. Kahle-Galonske', 'The Netherlands', 'The AGM', 'voting rights', 'annual accounts', 'common share', 'live webcast', 'remuneration report', 'regular dividend', 'Mr. Verhagen', 'two years', 'Management Board', 'four years', 'Mr. Sanchez', 'one year', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial year', 'assurance provider', 'record date', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'total number', 'sustainability information', '219,935 shares', 'Almere', 'March', 'Monday', 'May', 'website', 'convocation', 'agenda', 'annexes', 'holders', 'CET', 'Veluwezoom', '1327 AK', 'person', 'possibility', 'others', 'approvals', 'proposal', 'euros', 'reappointment', 'member', 'auditor', 'accordance', 'April', 'today', 'treasury', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', '2:00']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49719,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050260/0/en/Virtualware-registered-91-EBITDA-Growth-and-0-5-Financial-net-debt-to-EBITDA-ratio-in-2024-as-per-audited-results-filed-today-before-Euronext.html,Virtualware registered 91% EBITDA Growth and 0.5 Financial net debt to EBITDA ratio in 2024  as per audited results filed today before Euronext,Bilbao  27 March 2025.  Virtualware (EPA: MLVIR)  a leading expert in 3D-driven enterprise software  reported a 91% increase in EBITDA to 808 000 euros in its audited results submitted today to Euronext.,"Bilbao  27 March 2025. Virtualware (EPA: MLVIR)  a leading expert in 3D-driven enterprise software  reported a 91% increase in EBITDA to 808 000 euros in its audited results submitted today to Euronext.This growth was driven by the expanded adoption of the company's enterprise XR platform VIROO  through its subscription-based model and new contracts secured in North America.The company submitted its 2024 Audited Results today before Euronext  following up on the release of its unaudited results filed on February 6th.The company will present these results to the market on an Investors Call that will take place online on April 9th at 11.00 am EDT.Virtualware operates under three pillars: expanding in the US and Canada  strengthening immersive and 3D-powered solutions  and pursuing inorganic growth to accelerate revenue.Audits show that in 2024  Virtualware's core XR unit registered 4.20 million euros in sales  or 30 000 euros more than initially reported.Pre-tax profit climbed 1712% to 598 000 euros  or 36 163 euros more than reported initially in February.Financial net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 0.5 at the end of 2024.Subscription-based services accounted for 41% of total revenue. VIROO XRaaS revenue grew from 590 555 euros in 2022 to 1 288 060 euros in 2023  reaching 1 725 719 euros by the end of 2024 and marking a 192% increase over two years.VIROO  Virtualware's flagship product  is a ready-to-run XR solution that provides multiple  ready-to-use applications for users and tools for developers to create and distribute their own custom multi-user XR  simulation  and digital twin applications while ensuring security  scalability  and performance.""These audited results prove that not only Virtualware is growing strong  but also that the way it conducts business is investor-oriented "" said CEO Unai Extremo. ""We have gained the market's trust for many years and intend to grow even further based on this.""At the start of 2024  Virtualware launched a Strategic Plan to expand its North American footprint over the next three years. North American sales represented 36% of total revenue in 2024. The company continues to grow in the region  with team expansions in Orlando  US  and Toronto  Canada  and 14 new channel partners.Last October 2024  Virtualware bought Simumatik  a Swedish firm specializing in emulation software and digital twins  for 1.37 million euros.Founded in 2004  the corporation has been trading on Euronext Paris' Access segment since April 2023. A few weeks ago  Virtualware announced its intention to uplist to Euronext Growth Paris in the second quarter of 2025.In the past twenty years  Virtualware has built enterprise solutions for global conglomerates and institutions  including GE Vernova  Petronas  Volvo  Alstom  Gestamp  ADIF  Bosh  Biogen  Kessler Foundation  Invest Windsor Essex  McMaster University  and the Spanish Ministry of Defense.The company's main office is in Bilbao  Spain  with additional offices in Orlando (USA)  Toronto (Canada)  and Skövde (Sweden).Safe HarborThis document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['0.5\xa0Financial net debt', '91% EBITDA Growth', 'EBITDA ratio', 'Virtualware', 'results', 'Euronext', 'custom multi-user XR, simulation', 'international stock market movements', ""Euronext Paris' Access segment"", 'enterprise XR platform VIROO', 'core XR unit', 'CEO Unai Extremo', 'Invest Windsor Essex', 'North American footprint', '3D-driven enterprise software', 'Financial net debt', '14 new channel partners', 'next three years', 'past twenty years', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'VIROO XRaaS revenue', 'North American sales', 'digital twin applications', 'XR solution', 'enterprise solutions', 'new contracts', 'three pillars', 'two years', 'many years', 'emulation software', 'digital twins', 'financial situation', 'other past', 'leading expert', 'expanded adoption', 'subscription-based model', 'Investors Call', '3D-powered solutions', 'inorganic growth', 'Pre-tax profit', 'Subscription-based services', 'total revenue', 'flagship product', 'multiple, ready', 'Strategic Plan', 'team expansions', 'Swedish firm', 'second quarter', 'global conglomerates', 'GE Vernova', 'Kessler Foundation', 'McMaster University', 'Spanish Ministry', 'main office', 'additional offices', 'Skövde', 'Safe Harbor', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'S.A.', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'final decisions', 'market situation', 'government guidelines', 'exchange rates', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'future earnings', 'future documents', 'February 6th', 'April 9th', 'EBITDA ratio', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', '2024 Audited Results', 'unaudited results', 'actual results', 'information purposes', 'information c', 'technological changes', 'actual events', '4.20 million euros', '1.37 million euros', 'other document', 'current projections', '808,000 euros', '598,000 euros', '590,555 euros', '1,288,060 euros', '1,725,719 euros', 'Bilbao', '27 March', 'Virtualware', 'EPA', 'MLVIR', '91% increase', 'company', 'release', 'place', 'Canada', 'immersive', 'Audits', 'end', '192% increase', 'users', 'tools', 'developers', 'security', 'scalability', 'performance', 'way', 'business', 'trust', 'start', 'region', 'Orlando', 'Toronto', 'Simumatik', 'corporation', 'intention', 'institutions', 'Petronas', 'Volvo', 'Alstom', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'Bosh', 'Biogen', 'Defense', 'Spain', 'USA', 'Sweden', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'companies', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'modifications', 'statements', 'expectations', 'management', 'date', 'estimates', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'alterations', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'customers', 'debtors', 'counterparts', 'contents', '11.00', '163']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49720,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050902/0/en/AMG-Critical-Materials-N-V-Publishes-Agenda-for-the-2025-Annual-General-Meeting.html,AMG Critical Materials N.V. Publishes Agenda for the 2025 Annual General Meeting,"Amsterdam  27 March 2025 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") has published its Agenda and Explanatory Notes for the 2025 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) which will take place in Amsterdam  the Netherlands on May 8  2025 at the ho…","Amsterdam  27 March 2025 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") has published its Agenda and Explanatory Notes for the 2025 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) which will take place in Amsterdam  the Netherlands on May 8  2025 at the hotel Crowne Plaza Amsterdam-South.Shareholders will have the option to exercise voting rights by providing voting instructions prior to the AGM in accordance with the (proxy) voting procedures.The Agenda and Explanatory Notes  including instructions for shareholders to attend the meeting and/or to exercise their voting rights  are available to investors and other interested parties via the AMG website (www.amg-nv.com).About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG’s Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG’s Vanadium segment is the world’s market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company’s vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG’s Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company’s fast-growing LIVA batteries  NewMOX SAS formed to span the nuclear fuel market  and spans AMG’s mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  and Sri Lanka  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['AMG Critical Materials N.V.', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'Agenda', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'other end use markets', 'other forward looking statements', 'energy storage materials', 'other interested parties', 'Crowne Plaza Amsterdam-South', 'oil refining residues', 'growing LIVA batteries', 'customer service offices', 'Michele Fischer mfischer', 'nuclear fuel market', 'related process technologies', 'aerospace engine sector', 'mineral processing operations', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'proxy) voting procedures', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'lithium value chain', 'world market leader', 'other information', 'aerospace engines', 'Technologies segment', 'future operations', 'voting rights', 'Explanatory Notes', 'engineered systems', 'Lithium segment', 'chrome businesses', 'advanced metallurgy', 'equipment engineering', 'engineering home', 'NewMOX SAS', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'financial position', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'voting instructions', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'historical information', 'The Agenda', 'future events', 'inherent risks', 'AMG website', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'production facilities', 'Vanadium segment', 'AGM', 'place', 'Netherlands', 'May', 'hotel', 'Shareholders', 'option', 'accordance', 'investors', 'mission', 'development', 'tantalum', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'Company', 'titanium', 'graphite', 'antimony', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'sales', 'Japan', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'anticipates', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49721,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050307/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-March-20-March-26-2025.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 20 – March 26  2025,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details March 20 – March 26  2025  Alphen aan den Rijn – March 27  2025...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details March 20 – March 26  2025Alphen aan den Rijn – March 27  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 118 195 of its own ordinary shares in the period from March 20  2025  up to and including March 26  2025  for €16.9 million and at an average share price of €143.23.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 26  2025  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 1 billion during 2025.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2025Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2025 to date 1 264 597 198.8 157.22For the period starting February 28  2025  up to and including May 5  2025  we have engaged a third party to execute €155 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 600 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'March', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'professional information', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'Further information', 'information solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'software solutions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'March', 'WKL', 'services', 'repurchases', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,600 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49722,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3051020/0/en/Nanobiotix-Announces-First-Data-From-the-Completed-Dose-Escalation-Part-of-a-Phase-1-Study-Evaluating-NBTXR3-JNJ-1900-as-a-2L-Therapy-for-Patients-With-Locally-Advanced-NSCLC.html,Nanobiotix Announces First Data From the Completed Dose Escalation Part of a Phase 1 Study Evaluating NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) as a 2L+ Therapy for Patients With Locally Advanced NSCLC,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  March 27  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  nanotherapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for…,"Data show favorable safety and confirm injection feasibility in 12 patients with locally advanced NSCLC amenable to re-irradiation for whom prior lines of therapy have failedA preliminary review of survival data showed 12-month LPFS of 64% (median 18.6 months) and 12-month OS of 83% (median 30.2 months)The dose escalation part is complete  and 5/12 patients have been injected to date in the ongoing expansion partPARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  March 27  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  nanotherapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients  today announced the first data from the completed dose escalation part of a Phase 1 study sponsored by The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (""MD Anderson"") evaluating radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900)1 as a second or later line (2L+) therapy for patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) amenable to re-irradiation. These data will be presented at the 2025 European Lung Cancer Conference by study principal investigator Dr. Saumil Gandhi.ABSTRACT #207P: Phase 1 Study of Reirradiation (“ReRT”) with NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) for Inoperable Locoregional Recurrent Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (“NSCLC”)Saumil J. Gandhi  MD  PhD  Enoch Chang  MD  Aileen Chen  MD  Stephen G. Chun  MD  Steven H. Lin  MD  PhD  Rachel C. Maguire  BS  Matthew S. Ning  MD  MPH  Julianna K. Bronk  MD  PhD  David Qian  MD  Joe Y. Chang  MD  PhD  James W. Welsh  MD  Zhongxing Liao  MD  Rahul A. Sheth  MD  Roberto F. Casal  MDLocoregional recurrence occurs in 30-40% of patients with locally advanced NSCLC after treatment with definitive chemoradiation. Historically  patients who are amenable to re-irradiation are often limited to palliative doses due to associated toxicities. As such  strategies to enhance the therapeutic ratio of radiotherapy are needed to improve treatment outcomes.“Patients with recurrence after prior radiation therapy for locally advanced lung cancer face limited therapeutic options and significant challenges in achieving durable disease control ” said Saumil Gandhi  MD  PhD  Department of Thoracic Radiation Oncology  Division of Radiation Oncology at MD Anderson. “These data underscore the need for continued therapeutic innovation for these patients and highlight the potential of NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) as a novel approach to improving patient outcomes.”Results from the completed dose escalation part of the study demonstrated a favorable safety profile with no dose-limiting toxicities (DLTs)  and no Grade 3 or higher SAEs related to NBTXR3. Injection feasibility was confirmed  and the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) was established at 33% of gross tumor volume.Promising early efficacy signals were observed. Preliminary review of survival data from 12 patients showed 12-month LPFS of 64% (median 18.6 months) and 12-month OS of 83% (median 30.2 months)  further supporting the potential clinical benefit of NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) in this patient population.“The Nanobiotix team is encouraged by these early findings  which suggest NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900) could offer a new therapeutic option for patients with no alternatives after prior treatments have failed ” said Louis Kayitalire  MD  Nanobiotix Chief Medical Officer. “Notably  these results were observed in patients who resisted prior curative radiation doses and that were treated with JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3) activated by a lower radiation dose. As we advance the study’s expansion phase  we look forward to further evaluating NBTXR3 (JNJ-1900)’s potential to improve patient outcomes.”The expansion phase of the study is ongoing  with 5/12 patients injected to date.About JNJ-1900 (NBTXR3)NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312—a global  randomized Phase 3 study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023  Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV  a Johnson & Johnson company.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States) amongst other locations.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 25 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterDisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects”  “intends”  “can”  “could”  “may”  “might”  “plan”  “potential”  “should” and “will” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements which are based on the Company’ management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2024 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2023 universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 24  2024  in Nanobiotix’ 2024 semi-annual report under the caption “Supplemental Risk Factor” filed with the SEC on Form 6-K and with AMF on September 18  2024  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media RelationsFrance – HARDYCaroline Hardy+33 06 70 33 49 50carolinehardy@outlook.frGlobal – uncapped Communicationsnanobiotixteam@uncappedcommunications.com1 Potential first-in-class radioenhancer “NBTXR3” was licensed to Johnson & Johnson by Nanobiotix in 2023 and renamed “JNJ-1900” for the purposes of Johnson & Johnson-led clinical development.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.27,0.58,True,English,"['Dose Escalation Part', 'First Data', 'Phase 1 Study', '2L+ Therapy', 'Advanced NSCLC', 'Nanobiotix', 'Completed', 'NBTXR3', 'JNJ', 'Patients', 'Locally', 'Inoperable Locoregional Recurrent Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'neck squamous cell cancers', '2025 European Lung Cancer Conference', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'significant tumor cell death', 'later line (2L+) therapy', 'anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'Nanobiotix Chief Medical Officer', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'multiple solid tumor indications', 'prior curative radiation doses', 'global, randomized Phase 3 study', 'advanced lung cancer', 'European CE mark', 'adaptive immune response', 'disruptive, nanotherapeutic approaches', 'Stephen G. Chun', 'Steven H. Lin', 'Rachel C. Maguire', 'Matthew S. Ning', 'Julianna K. Bronk', 'James W. Welsh', 'Rahul A. Sheth', 'Roberto F. Casal', 'durable disease control', 'soft tissue sarcomas', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'United States Food', 'dose escalation part', 'gross tumor volume', 'lower radiation dose', 'limited therapeutic options', 'continued therapeutic innovation', 'new therapeutic option', 'Joe Y. Chang', 'Thoracic Radiation Oncology', 'early efficacy signals', 'ongoing expansion part', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'Dr. Saumil Gandhi', 'Saumil J. Gandhi', 'potential clinical benefit', 'prior radiation therapy', 'study principal investigator', 'favorable safety profile', 'The Nanobiotix team', 'class oncology product', 'Locoregional recurrence', 'phase 2 dose', 'palliative doses', 'significant challenges', 'prior lines', 'prior treatments', 'expansion phase', 'therapeutic ratio', 'The University', 'Enoch Chang', 'early findings', 'injection feasibility', 'Phase 1 study', 'advanced head', 'therapeutic combination', 'preliminary review', '12-month LPFS', 'median 18.6 months', '12-month OS', 'median 30.2 months', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Aileen Chen', 'David Qian', 'Zhongxing Liao', 'definitive chemoradiation', 'associated toxicities', 'novel approach', 'patient outcomes', 'dose-limiting toxicities', 'higher SAEs', 'patient population', 'Louis Kayitalire', 'product candidate', 'physical mechanism', 'single agent', 'Drug Administration', 'advanced NSCLC', 'survival data', 'treatment outcomes', 'first data', 'physical MoA', 'JNJ-1900 (NBTXR', 'radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', '5/12 patients', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'millions', 'second', 'irradiation', 'ABSTRACT', 'ReRT', 'PhD', 'MPH', 'strategies', 'Department', 'Division', 'need', 'Results', 'DLTs', 'Grade', 'RP2D', 'alternatives', 'proof', 'concept', 'action', 'NANORAY-3', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49723,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050340/0/en/Signify-and-Dixon-technologies-propose-joint-venture-to-enhance-lighting-products-and-accessories-manufacturing-excellence-in-India.html,Signify and Dixon technologies propose joint venture to enhance lighting products and accessories manufacturing excellence in India,Press Release    March 27  2025Signify and Dixon technologies propose joint venture to enhance lighting products and accessories manufacturing...,"Press ReleaseMarch 27  2025Signify and Dixon technologies propose joint venture to enhance lighting products and accessories manufacturing excellence in IndiaNew Delhi  27th March 2025 – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  and Dixon Technologies (India) Ltd. (NSE: DIXON) today announced the intent to form a joint venture to enhance manufacturing excellence in India. The proposed joint venture  pending required regulatory approvals  will produce lighting products and accessories for leading brands in the highly competitive Indian market.Leveraging Signify's global leadership in lighting technologies and Dixon's manufacturing excellence  the proposed new venture will manufacture world-class lighting products and accessories in India. The new venture will drive innovation and cost competitive offerings across a broad portfolio of products including LED bulbs  downlights  spots  battens  ropes  strips and LED lighting accessories. Signify and Dixon Technologies will each hold 50% equity in the newly formed venture.“Aligned to the government’s Make in India vision  this proposed joint venture with Dixon Technologies will create a world-class manufacturing company that combines the technology leadership  pricing  and offerings to the customers. With Signify’s unparalleled understanding of lighting technologies and Dixon’s manufacturing excellence  this joint venture will manufacture high-quality competitive lighting products in India.” said Mr. Sumit Joshi  MD and CEO  Signify Innovations India Ltd.“It gives us immense pleasure to partner with Signify India  the leader in the lighting segment. We see them as an ideal strategic partner that shares our core values of quality  innovation  manufacturing prowess  and customer centricity. We believe this proposed association will bolster our operational efficiency backed by Signify’s process orientation and strong understanding of lighting technologies."" said Atul B Lall  Vice Chairman and Managing Director  Dixon Technologies India Ltd.--- END ---For further information  please contact:SignifyIndia CommunicationsPrachi KaushikTel: + 91 8376958206E-mail: prachi.kaushik@signify.comGlobal CommunicationsTom LodgeTel: +31 6 5252 5416E-mail: tom.lodge@signify.comInvestor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comDixon TechnologiesCFOSaurabh GuptaTel: + 91 9818002624E-mail: saurabh.gupta@dixoninfo.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers and the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2024  we had sales of EUR 6.1 billion  approximately 29 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for eight consecutive years and have achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating for five consecutive years  placing Signify in the top one percent of companies assessed. News from Signify can be found in the Newsroom  on X  LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.About Dixon Technologies (India) LimitedDixon Technologies (India) Limited is the largest* home grown design-focused and solutions company engaged in manufacturing products in the consumer durables  lighting and mobile phones markets in India. Their diversified product portfolio includes (i) Consumer electronics like LED TVs; (ii) Home appliances like washing machines; (iii) Lighting products like LED bulbs and tube lights  downlighters; (iv) Mobile phones; (v) Wearables and Hearables (vi) Refrigerators (vii) Telecom and IT Hardware products. Dixon also provides solutions in reverse logistics  i.e.  repair and refurbishment services of LED TV panels.*Source: Project Rise: Indian Consumer Electronics & Appliances Market Study  issued by Frost & Sullivan India Private LimitedAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['accessories manufacturing excellence', 'Dixon technologies', 'joint venture', 'lighting products', 'Signify', 'India', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'Sullivan India Private Limited Attachment', 'largest* home grown design-focused', 'high-quality competitive lighting products', 'Global Communications Tom Lodge', 'Signify Innovations India Ltd', 'competitive Indian market', 'Mr. Sumit Joshi', 'ideal strategic partner', 'Atul B Lall', 'eight consecutive years', 'EcoVadis Platinum rating', 'five consecutive years', 'top one percent', 'Dixon Technologies India Ltd', 'diversified product portfolio', 'Appliances Market Study', 'LED TV panels', 'IT Hardware products', 'Investor Relations page', 'mobile phones markets', 'Indian Consumer Electronics', 'world-class manufacturing company', 'world-class lighting products', 'accessories manufacturing excellence', 'LED lighting accessories', 'Home appliances', 'global leadership', 'India Communications', 'manufacturing products', 'competitive offerings', 'broad portfolio', 'LED bulbs', 'LED TVs', 'Philips products', 'manufacturing prowess', 'lighting technologies', 'world leader', 'lighting segment', 'Press Release', 'New Delhi', 'regulatory approvals', 'leading brands', 'technology leadership', 'unparalleled understanding', 'immense pleasure', 'core values', 'customer centricity', 'operational efficiency', 'process orientation', 'strong understanding', 'Vice Chairman', 'Managing Director', 'Interact systems', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'solutions company', 'washing machines', 'tube lights', 'reverse logistics', 'refurbishment services', 'Project Rise', 'joint venture', 'new venture', 'Leveraging Signify', 'Signify India', 'Prachi Kaushik', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'Saurabh Gupta', 'March', '27th', 'intent', 'required', 'downlights', 'spots', 'battens', 'ropes', 'strips', '50% equity', 'government', 'vision', 'pricing', 'customers', 'MD', 'CEO', 'association', 'END', 'information', 'mail', 'Tel', 'CFO', 'dixoninfo', 'Euronext', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '29,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'companies', 'News', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'downlighters', 'Wearables', 'Hearables', 'Refrigerators', 'repair', 'Source', 'Frost', '31']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49724,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050905/0/en/ABO-Group-Environment-acquires-D%C3%A9lo-Boringen-a-Belgian-specialist-in-environmental-research.html,ABO-Group Environment acquires Délo Boringen  a Belgian specialist in environmental research,Karel Van Reeth  Délo Boringen & Frank De Palmenaer  ABO-Group EnvironmentGhent  27 March 2025 – 18:30 – Press release / Regulated information ......,"Karel Van Reeth  Délo Boringen & Frank De Palmenaer  ABO-Group EnvironmentGhent  27 March 2025 – 18:30 – Press release / Regulated informationABO-Group Environment NV announces its first acquisition of 2025: Délo Boringen BV from Schoten.The Van Reeth family remains on board  working closely with ABO-Group Environment.This acquisition  with a 70% majority stakeholdership by ABO-Group  strengthens ABO’s service offering in the field of environmental drilling.ABO-Group Environment proudly announces its first acquisition of this year: Délo Boringen  a Belgian specialist in environmental sampling and drilling.Délo Boringen offers an extensive range of services  including manual and mechanical drilling  undisturbed soil sampling and water sampling for environmental research as well as drilling for demolition monitoring (Tracimat). Karel Van Reeth remains actively involved as part of the management team  ensuring the continuity of the company.With this acquisition  ABO-Group strengthens its core activities in soil research and sampling for environmental applications. The acquisition of Délo Boringen allows ABO-Group to further deepen and broaden its product offering  aimed at effectively addressing soil contamination.Karel Van Reeth  founder of Délo Boringen  states: ""ABO-Group has been one of our key customers for a long time and we have built an excellent collaboration together. As a smaller company  we need the support of a larger organization with whom we can develop new and innovative drilling techniques in the future. That's why we see joining forces with ABO Group as an important step towards securing our future. Together with my family  I look forward to growing our family business further in our sector under the wings of ABO-Group.""Frank De Palmenaer  CEO of ABO-Group Environment  emphasizes: ""For ABO-Group  preserving the independence and continuity of the family-owned business Délo Boringen remains essential  as is the case with many of our participations. We will provide support in terms of investments and the implementation of innovative techniques to adequately respond to the sector’s challenges. We are pleased to add Délo Boringen's expertise to our service offering. The family-based management and the independence of the company will continue to be guaranteed. The involvement of the family shareholders is ensured as they will retain 30% of the shares.""The acquisition is expected to be completed in the second quarter.About Délo boringenDélo Boringen  founded in 2003 and based in Schoten  has grown into a leading environmental drilling company in Belgium. It offers a wide range of services  including manual and mechanical drilling  undisturbed soil sampling and water sampling. The company prides itself on its customer-oriented service and high-quality project execution.About ABO-Group EnvironmentABO-Group  founded in 1995 as a consultancy firm for soil investigations  has grown into an international engineering firm specialized in all aspects of environment and soil: quality  reuse and remediation  geotechnics and monitoring  ecology and cultural heritage. ABO-Group operates through various semi-independent subsidiaries in Belgium  France and the Netherlands. With over 800 experts  the group possesses the technology  expertise and scale necessary to offer complete solutions for the most challenging projects. Its clients include businesses active in construction  infrastructure  mining and raw materials  energy and water  ranging from indicative studies and design to execution and maintenance of diverse assets.ABO-Group Environment is listed on EURONEXT Brussels and EURONEXT Paris.For a more detailed description of ABO-Group Environment’s activities  please visit: www.abo-group.eu.For more informationFrank De PalmenaerCEO ABO-Group Environment nvfrank.depalmenaer@abo-group.euT: +32 (0)496 59 88 88Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Délo Boringen', 'ABO-Group Environment', 'Belgian specialist', 'environmental research', 'Délo Boringen BV', 'The Van Reeth family', 'leading environmental drilling company', 'Karel Van Reeth', 'various semi-independent subsidiaries', 'Frank De Palmenaer', 'international engineering firm', 'high-quality project execution', 'undisturbed soil sampling', 'innovative drilling techniques', 'ABO-Group Environment NV', 'CEO ABO-Group Environment', 'innovative techniques', 'environmental sampling', 'consultancy firm', 'environmental research', 'environmental applications', 'family business', 'family shareholders', 'soil research', 'soil contamination', 'soil investigations', 'mechanical drilling', 'Press release', '70% majority stakeholdership', 'service offering', 'Belgian specialist', 'extensive range', 'management team', 'product offering', 'key customers', 'long time', 'excellent collaboration', 'larger organization', 'important step', 'family-owned business', 'family-based management', 'second quarter', 'wide range', 'customer-oriented service', 'cultural heritage', 'complete solutions', 'challenging projects', 'raw materials', 'indicative studies', 'diverse assets', 'EURONEXT Brussels', 'EURONEXT Paris', 'detailed description', 'eu T', 'water sampling', 'smaller company', 'ABO-Group EnvironmentGhent', 'Regulated information', 'demolition monitoring', 'core activities', 'first acquisition', 'ABO Group', '27 March', 'Schoten', 'board', 'field', 'year', 'services', 'manual', 'Tracimat', 'part', 'continuity', 'founder', 'support', 'new', 'future', 'forces', 'sector', 'wings', 'independence', 'case', 'terms', 'investments', 'implementation', 'challenges', 'expertise', 'involvement', 'shares', 'Belgium', 'aspects', 'reuse', 'remediation', 'geotechnics', 'ecology', 'France', 'Netherlands', '800 experts', 'technology', 'scale', 'clients', 'businesses', 'construction', 'infrastructure', 'mining', 'energy', 'design', 'maintenance', 'depalmenaer', 'Attachments']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49725,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ambcrypto.com/580-btc-buy-amid-bitcoin-pivot-sparks-226-stock-surge-for-the-blockchain-group/,580 BTC buy amid Bitcoin pivot sparks 226% stock surge for the Blockchain Group,The Blockchain Group's $40M Bitcoin acquisition ignites a 226% stock surge and echoes wider whale-led BTC accumulation trends.,The Blockchain Group confirmed a 580 BTC buy  boosting its stock by 226% amid growing institutional Bitcoin interest.Whale accumulation trends aligned with the firm’s move  suggesting broader market confidence in Bitcoin’s next leg up.The Blockchain Group has confirmed the acquisition of 580 Bitcoin [BTC]  valued at approximately $40 million  in a strategic move that has sent its stock soaring by 226% over the past week.The announcement  made on the 26th of March via Euronext  marks a pivotal turn in the company’s Bitcoin strategy and comes just as whale activity across the BTC network accelerates.With retail investors hesitating  whales are making decisive plays  and The Blockchain Group appears to be following suit.Strategic accumulation meets market timingThe firm’s acquisition  which began in early March  aligns with a surge in accumulation by the largest whale wallets.Wallets holding over 10 000 BTC have increased their Accumulation Trend Score to above 0.5  reflecting renewed confidence in the asset.The Blockchain Group appears to be capitalizing on this sentiment shift  following the momentum created by smart money investors.The company also stated its intention to expand its Bitcoin treasury position  reinforcing long-term bullishness. This mirrors broader macro trends  where firms like MicroStrategy have normalized BTC as a balance sheet asset.The Blockchain Group’s pivot may thus attract institutional attention  particularly as traditional markets continue to grapple with inflation and macro uncertainty.Stock price and volume surgeFollowing the acquisition news  The Blockchain Group’s stock has experienced a remarkable price surge  rising from below €0.42 to over €0.51 within a matter of days.Trading volume also spiked sharply  with multiple days clearing the 100k mark.This price action  reflected in the attached chart  suggests strong market conviction in the company’s Bitcoin-focused strategy.Bitcoin whales: The broader contextBeyond The Blockchain Group  whale behavior is turning heads. The Whale Position Change (30D) metric shows a net inflow approaching 100K BTC  a sharp reversal from the persistent outflows that began in January.The Supply per Whale metric is also climbing again  reinforcing that large holders are not only buying back in but are also increasing their exposure.With BTC trading near $87 000 at press time  bulls are testing resistance just below $88K. The 200-day MA sat higher at $94 443  while the RSI remained neutral.As whales accumulate and institutional players like The Blockchain Group signal confidence  the possibility of BTC retesting its previous highs becomes more credible.ConclusionThe Blockchain Group’s bold acquisition of 580 BTC has not only sent its stock soaring but also aligns with a broader accumulation trend led by whales.This synergy between corporate treasuries and whale wallets may set the stage for the next leg of Bitcoin’s rally.As the market digests these developments  The Blockchain Group’s actions stand out as both timely and potentially transformative.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.64,0.33,0.03,True,English,"['580 BTC buy', 'Bitcoin pivot', '226% stock surge', 'Blockchain Group', 'The Whale Position Change (30D) metric', 'growing institutional Bitcoin interest', 'Bitcoin treasury position', 'The Blockchain Group', 'smart money investors', 'Accumulation Trend Score', 'Whale accumulation trends', 'broader macro trends', 'strong market conviction', 'broader accumulation trend', 'balance sheet asset', 'largest whale wallets', 'remarkable price surge', 'Whale metric', 'broader market confidence', 'The Supply', 'whale activity', 'whale behavior', 'broader context', 'institutional attention', 'institutional players', 'retail investors', 'macro uncertainty', 'Strategic accumulation', 'price action', 'market timing', 'Bitcoin strategy', 'past week', 'pivotal turn', 'decisive plays', 'sentiment shift', 'long-term bullishness', 'traditional markets', 'volume surge', 'Trading volume', '100k mark', 'Bitcoin-focused strategy', 'net inflow', 'sharp reversal', 'persistent outflows', 'large holders', 'press time', '200-day MA', 'previous highs', 'corporate treasuries', '580 Bitcoin [BTC', 'Stock price', 'strategic move', 'early March', 'acquisition news', 'multiple days', 'bold acquisition', 'next leg', '580 BTC buy', 'BTC network', '100K BTC', 'Bitcoin whales', '10,000 BTC', 'firm', 'announcement', '26th', 'Euronext', 'company', 'suit', 'momentum', 'intention', 'MicroStrategy', 'inflation', 'matter', 'chart', 'heads', 'January', 'exposure', 'bulls', 'resistance', 'possibility', 'Conclusion', 'synergy', 'stage', 'rally', 'developments', 'actions']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,ambcrypto.com
49726,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050262/0/en/Technip-Energies-Announces-Publication-Date-for-First-Quarter-of-2025-Financial-Results-and-Conference-Call.html,Technip Energies Announces Publication Date for First Quarter of 2025 Financial Results and Conference Call,Technip Energies Announces Publication Date forFirst Quarter of 2025 Financial Results and Conference Call  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) will issue its......,Technip Energies Announces Publication Date forFirst Quarter of 2025 Financial Results and Conference CallTechnip Energies (PARIS:TE) will issue its first quarter 2025 financial results on Wednesday April 30th  2025  at 07:30 CEST. The Company will host a results conference call on the same day at 14:00 CEST.To participate in the conference call  please use one of the following telephone numbers and dial in approximately 10 minutes prior to the scheduled start time:FR: +33 1 70 91 87 04UK: +44 1 212818004US: +1 718 7058796Conference Code: 880901The event will be webcast simultaneously and can be accessed at: T.EN Q1 2025 WebcastTo listen to the webcast  please register on the website at least 10 minutes before the call begins. The webcast will be available on-demand shortly after it has finished.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor Relations Media RelationsPhillip Lindsay Jason HyonneVice-President Investor Relations Press Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +44 207 585 5051 Tel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Phillip Lindsay Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Technip Energies', 'Publication Date', 'First Quarter', '2025 Financial Results', 'Conference Call', 'Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations', 'Investor Relations Media Relations', 'T.EN Q1 2025 Webcast', 'first quarter 2025 financial results', 'Social Media Manager', 'following telephone numbers', 'scheduled start time', 'complementary business segments', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'results conference call', 'Conference Code', 'Technip Energies', 'Publication Date', 'April 30th', 'The Company', 'same day', 'engineering powerhouse', 'leadership positions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'critical markets', 'Project Delivery', 'industrial reality', '17,000+ employees', 'Phillip Lindsay', 'global technology', 'energy derivatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'Wednesday', '14:00 CEST', '10 minutes', 'FR', 'UK', 'event', 'website', 'demand', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'development', 'decarbonization', 'circularity', 'Products', 'Services', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'revenues', 'counter', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Email', '07:30']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49727,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4126437.html,Accor Celebrates the Success of the 2025 Pacific Franchise Conference,Accor  the largest hotel operator in the Pacific  successfully concluded its 2025 Pacific Franchise Conference  bringing together franchise partners  hotel general managers  industry leaders  and Accor executives for two days of insightful discussions  networ…,Accor  the largest hotel operator in the Pacific  successfully concluded its 2025 Pacific Franchise Conference  bringing together franchise partners  hotel general managers  industry leaders  and Accor executives for two days of insightful discussions  networking  and strategic presentations.Hosted at Pullman Auckland Hotel & Apartments  the event reinforced Accor’s commitment to franchise growth and value-driven partnerships in Australia and New Zealand.The conference  which ran from 25-27 March 2025  featured a dynamic agenda covering industry performance insights  commercial strategies  investment opportunities  and operational excellence. Delegates gained exclusive insights into the evolving hotel landscape  with panel discussions and workshops addressing market-leading performance  loyalty  and sustainability.Duncan O’Rourke  Chief Executive Officer for Accor’s Premium  Midscale & Economy Division in the Middle East  Africa  Asia and the Pacific  opened the event alongside Adrian Williams  Chief Operating Officer for Accor’s Premium  Midscale & Economy division in the Pacific  highlighting Accor’s franchise growth strategy and the Group’s ongoing commitment to innovation and partnership.The energy and engagement at this year’s conference were a testament to the strength of Accor’s franchise network in the Pacific. We are focused on fostering sustainable  long-term franchisee partnerships that create value for both owners and guests ” said . “With a dedicated franchise team  a globally recognised brand portfolio  and an approach that integrates local market dynamics with world-class hospitality solutions  we are enabling hoteliers to future-proof their businesses while maintaining their distinct identity. Duncan O’RourkeThe evolution of our franchise model in Australia and New Zealand underscores our ability to adapt to changing market conditions  providing owners with the agility  expertise  and strategic support needed to succeed. Through continuous investment  dedicated performance managers  and our award-winning loyalty program  ALL  we are empowering hoteliers to accelerate their growth while maintaining their unique identity. Our commitment to franchisee success is evident in the fact that 50% of our existing franchisees now own multiple hotels within the Accor network. Adrian WilliamsFranchising in the Pacific is evolving rapidly  and Accor is driving this transformation by offering hotel owners a clear pathway to long-term success. As demand for conversions grows  we are focused on delivering measurable value through procurement efficiencies  ESG advantages  and immediate performance uplift. Our diverse portfolio of conversion-friendly brands provides a seamless way to modernise properties and meet the changing expectations of today’s travellers. Danesh Bamji  Vice President Franchise  PacificThe conference featured keynotes from industry leaders and Accor teams  including insights from STR on market performance  an in-depth look at Accor’s brand and commercial strategy  and an expert panel on hotel investment trends. Kerry Healy  Chief Commercial Officer for Accor’s Premium  Midscale & Economy Division in the Middle East  Africa  Asia  and the Pacific  delivered a commercial keynote  offering valuable perspectives on the Group’s strategy. A highlight of the event was a Q&A session with All Blacks legend Ian Jones  who shared leadership insights from the world of elite sport.The 2025 Pacific Franchise Conference was a powerful demonstration of Accor’s commitment to delivering tangible value and strategic support for our franchise partners. By combining data-driven insights  cutting-edge commercial strategies  and the strength of our globally recognised brands  we are empowering hoteliers to drive long-term success. It was inspiring to see the passion and innovation within our franchise network  and we remain dedicated to fostering growth  performance  and excellence across the Pacific. Kerry HealyRecognising Excellence: 2025 Pacific Franchise AwardsA highlight of the conference was the 2025 Pacific Franchise Awards  held during the gala dinner at Pullman Auckland. The awards celebrated outstanding achievements and excellence across Accor’s franchise network  recognising hotels and individuals who have demonstrated exceptional performance  innovation  and guest experience.The six award categories and winners are:Limitless Performance Award – Novotel New Plymouth– Novotel New Plymouth Pioneering Mindset Award - Ayers Rock Resorts- Ayers Rock Resorts Art of Hospitality Award – Peppers Hills Lodge– Peppers Hills Lodge Responsible Hospitality Award – ibis Styles The Entrance– ibis Styles The Entrance Hotel Renovation of the Year Award – Novotel Brighton Beach– Novotel Brighton Beach Hotel of the Year – Mercure SydneyBeyond the business agenda  delegates enjoyed networking experiences  including an Auckland Harbour sailing excursion  fostering deeper connections among Accor’s franchise community.The conference concluded with a Franchisee Owner Panel  where leading hoteliers shared their experiences  challenges  and success stories  reinforcing Accor’s win-win growth model.From luxury to economy  Accor operates over 400 hotels in the Pacific region under renowned brands such as Sofitel  MGallery  Art Series  Pullman  Swissôtel  Mövenpick  Grand Mercure  Peppers  The Sebel  Mantra  Handwritten Collection  Novotel  TRIBE  Mercure  BreakFree  ibis  ibis Styles and ibis budget  as well as Ennismore’s SO/.With 122 franchised properties in Australia and 11 in New Zealand  Accor’s franchise expansion continues to gain momentum  with a focus on strategic growth  innovative brand conversions  and tailored support for franchise partners.For more information on Accor’s franchise opportunities  visit: https://group.accor.com/en/hotel-development.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Naomi HammondCommunications Manager - Pacific+61(0) 434 738 380Accor,positive,0.67,0.32,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['2025 Pacific Franchise Conference', 'Accor', 'Success', 'Novotel New Plymouth Pioneering Mindset Award', 'Peppers Hills Lodge Responsible Hospitality Award', 'All Blacks legend Ian Jones', 'Auckland Harbour sailing excursion', 'Novotel Brighton Beach Hotel', 'The Entrance Hotel Renovation', 'sustainable, long-term franchisee partnerships', 'world-class hospitality solutions', 'six award categories', 'The 2025 Pacific Franchise Conference', 'largest hotel operator', 'hotel general managers', 'evolving hotel landscape', 'Limitless Performance Award', 'Duncan O’Rourke', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Q&A session', 'Ayers Rock Resorts', 'local market dynamics', 'Pullman Auckland Hotel', 'dedicated franchise team', 'Vice President Franchise', 'hotel investment trends', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'dedicated performance managers', 'immediate performance uplift', 'Franchisee Owner Panel', 'changing market conditions', 'award-winning loyalty program', 'cutting-edge commercial strategies', 'industry performance insights', '2025 Pacific Franchise Awards', 'franchise growth strategy', 'New Zealand', 'market performance', 'value-driven partnerships', 'franchisee success', 'Year Award', 'long-term success', 'franchise partners', 'franchise network', 'franchise model', 'franchise community', 'changing expectations', 'hotel owners', 'commercial strategy', 'commercial keynote', 'market-leading performance', 'exceptional performance', 'industry leaders', 'investment opportunities', 'panel discussions', 'continuous investment', 'expert panel', 'two days', 'insightful discussions', 'strategic presentations', '25-27 March', 'dynamic agenda', 'exclusive insights', 'Economy Division', 'Middle East', 'Adrian Williams', 'distinct identity', 'strategic support', 'unique identity', 'existing franchisees', 'clear pathway', 'procurement efficiencies', 'ESG advantages', 'diverse portfolio', 'seamless way', 'Danesh Bamji', 'depth look', 'Kerry Healy', 'valuable perspectives', 'leadership insights', 'elite sport', 'powerful demonstration', 'data-driven insights', 'gala dinner', 'outstanding achievements', 'guest experience', 'ibis Styles', 'Mercure Sydney', 'business agenda', 'deeper connections', 'measurable value', 'tangible value', 'operational excellence', 'brand portfolio', 'multiple hotels', 'conversion-friendly brands', 'Recognising Excellence', 'networking experiences', 'Premium, Midscale', 'ongoing commitment', 'leading hoteliers', 'Accor executives', 'Accor network', 'Accor teams', 'Apartments', 'event', 'Australia', 'Delegates', 'workshops', 'sustainability', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Group', 'innovation', 'energy', 'engagement', 'testament', 'strength', 'guests', 'approach', 'businesses', 'evolution', 'agility', 'expertise', 'fact', 'Franchising', 'transformation', 'demand', 'conversions', 'properties', 'today', 'travellers', 'keynotes', 'highlight', 'globally', 'passion', 'individuals', 'winners']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,hospitalitynet.org
49728,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050253/0/en/Press-release-Sequana-Medical-to-Attend-the-VFB-Happening-2025-in-Ghent-Belgium-on-Saturday-29-March-2025.html,Press release: Sequana Medical to Attend the “VFB Happening 2025” in Ghent  Belgium on Saturday  29 March 2025,Sequana Medical to Attend the “VFB Happening 2025” in Ghent  Belgium on Saturday  29 March 2025  Ghent  Belgium – 27 March 2025 – Sequana Medical NV......,"Sequana Medical to Attend the “VFB Happening 2025”in Ghent  Belgium on Saturday  29 March 2025Ghent  Belgium – 27 March 2025 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA  the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  is pleased to announce its participation in the “VFB Happening 2025” this Saturday  29 March 2025  in the Congress Center ICC in Ghent. As Belgium’s most significant investor conference  the event offers a unique opportunity for investors to engage with industry leaders.Sequana Medical’s CEO  CFO  and Investor Relations team will be present at booth 3060 and available for meetings. CEO. Ian Crosbie will present at 11:40 AM in Speakers’ Corner I  providing insights into the Company’s latest developments and the upcoming U.S. launch of the alfapump planned for mid Q3.Attendance is free  but registration is required. Sign up via this link.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalInvestor relationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 9 292 8065About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. This causes major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility. Although diuretics are standard of care  they become ineffective  intolerable or exacerbate the problem in many patients. There are limited effective treatment options  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic resistant"" patient population. alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  and are intended to deliver major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients  while reducing costs for healthcare systems.The Company received US FDA approval for the alfapump System for the treatment of recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis in December 2024  following the grant of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation in 2019. Sequana Medical intends to start US commercialisation early in mid-Q3 2025 through a small specialty salesforce that it will establish to target the 90 US liver transplant centers that perform 95% of liver transplants.Results of the Company's RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies in heart failure published in European Journal of Heart Failure in April 2024 support DSR's mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. All three patients from the non-randomized cohort of MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical study  have been successfully treated with DSR  resulting in a dramatic improvement in diuretic response and virtual elimination of loop diuretic requirements1.Sequana Medical is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Safety Information: For important safety information regarding the alfapump® system  see https://www.sequanamedical.com/wp-content/uploads/ISI.pdf.The alfapump® System is currently not approved in Canada.DSR® therapy is still in development and is currently not approved in any country. The safety and effectiveness of DSR® therapy has not been established.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 Data reported in press release of March 25  2024; mean increase of 326% in six-hour urinary sodium excretion at 3 months follow up vs baseline  and 95% reduction of loop diuretics over same periodAttachments",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Press release', 'Sequana Medical', 'VFB Happening', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Saturday', 'March', 'US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical study', 'growing ""diuretic resistant"" patient population', 'upcoming U.S. launch', 'six-hour urinary sodium excretion', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', '90 US liver transplant centers', 'limited effective treatment options', 'US FDA approval', 'frequent clinical complication', 'poor clinical outcomes', 'Congress Center ICC', 'Speakers’ Corner I', 'small specialty salesforce', 'same period Attachments', 'loop diuretic requirements', 'innovative treatment options', 'significant investor conference', 'drug-resistant fluid overload', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'Investor Relations team', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'Important Safety Information', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'randomized cohort', 'The alfapump® System', 'major clinical', 'US commercialisation', 'diuretic response', 'liver disease', 'liver cirrhosis', 'liver transplants', 'major impact', 'VFB Happening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'heart failure', 'unique opportunity', 'industry leaders', 'Ian Crosbie', 'latest developments', 'mid Q3.', 'increased mortality', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'restricted mobility', 'proprietary platforms', 'healthcare systems', 'alfapump System', 'refractory ascites', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA proof', 'concept studies', 'European Journal', 'vicious cycle', 'cardiorenal syndrome', 'dramatic improvement', 'virtual elimination', 'regulated market', 'press release', 'other information', 'current judgment', 'undue reliance', 'mean increase', 'loop diuretics', 'The Company', 'many patients', 'high costs', 'life benefits', 'three patients', 'SEQUA.BR', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'DSR® therapy', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Saturday', 'March', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'participation', 'event', 'investors', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'booth', 'meetings', '11:40 AM', 'insights', 'Attendance', 'registration', 'link', 'serious', 'difficulty', 'breathing', 'standard', 'problem', 'quality', 'large', 'body', 'recurrent', 'December', 'grant', 'mid-Q3', 'April', 'mechanism', 'action', 'MOJAVE', 'Ticker', 'sequanamedical', 'uploads', 'ISI', 'Canada', 'country', 'effectiveness', 'Note', 'trademarks', 'predictions', 'estimates', 'guarantees', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'law', 'regulation', 'opinions', '1 Data', '3 months', 'baseline', '95% reduction']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49729,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050721/0/en/BIC-Release-and-Availability-of-the-2024-Universal-Registration-Document.html,BIC: Release and Availability of the 2024 Universal Registration Document,Release and Availability of the 2024 Universal Registration Document  Clichy  France – March 27  2025 – The 2024 Universal Registration Document...,Release and Availability of the2024 Universal Registration DocumentClichy  France – March 27  2025 – The 2024 Universal Registration Document (French version) was filed with the A.M.F (Autorité des Marchés Financiers: French Financial Markets Authority) on March 27  2025.The document is available on BIC’s website in French and English in the Investors’ section under Universal Registration Document as well as on the website of the A.M.F (www.amf-france.org). It is available to the public under current regulatory conditions.The 2024 Universal Registration Document contains XBRL tags (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) for its financial statements  as BIC adopted the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF).The document includes:the Annual Financial Report the Management report of the Board of Directors for 2024 the Report on Corporate Governance of the Board of Directors (including the compensation policy for corporate officers) information on sustainability (including the vigilance plan) the description of the share buyback program the Reports from the Statutory Auditors and their fees the draft resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 20  2025  as well as the Board of Directors report on the draft resolutions.About BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC’s commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 13 000 team members worldwide  BIC’s portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color™  BodyMark®  Cello®  Cristal®  Inkbox®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Rocketbook®  Tattly®  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitments to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC’s full range of products visit www.bic.com . Follow BIC on LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube and TikTok .CONTACTSBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Investor Relations Manager+33 6 79 31 50 37michele.ventura@bicworld.com Bethridge ToovellVP Global Communications+1 917 821 4249bethridge.toovell@bicworld.comApolline CeleyronSenior Communications Manager+33 6 13 63 44 43apolline.celeyron@bicworld.comAGENDAAll dates are subject to changeFirst Quarter 2025 Net Sales April 23  2025 Annual General Meeting May 20  2025 First Half 2025 Results July 30  2025 Third Quarter 2025 Net Sales October 28  2025Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['2024 Universal Registration Document', 'BIC', 'Release', 'Availability', 'Michèle Ventura Senior Investor Relations Manager', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'eXtensible Business Reporting Language', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'A.M.F', 'current regulatory conditions', 'share buyback program', 'Annual General Meeting', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'VP Global Communications', 'First Half 2025 Results', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual Financial Report', 'financial statements', 'global leader', 'First Quarter', 'French version', 'Investors’ section', 'XBRL tags', 'Management report', 'compensation policy', 'vigilance plan', 'Statutory Auditors', 'draft resolutions', 'everyday life', '13,000 team members', 'iconic brands', 'EZ Load™', 'EZ Reach®', 'Tangle Teezer®', 'steadfast commitments', 'full range', 'Net Sales', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Governance', 'corporate officers', 'Euronext Paris', 'trusted products', 'BIC® 4-Color™', 'BIC Kids®', 'BIC® Flex™', 'Brice Paris', 'Bethridge Toovell', 'Apolline Celeyron', 'Release', 'Availability', 'Clichy', 'France', 'The', 'website', 'English', 'amf', 'org', 'public', 'ESEF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'information', 'sustainability', 'description', 'Reports', 'fees', 'May', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '80 years', 'symbol', 'reliability', 'innovation', 'presence', '160 countries', 'portfolio', 'BodyMark®', 'Cello®', 'Cristal®', 'Inkbox®', 'Lucky™', 'Rocketbook', 'Tattly®', 'Tipp-Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Djeep', 'Soleil®', 'SBF120', 'education', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'TikTok', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'AGENDA', 'dates', 'change', 'April', 'July', 'Attachment']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49730,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://decrypt.co/311877/french-blockchain-group-bitcoin-holdings-54-million,French Blockchain Group's Bitcoin Holdings Rise to $54 Million,The company's BTC buy puts it among the top 30 corporate Bitcoin holders globally  a list dominated by Michael Saylor’s Strategy.,Create an account to save your articles.Create an account to save your articles.Decrypt’s Art  Fashion  and Entertainment Hub. Discover SCENEFrance-based tech firm  The Blockchain Group  has strengthened its position among global Bitcoin holders with the purchase of 580 BTC valued at $50.64 million.The acquisition brings the company's total Bitcoin holdings to 620 BTC  aligning with its long-term strategy of accumulating and perpetually holding BTC as a reserve asset.Listed on Euronext Paris  The Blockchain Group has continued its Bitcoin accumulation strategy that began in November 2024  acquiring BTC to optimize its cash reserves.The latest purchase  made through its 100% subsidiary The Blockchain Group Luxembourg SA  was financed using proceeds from a convertible bond issuance announced in early March.The company’s accumulation strategy is driven by Bitcoin’s “unique attributes: unparalleled scarcity  security  and decentralization ” as noted on its website.At the time of the announcement  the Bitcoin price was $87 311  bringing the total value of the group’s holdings to roughly $54 million.The company's initial buys coincided with pivotal events like the U.S. presidential election and Bitcoin’s rise toward $100 000  giving the company a strong entry into the market.The Blockchain Group  trading under the ALTBG ticker  saw its stock rise from $0.16 per share on November 5 to $0.51 on Wednesday  as per Google Finance data  marking a 220% increase since it began accumulating Bitcoin.🟠 The Blockchain Group confirms the acquisition of 580 BTC for ~€47.3 million  the holding of a total of 620 BTC  and a BTC Yield of 709.8% YTD. → Confirmation of the acquisition of 580 BTC for ~€47.3 million at ~€81 550 per bitcoin → Total group holdings of 620 BTC for… pic.twitter.com/8CCCax4Y39 — The Blockchain Group (@_ALTBG) March 26  2025To track the performance of its Bitcoin treasury strategy  The Blockchain Group has introduced key performance indicators (KPIs) including BTC Yield  BTC Gain  and BTC € Gain.Such metrics measure the percentage change in the ratio of total Bitcoin holdings to shares outstanding  offering transparency into the growth of the company’s Bitcoin assets.As of the latest report  the company has achieved a BTC Yield of 709.8% year-to-date (YTD)  pointing to the success of its Bitcoin acquisition strategy.The French firm’s latest acquisition places it among the top 30 corporate Bitcoin holders globally  a list dominated by Michael Saylor’s Strategy  which holds over 500 000 BTC.The Blockchain Group's action is in step with a broader trend of companies embracing BTC as part of their financial strategies.GameStop Corp.  for instance  recently announced plans to raise $1.3 billion to purchase BTC  following a similar path to that of Strategy  formerly known as MicroStrategy  a company known for its extensive BTC holdings.Japanese investment firm Metaplanet is another major company that has been actively increasing its Bitcoin holdings following Strategy’s playbook  recently adding 150 BTC to bring its total to 3 350 BTC  valued at approximately $291 million.Edited by Stacy Elliott.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['French Blockchain Group', 'Bitcoin Holdings', 'The Blockchain Group Luxembourg SA', 'U.S. presidential election', 'top 30 corporate Bitcoin holders', 'convertible bond issuance', 'Google Finance data', 'global Bitcoin holders', 'France-based tech firm', 'Japanese investment firm', 'key performance indicators', 'Total group holdings', 'Bitcoin treasury strategy', 'total Bitcoin holdings', 'extensive BTC holdings', 'Bitcoin accumulation strategy', 'Bitcoin acquisition strategy', 'French firm', 'Bitcoin price', 'Bitcoin assets', 'total value', 'Entertainment Hub', 'long-term strategy', 'reserve asset', 'Euronext Paris', 'cash reserves', 'unique attributes', 'unparalleled scarcity', 'initial buys', 'pivotal events', 'strong entry', 'Such metrics', 'percentage change', 'latest report', 'Michael Saylor', 'broader trend', 'financial strategies', 'GameStop Corp.', 'similar path', 'Stacy Elliott', 'latest acquisition', 'latest purchase', 'early March', 'ALTBG ticker', 'BTC Yield', 'BTC Gain', 'BTC € Gain', 'major company', '580 BTC', '620 BTC', '500,000 BTC', '150 BTC', '3,350 BTC', 'account', 'articles', 'Decrypt', 'Fashion', 'SCENE', 'position', 'November', '100% subsidiary', 'proceeds', 'security', 'decentralization', 'website', 'time', 'announcement', 'market', 'stock', 'share', 'Wednesday', '220% increase', '709.8% YTD', 'Confirmation', '8CCCax4Y39', 'KPIs', 'ratio', 'outstanding', 'transparency', 'growth', 'date', 'success', 'list', 'action', 'step', 'companies', 'part', 'instance', 'plans', 'MicroStrategy', 'Metaplanet', 'playbook']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,decrypt.co
49731,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050907/0/en/ABO-Group-Environment-Annual-Results-2024.html,ABO-Group Environment Annual Results 2024,ABO-Group Environment – Results  Second half-year 2024 and full year 2024  Ghent  27 March 2025 – 18:30 – Press release / regulated information ......,ABO-Group Environment – ResultsSecond half-year 2024 and full year 2024Ghent  27 March 2025 – 18:30 – Press release / regulated informationABO-Group Environment doubles its turnover in four years one year faster than forecastHighlights 2024With a turnover of 95.9 million euro and growth of 14.6% (+12.3 million euro) compared to 2023  ABO-Group Environment reaches its revenue target for 2024. Acquisitions in 2024 represent 4.7% of this growth  alongside an organic growth of 9.9%.Geographically  more than half of the revenue growth was realized in Belgium (+6.4 million euro)  followed by the Netherlands (+4.8 million euro) and France (+1.1 million euro).Revenue by activity increased most in the Environmental division (+7.5 million euro)  followed by ‘Monitoring and Infrastructure 1 ’ (+3.8 million euro) and Geotechnics (+1.0 million euro).’ (+3.8 million euro) and Geotechnics (+1.0 million euro). EBITDA 2 increases from 11.2 million euro to 12.1 million euro.increases from 11.2 million euro to 12.1 million euro. A solid balance sheet with a debt ratio of 2.1x EBITDA and a solvency ratio of 28.2% supports the further development of ABO-Group.With the full year effect of the 2024 acquisitions  the 100-million-euro turnover mark is achieved one year faster than forecast.OutlookABO-Group is further committed to the combination of organic double-digit growth and an acquisition policy focused on niche players. In that context  the acquisition of environmental drilling company Délo Boringen from Schoten  Belgium  was announced today.Strengthening existing areas of expertise  focusing on the growth pillars of Geotechnics  Ecology and the Mining Industry  which we expect to gain new momentum in Europe from the European Critical Raw Materials Act.With the effect of the turnover not yet taken from the 2024 acquisitions  the announced acquisition and the important recent assignments in geotechnics and environment for the Ministries of Defence in some of our home markets (over 15 million euro)  we expect turnover for 2025 to range between 105 and 110 million euro.Management reportThe CEO’s perspectiveFrank De Palmenaer  CEO of ABO-Group Environment  explains:“This year  we again achieved strong revenue growth  driven by our focus on specialization  innovation and synergies within the group. Targeted niche acquisitions and knowledge development strengthen our expertise and position ABO-Group as a one-stop-shop for geotechnics  environmental research and monitoring.The world is rapidly changing  presenting increasing challenges in terms of environment  climate and geopolitics. ABO-Group plays a key role in addressing these challenges through our expertise in soil investigation  risk management and sustainable water and soil management strategies. We are enhancing our monitoring techniques  expanding our PFAS expertise and contributing to Europe’s ambition for strategic autonomy.Our progress is only possible due to the dedication of our employees and the trust of our customers and shareholders. Together  we continue to build a sustainable future.”in 000€ FY2024 FY2023 % change Revenues 95 856 83 620 14 6% Total operating income 97 234 85 163 14 2% EBITDA1 12 147 11 171 8 7% Depreciation & amortization -7 249 -6 482 11 8% EBIT 4 898 4 689 4 5% Financial result -2 002 -1 154 73 4% Profit before tax 2 896 3 534 -18 1% Net profit 1 924 2 548 -24 5% Total result 1 899 2 526 -24 8% Earnings per share for the shareholders 0 18 0 24 -24 8% Total equity 27 715 25 831 7 3% Net Financial debt 25 868 16 226 59 4% Balance sheet total 98.216 86.288 13 8% 1 EBITDA = operating result before depreciation and amortisationBusiness EvolutionStrong revenue increase of 14.6% or 12.3 million euro  driven by both organic growth and acquisitionsIn 2024  ABO-Group acquired 7 entities contributing 3.9 million euro (4.7%) to revenue in 2024. Together with the full-year effect of the 2023 acquisitions (+4.6 million euro)  these acquisitions represent revenue growth of 10%. The Group’s existing entities achieved growth of 3.7 million euro  or 4.4%.Considering the full year impact of the 2024 acquisitions  the turnover increases further to over 100 million euro.Turnover per activityActivity - in €000 FY2024 FY2023 Geotechnical 43 904 42 943 % total 45 8% 51 4% Environment 45 181 37 734 % total 47 1% 45 1% Other 6 772 2 943 % total 7 1% 3 5% Total 95 856 83 620The geotechnical division recorded a revenue of 43.9 million euro  representing 45.8% of ABO-Group’s total revenue. This equals a 2.2% revenue growth compared to 2023 (42.9 million euro). Belgium and the Netherlands both recorded a 22% growth  compensating for a decline of 5% in France  due to project delays and unforeseen machinery maintenance  putting pressure on the margins.The main acquisitions in both 2023 and 2024 were within environmental activities  and resulted in an increase of 19.7%  growing from 37.7 million euro in 2023 to 45.2 million euro.Monitoring and infrastructure services  reported as “Other activities” contributed 6.8 million euro to revenue in 2024 compared to 2.9 million euro in 2023  an increase of 130.1%. This growth primarily results from the full-year effect of acquisitions made in 2023 (+1.4 million euro) and the 2024 acquisition (+1.2 million euro).Turnover per GeographyGeografical - in €000 FY2024 FY2023 Belgium 33 579 27 206 % total 35 0% 32 5% Netherlands 17 048 12 279 % total 17 8% 14 7% France 45 230 44 136 % total 47 2% 52 8% Total 95 856 83 620The Belgian activities grew by 6.4 million euro to 33.6 million euro. Acquisitions in 2024  together with the full-year effect of acquisitions from 2023  represent an increase of 4.8 million euro. Existing Belgian operations realized strong growth in the geotechnical market but also experienced reduced demand for asbestos-related laboratory services.Dutch operations also experienced substantial growth  from 12.3 million euro to 17.0 million euro  representing an impressive increase of 38.8%. The year 2024 was primarily characterized by larger multidisciplinary projects around smart urban cities development  such as those in Lelystad and Almere.The previously unconsolidated part of SEGED and the contribution of the newly acquired Eau & Perspectives resulted in revenue growth of 2.0 million euro in France  partially offset by 0.9 million euro due to the aforementioned delays in mining activities and decreased demand for monitoring services. Consequently  French revenue amounted to 45.2 million euro in 2024. Due to the strong growth of the Dutch and Belgian divisions  the contribution of French activities decreased from 52.8% to 47.2% of total group revenue.Margin and net results evolutionAs mentioned in our ‘half year 2024’ press release  we noticed a delay at Geosonic in France and decline in demand at DynaOpt temporary impacting our EBITDA margin  which equaled 11.7% as at 30 June 2024. In the second half  the EBITDA margin is restored to the level of 2023  being to 13.2%  resulting in an overall full-year EBITDA of 12.5% or 12.1 million euro.Depreciation and provisions increased slightly from 6.5 million euro last year to 7.2 million euro. As a result  EBIT (operating profit) increased by 4.5%  rising from 4.7 million euro to 4.9 million euro.Mainly due to M&A financing activities  ABO-Group’s financial loss increased from 1.2 million euro to 2 million euro.Net profit decreased from 2.5 million euro (0.24 euro per share) in 2023 to 1.9 million euro (0.18 euro per share) in 2024.Highlights of balance sheet and cash flowABO-Group achieves a solid operating cash flow for 2024 of 7.7 million euro in line with 2023. Investment cash outflow for 2024 is 7.9 million euro  also in line with 2023. The largest components are the realized acquisitions with a net cash-out flow of 2.7 million euro and investments in property  plant and equipment of 4.7 million euro.Net financial debt increases from 16.2 million euro at the end of 2023 to 25.9 million euro at the end of 2024 mainly due to an increase in leasing debt by 4 million euro and M&A debt by 2.3 million euro. Leverage3 thus increases to 2.1 (1.5 at the end of 2023) and remains healthy.The balance sheet total at the end of 2024 is 98.2 million euro  up 13.8% compared to year-end 2023. On the asset side  this is mainly due to the increase in intangible and tangible assets  contract assets and other short-term receivables driven by the acquisitions. The cash position remains quasi flat with 2023. On the liabilities side  the increase mainly results from the 7.9 million euro increase in financial debt. The equity ratio equals 28.2% (versus 29.9% at the end of last year).The full consolidated income statement and balance sheet  statement of changes in equity  and consolidated cash flow statement are included below.OutlookFirst acquisition of 2025 completed  turnover outlook ranges between 105 and 110 million euroWe are pleased to announce our first acquisition of 2025: Délo Boringen  a niche player  which will further expand our environmental division with high-quality sampling activities in Belgium. In addition  2025 will focus on strengthening our internal organization to support further growth. This includes integrating legal entities according to our three revenue pillars – Geotechnics  Environment  and Other – as each requires distinct management approaches.As a result of the current geopolitical situation  the group’s orderbook has recently expanded significantly  with over 15 million euro in geotechnics and environment contracts for the Ministries of Defence in some of our home markets. Furthermore  the mining activity in Europe is gaining a new breath supported by the European Critical Raw Materials Act. Alongside this and with the resumption of several large contracts  ABO-Group anticipates a further recovery of French geotechnical and mining activities  hereby improving its operating margins (amongst others  Geo+ Environnement  mining engineering and Geosonic France  drilling).Through an active acquisition policy  the above-mentioned recovery and growth in geotechnics and important assignments in geotechnics and environment for Ministries of Defence  ABO-Group is confident that a turnover in the range of 105 million euro – 110 million euro will be achieved in 2025.Auditor's statementThe auditor  Forvis Mazars Bedrijfsrevisoren BV  represented by Anton Nuttens and Jurgen Ostyn  confirmed that their audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any significant adjustments to the consolidated income statement  consolidated comprehensive income  consolidated balance sheet  consolidated statement of changes in equity  and consolidated cash flow statement included in this press release. The auditor also confirmed that the financial information reported in this press release is  in all material respects  consistent with the accounts from which it was derived.Financial calendar28/04/2025: Publication of annual report 2023 and notice of Annual General Meeting28/05/2025: Annual General Meeting18/09/2025: Publication of half-year results 2025About ABO-Group EnvironmentFounded in 1995 as a consultancy for soil research  ABO-Group has grown into an international engineering firm specializing in all aspects of environment and soil: quality  reuse and remediation  geotechnics and monitoring  ecology  and cultural heritage.ABO-Group operates through its semi-independent subsidiaries in Belgium  France  and the Netherlands. With more than 800 experts  the group offers the technology  expertise  and scale to deliver comprehensive solutions for the most challenging projects. Its clients span industries such as construction  infrastructure  mining and raw materials  energy  and water  covering every stage from assessment and design to execution and maintenance.ABO-Group Environment is listed on EURONEXT Brussels and EURONEXT Paris.For a more detailed description of ABO-Group Environment’s activities  visit www.abo-group.eu.For more informationFrank De PalmenaerCEO ABO-Group Environment nvfrank.depalmenaer@abo-group.euT: +32 (0)496 59 88 88This press release is available on our website. *-DisclaimerThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. ABO-Group is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release in light of new information  future events or otherwise. ABO-Group disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by ABO-Group.1 Reported under the category 'other'2 EBITDA defined as operating profit before depreciation  amortization  impairments and provisions3 Leverage = “Net Financial debt/EBITDA”. Net Financial Debt = Long term financial debt + short term financial debt – cash and cash equivalentsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.0,True,English,"['ABO-Group Environment Annual Results', 'European Critical Raw Materials Act', 'FY2024 FY2023 % change Revenues', 'Délo Boringen', 'important recent assignments', 'Frank De Palmenaer', 'amortisation Business Evolution', 'unforeseen machinery maintenance', 'full year impact', 'environmental drilling company', 'solid balance sheet', 'soil management strategies', 'Total operating income', 'Net Financial debt', 'full year effect', '100-million-euro turnover mark', 'organic double-digit growth', 'Strong revenue increase', 'Targeted niche acquisitions', 'strong revenue growth', 'debt ratio', 'niche players', 'soil investigation', 'Financial result', 'operating result', 'Management report', 'risk management', 'Environmental division', 'environmental research', 'Total result', 'Total equity', 'environmental activities', 'organic growth', 'total revenue', 'Second half-year', 'Press release', 'regulated information', 'four years', 'solvency ratio', 'existing areas', 'Mining Industry', 'new momentum', 'home markets', 'key role', 'sustainable water', 'strategic autonomy', 'sustainable future', 'Net profit', 'full-year effect', 'project delays', 'Other activities', 'revenue target', 'growth pillars', '2.2% revenue growth', 'forecast Highlights', 'The CEO', 'knowledge development', 'increasing challenges', 'The Group', 'existing entities', 'geotechnical division', 'infrastructure services', '2.3 million euro', '15 million euro', '6 million euro', '100 million euro', '45.2 million euro', 'activity Activity', '2.1x EBITDA', 'acquisition policy', 'main acquisitions', 'monitoring techniques', 'PFAS expertise', 'ABO-Group Environment', '22% growth', '7 entities', '95.9 million', '11.2 million', '12.1 million', '110 million', '3.7 million', '43.9 million', '37.7 million', '2024 acquisitions', '2023 acquisitions', 'Results', 'Ghent', '27 March', 'Belgium', 'Netherlands', 'France', 'Geotechnics', 'increases', 'further', 'Outlook', 'combination', 'context', 'Schoten', 'Ecology', 'Ministries', 'Defence', 'perspective', 'focus', 'specialization', 'innovation', 'synergies', 'one-stop-shop', 'world', 'terms', 'climate', 'geopolitics', 'ambition', 'progress', 'dedication', 'employees', 'trust', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'EBITDA1', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'tax', 'Earnings', 'decline', 'pressure', 'margins', '105']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49732,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050831/0/en/Flow-Traders-1Q-2025-Pre-Close-Call-Script.html,Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Pre-Close Call Script,Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Pre-Close Call Script  Eric Pan - Head of Investor Relations  Flow Traders  Welcome to the Flow Traders 1Q 2025 pre-close call ...,Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Pre-Close Call ScriptEric Pan - Head of Investor Relations  Flow TradersWelcome to the Flow Traders 1Q 2025 pre-close call  which is being conducted post the European market close on 27 March. During this call I will highlight relevant publicly available data and industry trends in our markets as well as previously published data by Flow Traders and relate these data points to their impact on our business for the quarter. We will publish our 1Q 2025 Trading Update on 24 April at 07:30 CEST.Market EnvironmentIn general  the market trading volumes in Equity improved in the quarter  both when compared to the same period a year ago as well as compared to last quarter. Equity volatility was mixed  however  depending on the comparison period and region. Within Fixed Income  volume trends were mixed depending on the segment while volatility declined both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. In Digital Assets  trading volumes increased compared to the same period a year ago but decreased compared to last quarter as fund flows into digital asset ETFs were lower than last year  which was expected given the spot Bitcoin ETF launches in January of 2024.Diving deeper into each of the asset classes and regions:EquityIn Equity  European exchange operators Euronext  Deutsche Börse and the London Stock Exchange saw double-digit improvements in trading volumes both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. In the Americas  volumes on both the Nasdaq and NYSE also increased by double-digits year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter  for the most part. APAC saw mixed trading in the quarter as volumes across the Hong Kong and Shanghai Stock Exchange increased significantly year-on-year  but to a lesser extent quarter-on-quarter  while the Tokyo Stock Exchange saw volumes declined both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.Volatility  as exemplified by the VSTOXX in Europe  VIX in the Americas  VHSI in Hong Kong  and JNIV in Japan  declined for the most part across the different regions. The VSTOXX declined by double-digits year-on-year and was flat quarter-on-quarter. The VIX also declined by double-digits year-on-year but was up slightly quarter-on-quarter. VHSI was flat year-on-year and declined slightly quarter-on-quarter  while JNIV increased year-on-year but declined quarter-on-quarter.FICCIn Fixed Income  the market trading environment in the quarter continue to be mixed as trading volumes improved in some segments but declined in others  either on a year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter basis. Fixed income volatility  as indicated by the MOVE index  declined by double-digits both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.Within Digital Assets  trading volumes in Bitcoin  the barometer of the industry  increased year-on-year but decreased quarter-on-quarter. Fund flows into digital asset ETFs were down meaningfully when compared to the spot Bitcoin ETF launches in the U.S. during the same period last year.ETP Market VolumesAs per Flow Traders’ previously published monthly ETP Market Statistics  quarter-to-date  On and Off Exchange Value Traded was up 39% year-on-year in EMEA  up 1% in the Americas  up 67% in APAC  and up 11% globally. Average volatility  as indicated by the VIX  was up 22% quarter-to-date compared to the same period a year ago.Impact on Flow TradersComing to Flow Traders’ quarterly performance  the improvement in trading volumes in the period within Equity positively contributed to NTI when compared to the same period a year ago  offset by the expected lower contribution from Digital Assets given the unprecedented spot Bitcoin ETF launches in the U.S. last year. From a regional perspective  EMEA and APAC improved compared to the same period a year ago  positively impacted by the market outperformance in these regions as a result of the current geopolitical climate  offset by the market underperformance in the Americas. On the cost front  Fixed Operating Expenses in the quarter were in-line with our previous guidance.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading European equity ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX globally. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With over two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis publication is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this publication does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this publication are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This publication is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any statements contained in this publication to reflect any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based. Unless the source is otherwise stated  the market  economic and industry data in this publication constitute the estimates of our management  using underlying data from independent third parties. We have obtained market data and certain industry forecasts used in this publication from internal surveys  reports and studies  where appropriate  as well as market research  publicly available information and industry publications. The third party sources we have used generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed and that the projections they contain are based on a number of assumptions.By accepting this publication you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this publication.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.34,0.35,True,English,"['Flow Traders 1Q', 'Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Pre-Close Call Script', 'unprecedented spot Bitcoin ETF launches', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'leading global ETP market marker', 'monthly ETP Market Statistics', 'Flow Traders’ quarterly performance', '1Q 2025 Trading Update', 'leading trading firm', 'Deutsche Börse', 'current geopolitical climate', 'strategic investment unit', 'Flow Traders’ role', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'ETP Market Volumes', 'European exchange operators', 'multiple asset classes', 'digital asset ETFs', 'publicly available data', 'European equity ETPs', 'market trading volumes', 'Fixed income volatility', 'European market', 'Market Environment', 'market outperformance', 'market underperformance', 'market circumstances', 'market innovation', 'Digital Assets', 'mixed trading', 'trading environment', 'trading activities', 'Eric Pan', 'data points', 'volume trends', 'fund flows', 'double-digit improvements', 'most part', 'Hong Kong', 'lesser extent', 'MOVE index', 'U.S.', 'lower contribution', 'regional perspective', 'cost front', 'Operating Expenses', 'previous guidance', 'Laura Peijs', 'major exchanges', 'financial instruments', 'orderly manner', 'greater transparency', 'financial ecosystem', 'two decades', 'same period', 'comparison period', 'Average volatility', 'industry trends', 'The VSTOXX', 'different regions', 'The VIX', 'financial markets', 'Equity volatility', 'last quarter', 'quarter basis', 'last year', 'Investor Relations', 'Head', '27 March', 'impact', 'business', '24 April', '07:30 CEST', 'segment', 'January', 'Euronext', 'Americas', 'Nasdaq', 'NYSE', 'double-digits', 'APAC', 'VHSI', 'JNIV', 'Japan', 'FICC', 'others', 'barometer', 'EMEA', 'NTI', 'result', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'flowtraders', 'Media', 'liquidity', 'expertise', 'commodities', 'FX', 'availability', 'addition', 'mission', 'efficiency', 'experience']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49733,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050269/0/en/Aegon-publishes-its-Integrated-Annual-Report-2024.html,Aegon publishes its Integrated Annual Report 2024,The Hague  March 27  2025 - Aegon Ltd. today publishes its Integrated Annual Report 2024. The report provides an overview of its businesses  the company’s strategy and sustainability approach  and its financial and non-financial performance. The report also r…,"The Hague  March 27  2025 - Aegon Ltd. today publishes its Integrated Annual Report 2024. The report provides an overview of its businesses  the company’s strategy and sustainability approach  and its financial and non-financial performance. The report also reflects on the key trends that influence Aegon's businesses and its stakeholders  and how these trends impact the way in which the company creates and shares value  today and in the future.You can find out more about the topics covered in the Integrated Annual Report 2024 here and the report can be downloaded via aegon.com. A hard copy of the report  including the audited financial statements  can be ordered free of charge by sending a request to our Investor Relations department.Aegon will also file its Annual Report 2024 on Form 20-F with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Annual Report 2024 on Form 20-F will be available later today on aegon.com and can be downloaded from the SEC website once filed.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Richard Mackillican Yves Cormier +31(0) 62 741 1546 +31(0) 70 344 8028 richard.mackillican@aegon.com yves.cormier@aegon.comAbout AegonAegon is an international financial services holding company. Aegon’s ambition is to build leading businesses that offer their customers investment  protection  and retirement solutions. Aegon’s portfolio of businesses includes fully owned businesses in the United States and United Kingdom  and a global asset manager. Aegon also creates value by combining its international expertise with strong local partners via insurance joint-ventures in Spain & Portugal  China  and Brazil  and via asset management partnerships in France and China. In addition  Aegon owns a Bermuda-based life insurer and generates value via a strategic shareholding in a market leading Dutch insurance and pensions company.Aegon’s purpose of helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  Aegon seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  domiciled in Bermuda  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Financial risks - Rapidly rising interest rates; Sustained low or negative interest rate levels; Disruptions in the global financial markets and general economic conditions; Elevated levels of inflation; Illiquidity of certain investment assets; Credit risk  declines in value and defaults in Aegon’s debt securities  private placements  mortgage loan portfolios and other instruments or the failure of certain counterparties; Decline in equity markets; Downturn in the real estate market; Default of a major financial market participant; Failure by reinsurers to which Aegon has ceded risk; Downgrade in Aegon’s credit ratings; Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; Unsuccessful management of derivatives; Subjective valuation of Aegon’s investments  allowances and impairments;Underwriting risks - Differences between actual claims experience/underwriting and reserve assumptions; Losses on products with guarantees due to volatile markets; Restrictions on underwriting criteria and the use of data; Unexpected return on offered financial and insurance products; Reinsurance may not be available  affordable  or adequate; Catastrophic events;Operational risks - Competitive factors; Difficulty in acquiring and integrating new businesses or divesting existing operations; Difficulties in distributing and marketing products through its current and future distribution channels; Slow to adapt to and leverage new technologies; Failure of data management and governance; Epidemics or pandemics; Unsuccessful in managing exposure to climate risk; Unidentified or unanticipated risk events; Aegon’s information technology systems may not be resilient against constantly evolving threats; Computer system failure or security breach; Breach of data privacy or security obligations; Inaccuracies in econometric  financial  or actuarial models  or differing interpretations of underlying methodologies; Inaccurate  incomplete or unsuccessful quantitative models  algorithms or calculations; Issues with third-party providers  including events such as bankruptcy  disruption of services  poor performance  non-performance  or standards of service level agreements not being upheld; Inability to attract and retain personnel;Political  regulatory  and supervisory risks - Requirement to increase technical provisions and/or hold higher amounts of regulatory capital as a result of changes in the regulatory environment or changes in rating agency analysis; Political or other instability in a country or geographic region; Changes in accounting standards; Inability of Aegon’s subsidiaries to pay dividends to Aegon Ltd.; Risks of application of intervention measures;Legal and compliance risks - Unfavorable outcomes of legal and arbitration proceedings and regulatory investigations and actions; Changes in government regulations in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates; Increased attention to sustainability matters and evolving sustainability standards and requirements; Tax risks; Difficulty to effect service of process or to enforce judgments against Aegon in the United States; Inability to manage risks associated with the reform and replacement of benchmark rates; Inability to protect intellectual property;Risks relating to Aegon's common shares - Volatility of Aegon’s share price; Offering of additional common shares in the future; Significant influence of Vereniging Aegon over Aegon’s corporate actions; Currency fluctuations; Influence of Perpetual Contingent Convertible Securities over the market price for Aegon’s common shares.Additionally  Aegon provides some information in this report that is informed by various stakeholder expectations  non-US regulatory requirements  and third-party frameworks. Such information  whether provided here or in Aegon's other disclosures (including website materials)  is not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes.Even in instances where we use ""material""  this should not in all instances be deemed to refer to materiality for purposes of our U.S. federal securities filings  as there are various definitions of materiality used by different stakeholders  including but not limited to a more expansive ""double materiality"" standard pursuant to the European Sustainability Reporting Standards that has informed much of our sustainability disclosure. Similarly  while we leverage various frameworks in our disclosures  we cannot guarantee  and language such as ""align"" or ""follow"" is not meant to imply  complete alignment with these requirements.We similarly cannot guarantee complete alignment with any stakeholder's interpretation or preference for the measurement or presentation of sustainability or other information in this report. Expectations  as well as our own approach  continue to evolve and may change for a variety of reasons  including regulatory or business requirements or other factors that may not be in our control. Similarly  certain disclosures are based on hypothetical scenarios which may not be reflective of expectations or future events; such scenarios are subject to inherent uncertainty given the long-time frames and breadth of variables involved. As a final note  documents and website references included herein are provided solely for convenience and are not incorporated by reference absent express language to the contrary.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the 2023 Integrated Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Integrated Annual Report', 'Aegon', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Investor relations Richard Mackillican Yves Cormier', 'international financial services holding company', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'major financial market participant', 'negative interest rate levels', 'market leading Dutch insurance', 'Investor Relations department', 'leading global investor', 'real estate market', 'global asset manager', 'strong local partners', 'Bermuda-based life insurer', 'mortgage loan portfolios', 'United States Securities', 'asset management partnerships', 'currency exchange rates', 'actual claims experience', 'general economic conditions', 'global financial markets', 'Integrated Annual Report', 'The Annual Report', 'private placements', 'Media relations', 'debt securities', 'international expertise', 'interest rates', 'Exchange Commission', 'Elevated levels', 'insurance joint-ventures', 'Actual results', 'Unsuccessful management', 'financial performance', 'financial prospects', 'The Hague', 'United Kingdom', 'equity markets', 'volatile markets', 'leading businesses', 'pensions company', 'insurance products', 'Financial risks', 'financial statements', 'hard copy', 'retirement solutions', 'strategic shareholding', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'social targets', 'other events', 'undue reliance', 'other instruments', 'credit ratings', 'Subjective valuation', 'Unexpected return', 'Catastrophic events', 'Competitive factors', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'Operational risks', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future performance', 'underwriting criteria', 'company expectations', 'sustainability approach', 'SEC website', 'critical environmental', 'More information', 'investment assets', 'Credit risk', 'reserve assumptions', 'Underwriting risks', 'key trends', 'Aegon Ltd.', 'aegon.com', 'March', 'overview', 'strategy', 'stakeholders', 'way', 'value', 'topics', 'charge', 'request', 'Contacts', 'ambition', 'customers', 'protection', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'China', 'Brazil', 'France', 'addition', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'focus', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Netherlands', 'document', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'uncertainties', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'changes', 'low', 'Disruptions', 'inflation', 'Illiquidity', 'defaults', 'failure', 'counterparties', 'Decline', 'Downturn', 'reinsurers', 'Downgrade', 'Fluctuations', 'derivatives', 'investments', 'impairments', 'Differences', 'Losses', 'Restrictions', 'use', 'data', 'Reinsurance', 'Difficulty', 'acqu']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49734,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050264/0/en/CROSSJECT-reports-financial-results-for-2024.html,CROSSJECT reports financial results for 2024,Press Release  CROSSJECT reports financial results for 2024  Continued satisfactory production of regulatory batches with a view to filing in Q2......,Press ReleaseCROSSJECT reports financial results for 2024Continued satisfactory production of regulatory batches with a view to filing in Q2 2025.Recruitment of Tony Tipton as Chief Operating Officer USA.Visibility gained on pipeline programs developed in collaboration with Eton Pharmaceuticals  Inc (Eton).Cash position increasing significantly to 7 million euros as of December 31  2024.Dijon  France  March 27  2025 (07.30 CET) – CROSSJECT (ISIN : FR0011716265 ; Euronext : ALCJ) a specialty pharmaceutical company in late-stage development and registration of ZEPIZURE®  its emergency solution for the management of epileptic seizures  announces progress in its clinical and regulatory development activities and commercial strategy in the United States  and publishes its financial results for the year ending December 31  2024.Patrick ALEXANDRE  Chairman of the Executive Board of CROSSJECT  announces:We continue to make progress towards the major inflection points that will transform CROSSJECT in 2025 and are likely to generate substantial shareholder value in the years to come.The execution of our contract with the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response / BARDA for $92 million  which could rise to $155 million if all its options are exercised  has continued as planned and is accelerating in line with the increase in expenses linked to the development of ZEPIZURE®. In 2024  we recorded research and development costs re-invoicing of 8.2 million euros  compared with 6.2 million euros in 2023. This contract with BARDA  registered under number 75A50122C00031  includes up to $32 million to advance the development of ZEPIZURE® through to Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the management of status epilepticus in adults and children over 2 years of age in the United States. It also provides for the supply to the US Government of $60 million worth of ZEPIZURE®  following FDA approval under the Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) procedure. This milestone is the focus of our activities today.Our recent exchanges with the FDA have clarified the requirements for our ZEPIZURE® product in the treatment of epileptic seizures resulting from poisoning by a neurotoxicant or insecticide under this emergency procedure (EUA)  and we estimate that a response from the FDA might be obtained in 2025.In terms of industrial production  we have achieved major successes in 2024 and in 2025  and we continue to work with our Contract Development Manufacturing Organisation (CDMO) to finalize the dossier that BARDA will submit to the FDA.Our supply-chain organization  which today includes Eurofins Scientific as an injectables specialty manufacturer  has confirmed its performance and achieved stability for its regulatory ZEPIZURE® batch produced in July 2024. The manufacture of additional validation batches  including aseptic filling operations at Eurofins Scientific  is currently underway and is proceeding successfully. These core production steps support the previously announced timetable for BARDA's submission to the FDA under the EUA procedure.At the same time  CROSSJECT expects to file a New Drug Application (NDA) with the FDA in the by mid-2026 for the commercialization of ZEPIZURE® in the United States for the treatment of status epilepticus. We are focused on the final stages of development  with the preparation of a bioequivalence study that will form an integral part of the New Drug Application (NDA). This study will mimic our previous bioequivalence study  published on November 02  2022  yet using a US-registered reference product as comparator  and will be at the same dose of 10mg. It will also include an arm with a 5mg dose to enable ZEPIZURE®  from launch  to compare directly with the intranasal competition  while progressing towards subsequent pediatric approval.As previously stated  CROSSJECT intends to retain the commercial rights to ZEPIZURE® in the United States. In this context  we have strengthened our US team with Tony Tipton  US Chief Operating Officer  a specialty pharmaceutical professional with the experience  including with BARDA  and leadership necessary for the success of ZEPIZURE®.The funds obtained from BARDA from their commercial orders  subject to EUA  will timely help finance ZEPIZURE®'s development towards its NDA in status epilepticus  beyond its EUA  and in broader epilepsy indications. BARDA's commercial orders will also support the commercial roll-out of ZEPIZURE®.Based on historical data  we believe that the ZENEO® platform will continue to demonstrate its ability to reproduce the intramuscular injections of traditional injectables with a high level of precision and low variability. These characteristics of ZENEO  now firmly established  will be essential not only to limit the risks associated with development and the regulatory environment  but also to promote market acceptance in the face of traditional injectable products and other delivery methods  particularly intranasal. The latter products have more variable transmucosal pharmacokinetics  which adds to the practical difficulties of precise administration during seizures.Beyond ZEPIZURE®  our next two main R&D programs  ZENEO® Hydrocortisone and ZENEO® Adrenaline  are also progressing towards filing for registration from H2 2026 onward in the US or Europe.In July 2024  we were awarded a €6.9 million BPI grant as part of the France 2030 plan  which will contribute to the development of ZENEO® Adrenaline.Furthermore  in March 2025  we announced progress in the development of ZENEO® Hydrocortisone by our US partner Eton Pharmaceuticals  Inc (Eton). CROSSJECT has strengthened its collaboration with Eton by making its innovative hydrocortisone formulation (the “CROSSJECT formulation”) available to address the hospital market for adrenal insufficiency. CROSSJECT will receive a royalty of around 10% on Eton's net sales. Eton has confirmed its commitment to finalizing the development and manufacturing stages of its adrenal insufficiency product range  including such CROSSJECT formulation  referred to as ET-800  and the unique ZENEO® Hydrocortisone crisis management product  with the aim of capturing a significant share of a total market opportunity of over $200 million in the United States alone. FDA filings are expected from H2 2026 onward.All these positive elements have been opportunities to strengthen our balance-sheet  which we recently consolidated with a financing with Heights Capital Management (HCM) of 12 million euros in February 2024  with a first tranche of 7 millions euros raised at closing  and amended on the occasion of our private placement in December 2024 of over 7 million euros  in which HCM and Gemmes Venture participated  as described below. These transactions with renowned institutional investors  including US investors  were complemented by a capital increase of 8 million euros in June 2024  which was fully covered by the subscriptions of our existing investors.In coordination with the progress of ZEPIZURE® towards its market authorizations and the progress of our other two R&D programs  we continue to actively explore the best ways of financing our rapidly expanding global activities.Philippe Monnot  one of the Founders and Chairman and CEO of Gemmes Venture  our reference shareholder  has confirmed his support  in addition to Gemmes Venture's unwavering participation in the June and December 2024 financings:“The Company's clinical data and recent developments in CROSSJECT's supply chain and constructive exchanges with the FDA have continued to reinforce our confidence in the imminence of the introduction of a major treatment for epileptic seizures  a poorly controlled disease that continues to generate significant clinical needs. What's more  CROSSJECT has delivered several successes with other product candidates in its pipeline  which are exciting preludes to future developments and market launches of other revolutionary injectable products. We reiterate our support for the company and its management.”Thank you  dear shareholders  for your loyal attention  and for your continued support of our efforts. Together  we can improve patients' lives and create value for CROSSJECT.Key financial information at December 31  2024 (unaudited)In 2024  we continued to finance the development of ZEPIZURE® and other pipeline products  as well as our infrastructure  from several sources:BARDA invoicing: 8.2 million euros were invoiced as reimbursement of R&D costs incurred in 2024  compared with 6.2 million euros in 2023.Research tax credit: 2.8 million recognized in 2024  stable compared with 2023.In February 2024  the company issued a convertible and/or redeemable bond in two tranches to Heights Capital Management (HCM)  an institutional investor specializing in growth companies  for a maximum amount of 12 million euros at that date. The first tranche of 7 million euros was received at closing  or 6.3 million euros net. The second tranche of this bond was cancelled and replaced by a new agreement in December 2024 concomitant with the private placement  described below  in which Heights participated  and an issue of a reduced tranche of Convertible Bonds of 2.5 million euros in February 2025 following our Extraordinary General Meeting on January 31  2025.In June 2024  the company raised around 7.6 million euros net through a capital increase without pre-emptive rights to support the development of ZEPIZURE®.In July 2024  the French government awarded CROSSJECT 6.9 million euros as part of a call for projects under the France 2030 plan  aimed at supporting companies with high growth and innovation potential. An advance payment of 1.7 million euros was made in 2024  with the remainder expected in 2025 and 2026.In August 2024  CROSSJECT also finalized the work related to the “Stimulus Plan” grant and collected the balance of 0.6 million euros in September.In December 2024  the company carried out a private placement with mainly US institutional investors  joined by HCM and Gemmes Venture  accompanied by a warrant issue for a total net amount of 6.6 million euros. In parallel with the transaction  the Company has agreed with HCM to amend the terms and conditions of the existing convertible bonds in February 2024. The amendments  as detailed below  mainly provide for (i) the issue of a second tranche of around 2.5 million euros  which would no longer be subject to the FDA's Emergency Use Authorization for ZEPIZURE® and (ii) an extension of the maturity date of the convertible bonds to December 28  2027.The table below summarizes our income statement for the years ended December 31  2024 and 2023:€ thousands  as of 31 December 2024 2023 Operating income 13 256 13 326 Operating expenses -26 219 -25 125 Purchase of raw material and supplies -1 624 -1 595 Other purchases and external expenses -10 439 -8 869 Personal expenses -7 797 -7 714 Taxes and duties -280 -267 Depreciation  amortisation and provision -5 671 -6 186 Other expenses -408 -494 Operating profit/loss -12 962 -11 800 Financial income/expense -1 429 -497 Exceptional income/expense -1 230 791 Corporate tax 2 826 2 867 Net profit/loss -12 795 -8 639*2024 accounts unaudited.In 2024  we continued to strengthen our research and development activities as well as our general operations. As a result  we recorded operating income of 13.3 million euros  stable compared to 2024 but including a marked increase of 2 million euros in BARDA income.Operating expenses increased by 4% in 2024 compared to 2023.In addition  other purchases and external expenses amounted to €10.4 million  compared with €8.9 million in 2023  while the company has maintained the pace of its production work and third-party purchases as part of ZEPIZURE® regulatory development and activities related to other key programs in our pipeline. We have also incurred additional expenses in connection with fees related to financing transactions.As of December 31  2024  CROSSJECT had 106 employees in France and 2 in the US  a decrease of 5% compared to 2023. Personnel expenses amounted to 7.8 million euros in 2024  compared with 7.7 million euros in 2023  an increase of 1%.We recorded an operating loss of 13.0 million euros  compared to 11.8 million euros in 2023.We recorded a net financial result of -1.4 million euros in 2024  compared to -0.5 million euros in 2023. The increase is mainly due to interest expenses on the HCM convertible bond for an amount of €0.6 million. and to a depreciation of the securities under self-control and liquidity contracts of €0.4M.After taking into account the exceptional result of -1.2 million euros and a tax credit of 2.8 million euros  net profit for 2024 is -12.8 million euros compared to -8.6 million euros in 2023.Cash positionAt 31 December 2024  CROSSJECT had cash of approximately €7 million compared to €2 million in 2023.Since the beginning of 2025  we have continued to make financing our priority.Based on its financial resources as at March 31  2025 and historical relationships with its lenders and creditors [as well as with its investors  the company is confident in its ability to finance its business plan until the date when BARDA’s first commercial orders will start.As the outlook for ZEPIZURE® improves and as CROSSJECT devotes resources to research and development of its other candidate products  ZENEO® Hydrocortisone and ZENEO® Adrenaline  the company will continue to actively explore the best ways to finance its activities through equity  debt  public funding and other types of financing throughout 2025.Important steps in 2024Non-dilutive funding related to ZENEO® AdrenalineIn July 2024  the French Government granted 6.9 million euros to CROSSJECT as part of projects under the France 2030 plan  aimed at supporting companies with high growth and innovation potential. An advance of €1.7 million was paid in 2024.Funding with Heights Capital ManagementIn February 2024  the company issued a convertible and/or repayable bond in two tranches to Heights Capital Management (HCM)  an institutional investor specialized in growing companies  for a maximum amount of 12 million euros in two tranches  on that date. CROSSJECT then raised the first tranche of 7 million euros and received 6.3 million euros net. The second tranche of this bond was cancelled and replaced by a new agreement in December 2024  concurrent with the private placement  in which Heights participated and an issue of a reduced tranche of 2 5 million euros in February 2025 following our Extraordinary General Meeting of 31 January 2025  as described below.Other dilutive financingIn June 2024  CROSSJECT announces the success of its capital increase with maintenance of the preferential subscription right for a gross amount of approximately 8 million euros  as announced on April 30  2024  and a net amount of approximately 7.6 million euros. This funding is an important step in the further development and recording of ZEPIZURE® and the establishment of operations in the United States in anticipation of its direct marketing. The subscriptions of CROSSJECT’s shareholders  including Gemmes Venture  allowed for a full coverage of the transaction.In December 2024  as part of its private placement of 7 million euros  or 6.6 million euros net  the Company also amended its agreement with HCM to accelerate the provision of financing  amendments that were approved by the Extraordinary General Assembly of 31 January 2025.According to these amendments  the Company agreed with Heights Capital Management (“HCM”) on a modification of the terms and conditions of the existing convertible bonds issued for the benefit of an entity advised by Heights (the “Investor”) in February 2024. These amendments  as detailed below  included the issuance of a second tranche of approximately €2.5 million  which would no longer be subject to FDA Emergency Use Authorization for ZEPIZURE® and an extension of the maturity of convertible bonds until December 28  2027.Progress in the production of ZEPIZURE® regulatory batches with Eurofins ScientificIn July 2024  CROSSJECT achieved several key milestones in the production and batch stability of ZEPIZURE® products. Indeed  CROSSJECT announced the successful completion of a new regulatory batch of ZEPIZURE® in the qualified facilities of Eurofins Scientific. CROSSJECT also announced a new important milestone that complements the successful results achieved with previous batches in stability studies  continuing the positive manufacturing data generated since 2021.Then  in March 2025  CROSSJECT announced the 6-month ambient temperature stability of its regulatory batch which is adding to 9-month data generated on a previous batch produced by Eurofins Scientific in December 2023. Historically  CROSSJECT also reported several positive audits of production sites  conducted in anticipation of possible inspections that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) could conduct as part of the emergency procedure (EUA).These successes are part of the continuity of the positive audits of the Dijon and Gray CROSSJECT production sites in 2024  which expanded their scope of certification by the National Agency for Drug and Health Product Safety (ANSM) and crystallized the previous positive findings of the BARDA audit.Production batches are a key part of the FDA’s EUA submission for marketing authorization for ZEPIZURE®. This data will also be part of the US market (NDA) marketing authorization application for ZEPIZURE®.Recruitment of Tony Tipton as US Chief Operating OfficerCROSSJECT announced on August 19  2024 the appointment of Tony Tipton  an experienced executive in the field of pharmaceutical specialties  as Director of Operations for the U.S. With more than 25 years of experience in the field of marketing  he brings his expertise in corporate governance and development  market access  commercial service management  marketing and business operations. He joined CROSSJECT after serving as Director of Operations and Commercial Affairs at Xequel Bio  where he was responsible for marketing strategy and pre-sales commercial activities for assets funded by BARDA and the American Institutes of Health (NIH) as well as acquired commercial assets. The appointment of Mr. Tipton will strengthen CROSSJECT’s pre-commercial activities in the US during the preparation of ZEPIZURE® market authorization application.CROSSJECT’s gender equality index reached 93/100 in 2024For the third year in a row  CROSSJECT’s Gender Equality Index is above 90%. The Gender Equality Index is a tool to measure progress on gender equality across the EU. It is rated on a scale of 1 to 100  where 100 means total equality.Post-period eventsIn addition to the positive events related to the production of ZEPIZURE® following the successes of 2024  and the milestones related to the financing announced in December 2024 described above  CROSSJECT delivered other positive news in the first quarter of 2025:Progress in collaboration with license partner Eton Pharmaceuticals  Inc. and initial market opportunity estimatesAs part of the development of ZENEO® Hydrocortisone  CROSSJECT has developed a unique ready-to-use liquid formulation of hydrocortisone. This formulation represents a significant innovation in the US market where formulations such as Pfizer’s Solu-Cortef® are effective solutions but require more than 10 steps for reconstitution and blending. As part of joint efforts to provide new solutions for patients with adrenal insufficiency  Eton will develop and market this CROSSJECT formulation as a superior alternative to current injectable products. CROSSJECT will collect a royalty of close to 10% on net sales by Eton of this product  called ET-800 in the Eton pipeline  and retain the right to market the product outside the United States and Canada. Eton hopes to capture a significant share of this hospital market of approximately $100 million for injectable hydrocortisone products.At the same time  Eton confirmed its commitment to ZENEO® Hydrocortisone as a disruptive solution for patients with adrenal insufficiency in its latest investor presentation dated 18 March 2025. The next stages of development and manufacturing  according to CROSSJECT’s plans  are expected from early 2026. Eton’s preliminary assessment of the market opportunity for ZENEO® Hydrocortisone would exceed $100 million.****About CROSSJECTCROSSJECT SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.CROSSJECT.com ) is an emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform. CROSSJECT is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract* with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). The Company’s versatile ZENEO® platform is designed to enable patients or untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver a broad range of emergency drugs via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include mainly solutions for allergic shocks and adrenal insufficiencies  as well as therapies and other emergency indications.* This project has been supported in whole or in part with federal funds from the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA)  under contract number 75A50122C00031.For further information  please contact:Investor Relationinvestors@crossject.comAPPENDICES – UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSINCOME STATEMENT (in K€) 31/12/2024 31/12/2023 VARIATION Revenue 0 145 -145 Other income BARDA 8 168 6 231 1 937 Subsidies 1 332 133 1 199 Stored production 30 591 -561 Capitalized production 2 783 3 594 -811 Reversals of provisions and transfers of expenses 944 2 631 -1 687 Operating income 13 256 13 326 -70 Purchases of raw materials and other supplies 2 004 1 625 379 Change in inventory (raw materials and other supplies) -381 -29 -352 Other purchases and external expenses 10 439 8 869 1 570 Taxes and duties 280 267 13 Personnel expenses 7 797 7 714 83 Depreciation  amortization 4 847 4 504 343 Other provisions 825 1 682 -857 Other expenses 408 494 -86 Operating expenses 26 219 25 126 1 093 Operating profit/loss -12 962 -11 800 -1 162 Financial income/expense -1 429 -497 -932 Exceptional income/expense -1 230 791 -2 021 Research Tax Credit 2 826 2 867 -41 Net profit/loss -12 795 -8 639 -4 156BALANCE SHEET - ASSETS (in K€) 31/12/2024 31/12/2023 VARIATION FIXED ASSETS R&D 9 591 10 730 -1 139 Patent and Trademarks 0 0 0 Other intangible assets 5 0 5 Property  plant and equipment 2 126 2 750 -624 Assets under construction 2 924 2 942 -18 Financial assets 1 041 1 544 -503 TOTAL FIXED ASSETS 15 687 17 966 -2 279 CURRENT ASSETS Raw materials  other supplies 1 970 1 649 321 Work in process 1 448 1 485 -37 Other receivables 4 295 4 778 -483 Marketable securities 0 0 0 Available cash 7 036 2 304 4 732 Prepaid / deferred expenses 1 131 459 672 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 15 880 10 675 5 205 TOTAL ASSETS 31 567 28 641 2 926BALANCE SHEET - LIABILITIES (in k€) 31/12/2024 31/12/2023 VARIATION CAPITAUX PROPRES Capital 4 554 3 676 878 Share premium 7 192 785 6 407 Regulated reserve 0 0 0 Retained earnings -2 596 -1 757 -839 Profit/loss for the year -12 795 -8 639 -4 156 Investment subsidies 972 665 307 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY -2 673 -5 269 2 596 Conditional advances 5 391 7 060 -1 669 Provision for contingencies and charges 910 694 216 BORROWINGS AND DEBT Bonds 5 478 19 5 459 Loans 12 874 16 171 -3 297 Miscellaneous 2 717 2 732 -15 Debts - Trade payables 4 554 4 324 230 Total tax and social security liabilities 1 700 2 148 -448 Debts on fixed assets 0 82 -82 Deferred income 616 681 -65 TOTAL DEBT 27 939 26 156 1 783 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 31 567 28 641 2 926CASH FLOW STATEMENT (IN K€) 31/12/2024 31/12/2023Net profit / loss - 12 795 - 8 638 Depreciation  amortisation and provision 5 220 3 091 Net Book Value of Assets (NBV) 795 54 Other income and expenses calculated - 28 - 28 Share of subsidy transferred to result- 253 - Cashflow from operations - 7 061 - 5 521 Change in working capital requirements- 896 - 680 (1) Net cash generated by / (used in) operating activities - 7 957 - 6 201 Acquisition of fixed assets - 3 527 - 6 403 Disposal of fixed assets 100 3 767 (2) Net cash generated by / (used in) investing activities - 3 426 - 2 636 Capital increase 878 13 Exercice of warrants - 333 Additional Paid-in Capital (APIC) 14 207Bonds 5 460 - Loans - 8 090 Repayment of borrowings / security deposit - 3 224 - 3 396 Subsidies 560 - Debts on fixed assets - 82 - 1 682 Repayment advances - 1 668 - (3) Net cash generated by / (used in) financing activities 16 130 3 358Change in cash and cash equivalents (1)+(2)+(3) 4 746 - 5 480 Opening Cash position 2 291 7 770 Closing Cash position 7 038 2 291Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['financial results', 'CROSSJECT', '2024', 'US Chief Operating Officer', 'Contract Development Manufacturing Organisation', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'substantial shareholder value', 'aseptic filling operations', 'specialty pharmaceutical professional', 'broader epilepsy indications', 'other delivery methods', 'New Drug Application', 'major inflection points', 'injectables specialty manufacturer', 'additional validation batches', 'US-registered reference product', 'Emergency Use Authorization', 'core production steps', 'subsequent pediatric approval', 'traditional injectable products', 'previous bioequivalence study', 'regulatory ZEPIZURE® batch', 'regulatory development activities', 'regulatory batches', 'traditional injectables', 'US Government', 'US team', 'major successes', 'regulatory environment', 'latter products', 'satisfactory production', 'emergency solution', 'emergency procedure', 'industrial production', 'Drug Administration', 'Press Release', 'financial results', 'Tony Tipton', 'pipeline programs', 'Cash position', 'epileptic seizures', 'commercial strategy', 'United States', 'Patrick ALEXANDRE', 'Executive Board', 'Human Services', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'status epilepticus', 'recent exchanges', 'supply-chain organization', 'Eurofins Scientific', 'same time', 'final stages', 'integral part', 'same dose', '5mg dose', 'intranasal competition', 'commercial rights', 'commercial orders', 'commercial roll-out', 'historical data', 'intramuscular injections', 'high level', 'low variability', 'market acceptance', 'variable transmucos', 'late-stage development', 'development costs', '8.2 million euros', '6.2 million euros', '$60 million worth', 'ZEPIZURE® product', 'FDA) approval', 'FDA approval', 'Eton Pharmaceuticals', 'ZENEO® platform', 'EUA) procedure', 'EUA procedure', '7 million', 'CROSSJECT', 'view', 'Q2', 'Recruitment', 'USA', 'Visibility', 'collaboration', 'Inc', 'December', 'Dijon', 'France', 'March', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'registration', 'management', 'progress', 'clinical', 'year', 'Chairman', 'execution', 'Department', 'Health', 'Response', 'BARDA', 'options', 'expenses', 'research', 'invoicing', 'number', 'Food', 'adults', 'children', 'milestone', 'focus', 'requirements', 'treatment', 'poisoning', 'neurotoxicant', 'insecticide', 'terms', 'CDMO', 'dossier', 'performance', 'stability', 'July', 'timetable', 'submission', 'NDA', 'mid-20', 'commercialization', 'preparation', 'November', 'comparator', '10mg', 'launch', 'context', 'experience', 'leadership', 'funds', 'precision', 'characteristics', 'risks', 'face', '2024']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49735,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/27/3050832/0/en/Fluxys-Belgium-Regulated-information-2024-annual-results.html,Fluxys Belgium - Regulated information: 2024 annual results,Overview of 2024 annual results         Consolidated net profit was EUR 82.1 million (EUR 77.4 million in 2023)      Proposed allocation of profit......,Overview of 2024 annual resultsConsolidated net profit was EUR 82.1 million (EUR 77.4 million in 2023)Proposed allocation of profit submitted to the Annual General Meeting on 13 May 2025: gross dividend of EUR 1.40 per share (2024: EUR 1.40 per share)Belgium remains essential hub for energy supplies in NW EuropeSwitch to high-calorific gas successfully completedGreen Logix: first biomethane plant directly connected to the Fluxys networkFluxys hydrogen appointed operator of hydrogen transmission network in BelgiumPartner in the hydrogen link with Luxembourg  France and GermanyWorking with industry to cut CO2 in BelgiumNorth Sea Integration Model: working together towards net zero emissionsGood results towards our ESG targets91 new colleagues hiredKey financial dataIncome statement (in thousands of EUR) 31/12/2024 31/12/2023 Operating revenue 608 789 592 788 EBITDA* 302 283 285 809 EBIT* 133 931 129 570 Net profit 82 061 77 423 Balance sheet (in thousands of EUR) 31/12/2024 31/12/2023 Investments in property  plant and equipment for the period 92 122 167 654 Total property  plant and equipment 1 804 302 1 873 286 Equity 603 813 613 413 Net financial debt* 159 750 219 404 Total consolidated balance sheet 3 310 096 3 358 616*For definitions and reasons for using these indicators  see the annexConsolidated turnover and net profitFluxys Belgium generated consolidated turnover of EUR 608.8 million in 2024. This represents an increase of EUR 16.0 million compared with 2023  when turnover stood at EUR 592.8 million. This change is in line with the 2024-2027 tariff methodology.The consolidated net profit increased by EUR 77.4 million in 2023 to EUR 82.1 million in 2024  a rise of EUR 4 7 million.Efficiency efforts in line with regulated tariff modelThe 2024-2027 tariff methodology (established by the regulator  CREG) applies the principle that all reasonable costs  including interest and fair compensation  are covered by the regulated income. In addition  there are various incentives to control costs and guide and control aspects of company performance. By strictly controlling its operating costs  combined with significant efforts to improve efficiency  Fluxys Belgium has managed to achieve most regulatory objectives and to book those incentives in a period of major operational challenges.Investments totalling EUR 92.1 millionIn 2024 investments in property  plant and equipment totalled EUR 92.1 million  compared with EUR 167.7 million in 2023. Of this amount  EUR 4.6 million was spent on LNG infrastructure projects  EUR 3.6 million on storage-related projects and EUR 83.9 million on transmission-related projects  including EUR 10.3 million for the Desteldonk-Opwijk pipeline  which is ready to be used to carry hydrogen as soon as the market is ready.Key eventsBelgium remains essential hub for energy supplies in NW EuropeAs in previous years  our teams once again made every effort to supply the Belgian network with natural gas. We also continued to transport large volumes to our neighbouring countries  with Germany as the main destination.Since the start of the conflict in Ukraine  an EU regulation has imposed a requirement that European gas reserves be adequately replenished by 1 November every year. Our storage facility in Loenhout was already completely filled by 1 August  three months before the EU's deadline.With Zeebrugge serving as a crossroads  our Belgian network continues to play its role as an energy hub in North-West Europe.Switch to high-calorific gas successfully completedUntil 2017  about half of Belgian households and SMEs used low-calorific gas from a production field in the Netherlands. With the depletion of that field in sight  the Netherlands decided to gradually reduce the export of low-calorific gas. Since 2018  Fluxys Belgium has been adapting its network to gradually replace the supply of low-calorific gas with high-calorific natural gas from other sources. In 2024  we successfully completed the switch to high-calorific gas. Belgium no longer uses low-calorific gas  but Fluxys Belgium continues to transport it to France until the switch is also completed there.Green Logix: first biomethane plant directly connected to the Fluxys networkOn 23 October 2024  the first volumes of biomethane were injected directly into our transmission system. The molecules are produced by Green Logix Biogas in Lommel. During the initial phase  the plant produces a volume of biomethane equivalent to the consumption of some 7 000 households.Fluxys hydrogen appointed operator of hydrogen transmission network in BelgiumOn 26 April 2024  the Federal Energy Minister appointed Fluxys hydrogen  a subsidiary of Fluxys Belgium  as the operator for the development and operation of the hydrogen network in Belgium.In line with the federal hydrogen strategy  Fluxys hydrogen is responsible for developing a hydrogen pipeline network which will form part of the European Hydrogen Backbone. This will allow the necessary low-carbon energy and feedstock to be transported both for the Belgian market and neighbouring countries at the pace of market development.Partner in the hydrogen link with Luxembourg  France and GermanyWith a view to developing cross-border hydrogen transmission infrastructure  Fluxys hydrogen is stepping up its cooperation with our partners Creos ((Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) and GRTgaz (France) in the HY4Link project.HY4Link is an infrastructure project aiming to connect industrial clusters requiring hydrogen in France  Germany and Luxembourg to import hubs in Antwerp  Zeebrugge  Rotterdam and Dunkirk. This future infrastructure can help accelerate the decarbonisation of industry in North-West Europe. We are also exploring cross-border connections with transmission system operators (TSOs) in Germany (OGE)  the Netherlands (HyNetwork Services) and the United Kingdom (National Gas).Working with industry to cut CO2 in BelgiumCapturing CO2  then transporting it and finally using or storing it (CCUS): for some industrial players  there is no other way to make their operations carbon-neutral. During Princess Astrid's royal mission to Oslo  several stakeholders  including Fluxys  signed a joint declaration to fully commit to CCUS. The declaration calls for work on decarbonisation including through an appropriate regulatory framework.North Sea Integration Model: working together towards net zero emissionsThe energy landscape will change radically in the years to come. How can we design an affordable energy system and ensure that all solutions work together to achieve net zero CO2 emissions? To answer this question  in 2024 we devised the North Sea Integration Model: a computational model that simulates all interactions between electricity  hydrogen  methane and CO2 infrastructures in Belgium and all other countries bordering the North Sea.The model is a tool that  based on future consumption scenarios  shows how the entire chain from production to transport to consumption can be optimised in terms of costs  CO2 emissions and preservation of security of supply.Good results towards our ESG targetsIn 2024  we started measuring our progress towards the Environment  Social  and Governance (ESG) targets we set in 2023  for each of our material ESG topics. With our 2024 ESG results we are on track to achieve our targets.91 new colleagues hiredFluxys is growing! In 2024  no fewer than 91 new colleagues joined our ranks  meaning that 982 employees are working at Fluxys Belgium. 103 colleagues were given the opportunity to take on new responsibilities and other roles; such internal mobility is particularly encouraged at Fluxys.Fluxys Belgium – 2024 results (according to Belgian standards): proposed allocation of profitFluxys Belgium NV's net profit totalled EUR 84.1 million  compared with EUR 79.5 million in 2023.At the Annual General Meeting on 13 May 2025  Fluxys Belgium will propose a gross dividend of EUR 1.40 per share.Taking into account a profit of EUR 101.7 million carried over from the previous financial year and a withdrawal of EUR 24.4 million from the reserves  the Board of Directors will propose to the Annual General Meeting that the profits be allocated as follows:EUR 98.4 million as a dividend payout andEUR 111.8 million as profit to be carried forward.If this profit allocation proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  the total gross dividend for financial year 2024 will be EUR 1.40 per share. This amount will be payable as of 21 May 2025.Outlook for 2025The net result of the Belgian regulated activities will  in accordance with the tariff methodology  mainly be determined on the basis of various regulatory parameters  including invested equity capital  financial structure  interest rates (OLO) and incentives. The result will continue to evolve according to the evolution of these four parameters. Current financial markets do not allow for an accurate projection of the evolution of interest rates and therefore of the yield of regulated activities.In June 2024  the Council of the European Union adopted a 14th sanctions package against Russia. The package bans from 27 March 2025 the transshipment of LNG from Russia for export to countries outside the EU.The Zeebrugge LNG terminal is underpinned by the legal principle of open access. This means that any company interested in the supply of LNG can book capacity at the terminal  and therefore no customer can be discriminated against  by law. As an essential service provider Fluxys ensures that its infrastructure is operational at all times for the overall security of supply.As before  we continue to operate in full compliance with applicable international  European and Belgian regulations. A Royal Decree sets the implementation modalities for the 14th sanctions package. The LNG terminal has adapted its operational rules accordingly and the existing contracts are currently being continued in accordance with the sanctions regime without any negative impact on the financial performance of Fluxys Belgium.In the first quarter of 2025  based on the available info and a number of hypotheses  Fluxys Belgium and its subsidiary Fluxys hydrogen made the investment decision for the first hydrogen infrastructure with a limited scope that takes into account initial anticipated market demand. The infrastructure will be constructed in multi-purpose technology  just like the recent natural gas pipelines. We are also working on pre-investments for a multi-purpose pipeline in the Antwerp port area that can initially be used for transporting CO2.External auditThe auditor confirmed that its audit work  which has been substantially completed  has not revealed any significant correction that should be made to the accounting information included in this press release.ContactFinancial and accounting data: Filip De Boeck +32 2 282 79 89 - filip.deboeck@fluxys.comPress Office: +32 282 74 44 • press@fluxys.comAbout Fluxys BelgiumFluxys Belgium is a Euronext-listed subsidiary of energy infrastructure group Fluxys. The company is headquartered in Belgium  has more than 950 employees and operates 4 000 kilometres of pipelines  a liquefied natural gas terminal with an annual regasification capacity of 197 TWh and an underground storage facility.As a purpose-led company  Fluxys Belgium together with its stakeholders contributes to a better society by shaping a bright energy future. Building on the unique assets of its infrastructure and its commercial and technical expertise  Fluxys Belgium is committed to transporting hydrogen  biomethane or any other carbon-neutral energy carrier as well as CO2  accommodating the capture  usage and storage of the latter.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Fluxys Belgium', 'Regulated information', '2024 annual results', 'Belgium North Sea Integration Model', 'regulated tariff model', '2024-2027 tariff methodology', 'most regulatory objectives', 'major operational challenges', 'net zero emissions', 'Net financial debt', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Key financial data', 'Federal Energy Minister', 'necessary low-carbon energy', 'LNG infrastructure projects', 'federal hydrogen strategy', 'European Hydrogen Backbone', 'European gas reserves', 'Green Logix Biogas', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Consolidated net profit', 'hydrogen transmission network', 'hydrogen pipeline network', 'high-calorific natural gas', 'first biomethane plant', 'first volumes', 'transmission system', 'hydrogen network', '2024 annual results', 'Desteldonk-Opwijk pipeline', 'Key events', 'high-calorific gas', 'energy supplies', 'energy hub', 'Fluxys hydrogen', 'hydrogen link', 'storage-related projects', 'transmission-related projects', 'Consolidated turnover', 'Fluxys network', 'Belgian network', 'low-calorific gas', 'gross dividend', 'essential hub', 'NW Europe', 'Good results', 'ESG targets', '91 new colleagues', 'Operating revenue', 'fair compensation', 'company performance', 'significant efforts', 'previous years', 'large volumes', 'neighbouring countries', 'main destination', 'storage facility', 'North-West Europe', 'other sources', 'initial phase', 'Fluxys Belgium', 'reasonable costs', 'operating costs', 'Income statement', 'Efficiency efforts', 'various incentives', 'EU regulation', 'Belgian households', 'production field', 'Total property', '7,000 households', 'Overview', 'allocation', '13 May', 'share', 'operator', 'Partner', 'Luxembourg', 'France', 'Germany', 'industry', 'CO2', 'thousands', '788 EBITDA', '5,809 EBIT', 'Investments', 'equipment', 'period', 'Equity', 'definitions', 'reasons', 'indicators', 'annex', 'increase', 'change', 'rise', 'CREG', 'principle', 'interest', 'addition', 'control', 'aspects', 'amount', 'market', 'teams', 'start', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'requirement', '1 November', 'Loenhout', '1 August', 'deadline', 'Zeebrugge', 'crossroads', 'role', 'half', 'SMEs', 'Netherlands', 'depletion', 'sight', 'export', 'supply', 'switch', '23 October', 'molecules', 'Lommel', 'consumption', '26 April', 'subsidiary', 'development', 'feedstock']",2025-03-27,2025-03-28,globenewswire.com
49736,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/commercial-reports/tough-times-for-corporate-governance/,Tough times for corporate governance,Sustainability reporting regulation changes and the march of tech means that corporate governance professionals must stay agile,Much like the proverbial snowball  the pace of change in business continues to accelerate. AI and other technology have rapidly developed from a concept into reality  and while the possibilities afforded by such advances are vast and exciting  they bring with them significant challenges. It is more important than ever before to stay abreast of such changes and evolve as required.“The governance function is under pressure from all sides – regulation  reputation  technology and talent ” said Patrick Downes  partner at Governance Ireland. “Boards must navigate increasingly complex expectations while staying grounded in purpose and performance.“In the year ahead  coherence will be everything. The convergence of AI regulation  ESG enforcement  digital risk  and geopolitical instability will test even the most experienced boards. Boards that succeed will be those who hold it all together without losing focus. Ultimately  good governance is no longer about looking back. It’s about being future-fit  fast-moving  and fiercely accountable.”As in 2024  two of the biggest issues facing corporate governance professionals and boards are ESG reporting obligations and technology advantages. “From our perspective  the importance of ESG can hardly be overstated ” said Downes. “It’s no longer a side-line topic at boards; we are seeing how it’s become central to how companies are perceived and valued. Integrating ESG considerations into corporate strategy and risk management is not just good practice – it’s become a necessity for directors in terms of sustainable success and competitive advantage.”For corporate governance  reporting obligations under the CSDR have been a concern for the last year  but changes under the EU Omnibus have eased the pressure somewhat  with amendments including reducing the number of companies in scope by 80 per cent and delaying implementation for Category 2 companies by two years.This undoubtedly was welcomed by the 41 per cent of Irish medium sized companies that had not yet developed any sustainability plans or processes such as policy  reporting and data gathering  according to Grant Thornton International Business Report (IBR) research.Patrick Downes  Partner at Governance Ireland. Photo by CHRIS BELLEW/FENNELL PHOTOGRAPHYHowever  for companies that have started the process  Grant Thornton advises that they might want to keep going – and indeed  there is a need for companies to keep driving for more sustainable business practices in general. “While the motivation for conducting the exercise may have been driven by compliance  there is value in the outputs themselves. Identifying material sustainability impacts  risks and opportunities can help inform and refine strategy  enhance risk management  and build resilience of business.“No risk was ever mitigated by ignorance  and it’s difficult to capitalise on an opportunity if you don’t recognise it. Given the choice between a sunk cost  or incremental investment to secure strategic insights  it may be worth the additional fare.”The continued acceleration of AI and other technology is an ongoing challenge for corporate governance.“The rapid acceleration of AI offers some tantalising prospects for enhancing operational efficiency and decision-making ” said Downes. “However  it also introduces novel challenges  especially in the realm of cybersecurity. For sure the adoption of AI can significantly fortify a company’s defences against cyber threats  yet it can also expose new vulnerabilities.“We are already seeing how AI is reshaping the governance landscape. Boards are grappling with how to provide oversight in areas they don’t fully control or even understand. The forthcoming EU AI Act is a wake-up call: I think Boards can no longer afford to treat AI as a black box. Responsible oversight is now a core governance duty and the order of the day.”Another change on the corporate governance landscape is the introduction by Euronext Dublin of an Irish corporate governance code. Historically  Irish companies have followed the UK code  but given our closer relationship with the EU  it was believed that the time had come for Ireland to have its own code. The Irish code applies to Irish companies for accounting years from 1 January 2025; dual-listed companies have the option of adopting either the UK or the Irish code  to reduce the reporting burden on those companies.No risk was ever mitigated by ignorance  and it’s hard to capitalise on an opportunity if you don’t recognise itThere are a number of key differences between the UK and Irish code; for example  the Irish code specifically mandates the maintenance of a diversity and inclusion policy with regard to gender and other aspects of diversity of relevance to the company. Measurable objectives for implementing the policy should also be included. And  under the Irish code  at least one member of the audit committee should have “competence in accounting or auditing” rather than “recent and relevant financial experience” under the UK code.“The introduction of the Irish code is a welcome development in the evolution of the Irish equity capital markets landscape ” said a spokesperson for McCann Fitzgerald in a note following the announcement.“The continuing (and expected future) divergence between UK and EU equity capital markets regimes provided a strong impetus to constitute a corporate governance regime which is tailored to the Irish market and has the flexibility to diverge further from its UK equivalent to account for the evolving Irish equity capital markets landscape. Further  the use of the UK code (with which Irish issuers are familiar) as adapted for the Irish market and the flexibility to be provided by Euronext Dublin’s new listing rules for Dublin/London dual-listed companies to choose whether to apply the Irish or UK code is a feature of the new regime we expect issuers to welcome.”,neutral,0.08,0.5,0.42,mixed,0.49,0.17,0.34,True,English,"['Tough times', 'corporate governance', 'Grant Thornton International Business Report', 'Irish medium sized companies', 'forthcoming EU AI Act', 'Irish corporate governance code', 'CHRIS BELLEW/FENNELL PHOTOGRAPHY', 'relevant financial experience', 'material sustainability impacts', 'core governance duty', 'corporate governance professionals', 'sustainable business practices', 'The Irish code', 'corporate governance landscape', 'ESG reporting obligations', 'sustainable success', 'sustainability plans', 'governance function', 'good governance', 'EU Omnibus', 'Irish companies', 'corporate strategy', 'Governance Ireland', 'proverbial snowball', 'significant challenges', 'complex expectations', 'ESG enforcement', 'geopolitical instability', 'biggest issues', 'side-line topic', 'ESG considerations', 'good practice', 'competitive advantage', '80 per cent', 'two years', '41 per cent', 'data gathering', 'IBR) research', 'sunk cost', 'incremental investment', 'strategic insights', 'additional fare', 'continued acceleration', 'ongoing challenge', 'rapid acceleration', 'tantalising prospects', 'operational efficiency', 'novel challenges', 'cyber threats', 'new vulnerabilities', 'wake-up call', 'black box', 'Euronext Dublin', 'closer relationship', 'reporting burden', 'key differences', 'other aspects', 'Measurable objectives', 'one member', 'audit committee', 'welcome developme', 'other technology', 'technology advantages', 'Category 2 companies', 'UK code', 'dual-listed companies', 'digital risk', 'risk management', 'Patrick Downes', 'last year', 'Responsible oversight', 'accounting years', 'inclusion policy', 'experienced boards', 'AI regulation', 'pace', 'change', 'concept', 'reality', 'possibilities', 'advances', 'pressure', 'sides', 'reputation', 'talent', 'partner', 'purpose', 'performance', 'coherence', 'everything', 'convergence', 'focus', 'perspective', 'importance', 'necessity', 'directors', 'terms', 'CSDR', 'concern', 'amendments', 'number', 'scope', 'implementation', 'processes', 'need', 'motivation', 'exercise', 'compliance', 'value', 'outputs', 'risks', 'opportunities', 'resilience', 'ignorance', 'opportunity', 'choice', 'decision-making', 'realm', 'cybersecurity', 'adoption', 'company', 'defences', 'areas', 'order', 'day', 'introduction', 'time', '1 January', 'example', 'maintenance', 'diversity', 'regard', 'gender', 'relevance', 'competence', 'auditing', 'recent', '2024']",2025-03-28,2025-03-28,businesspost.ie
49737,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-publishes-2024-universal-registration-170900193.html,Euronext publishes its 2024 Universal Registration Document,Euronext publishes its 2024 Universal Registration Document Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 28 March 2025 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announces that it has filed its 2024 Universal Registration Document ,"Euronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 28 March 2025 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announces that it has filed its 2024 Universal Registration Document  prepared in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format)  including the 2024 Annual Financial Statements and Directors’ Report to the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the “AFM”)  on 28 March 2025  as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Story ContinuesAs of December 2024  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal host over 1 800 listed issuers with around €6 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 25% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X and LinkedIn.DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2025  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['2024 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'entire capital markets value chain', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'leading European capital market infrastructure', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'European lit equity trading', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'European power market', 'Data Protection Officer', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'strong blue-chip franchise', 'largest global centre', 'international client base', '2024 Annual Financial Statements', 'applicable national laws', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext Securities CSDs', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'European Parliament', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'ESEF format', 'personal data', 'applicable legislation', 'Nord Pool', 'Directors’ Report', 'competent authority', 'fund listings', 'diverse domestic', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'privacy statement', 'applicable rules', 'settlement services', '1,800 listed issuers', 'proprietary rights', 'euronext.com', 'information purposes', 'Euronext Clearing', 'custody', 'solutions', 'investors', 'MTS', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '28 March', 'AFM', 'Story', 'December', 'exchanges', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'debt', 'equities', 'FX', 'ETFs', 'bonds', 'derivatives', 'commodities', 'indices', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'use', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'request_information', 'data-subjects', 'rights-request', 'dpo', 'Attachment']",2025-03-28,2025-03-28,finance.yahoo.com
49738,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2025-03-28/galapagos-publishes-2024-annual-report-and-announces-annual-shareholders-meeting,Galapagos Publishes 2024 Annual Report and Announces Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today publishes its annual report for the financial year 2024 and announces its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (AGM) to be held on Tuesday  April 29  2025 at 14:00 CET at the registered office of the Company.,Mechelen  Belgium; March 27  2025  21:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today publishes its annual report for the financial year 2024 and announces its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (AGM) to be held on Tuesday  April 29  2025 at 14:00 CET at the registered office of the Company.The annual report for the financial year 2024  including a review of figures and performance  is available online at https://www.glpg.com/financial-reports and can also be downloaded as PDF. The annual 2024 Form 20-F filing with the SEC is available at www.sec.gov/edgar.Galapagos has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights  Board members  and statutory auditor to its Annual (ordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting that will be held on Tuesday April 29  2025 at 14:00 CET at the Company’s registered office.The items on the agenda of the AGM include  amongst other items: (i) the appointment of Mr. Oleg Nodelman as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director  and (ii) the confirmation and appointment of the statutory auditor with respect to the “assurance” of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 2022/2464/EU (CSRD) sustainability reporting.The proposed separation of Galapagos into two publicly traded entities is not included on the agenda of this AGM. An Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting in relation to this matter is expected to be convened mid-2025.In order to be admitted to the AGM to be held on April 29  2025  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and article 23 of the Company’s Articles of Association  and fulfil the formalities described in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents related to this AGM  including the biography of Mr. Oleg Nodelman  can be consulted on our website at www.glpg.com/shareholders-meetings.About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class medicines. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is not just to meet current medical needs but to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami +1 412 699 0359Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami +1 412 699 0359Sandra Cauwenberghs +32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. These statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this release  unless specifically required by law or regulation.DisclaimerThe contents of our website  including the annual report for the financial year 2024  and any other website that may be accessed from our website  shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', '2024 Annual Report', 'Galapagos', 'decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'two publicly traded entities', 'high unmet medical needs', 'annual 2024 Form 20-F filing', 'Annual (ordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting', 'current medical needs', 'Mr. Oleg Nodelman', 'Non-Executive Non-Independent Director', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'compelling science, technology', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'annual report', 'life-changing science', 'financial year', 'registered office', 'subscription rights', 'Board members', 'statutory auditor', 'Belgian Code', 'convening notice', 'other documents', 'U.S.', 'collaborative approaches', 'deep pipeline', 'class medicines', 'status quo', 'Media inquiries', 'Srikant Ramaswami', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Investor inquiries', 'Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'regulated information', 'additional information', 'other items', 'patient outcomes', 'Securities Act', 'Galapagos NV', 'other website', 'biotechnology company', 'future results', 'Tuesday April', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'March', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'AGM', '14:00 CET', 'review', 'figures', 'performance', 'financial-reports', 'PDF', 'honor', 'agenda', 'appointment', 'confirmation', 'respect', 'assurance', 'separation', 'relation', 'matter', 'order', 'article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'formalities', 'biography', 'meetings', 'operations', 'Europe', 'innovation', 'years', 'quality', 'capabilities', 'patients', 'employees', 'goal', 'healthcare', 'LinkedIn', 'release', 'guarantees', 'date', 'publication', 'obligation', 'law', 'regulation', 'Disclaimer', 'contents', 'reference', '01']",2025-03-28,2025-03-28,pharmiweb.com
49739,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/03/28/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/bekaert-update-on-the-share-buyback-program-and-the-liquidity-agreement/2082000,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,On 28 February 2025  Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 20 March 2025 to 26 March 2025Share Buyback ProgramOn 28 February 2025   Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 20 March 2025 to 26 March 2025  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 69 371 shares.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe table below provides an overview of the transactions under the Program during the period from 20 March 2025 to 26 March 2025:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Price Advertisement paid (€) Lowest Price paid (€) Total Amount (€) 20 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 10 083 36.22 36.54 35.84 365 206 MTF CBOE 3 917 36.23 36.64 35.92 141 913 MTF Turquoise - MTF Aquis - 21 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 9 582 35.90 36.08 35.72 343 994 MTF CBOE 3 789 35.88 36.06 35.72 135 949 MTF Turquoise - MTF Aquis - 24 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 10 000 36.41 36.74 36.16 364 100 MTF CBOE 4 000 36.40 36.60 36.16 145 600 MTF Turquoise - MTF Aquis - 25 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 10 000 36.69 36.80 36.50 366 900 MTF CBOE 4 000 36.70 36.78 36.44 146 800 MTF Turquoise - MTF Aquis - 26 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 10 000 36.48 36.86 36.06 364 800 MTF CBOE 4 000 36.49 36.90 36.10 145 960 MTF Turquoise - MTF Aquis - Total 69 371 36.34 36.90 35.72 2 521 222In relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 5 000 shares during the period from 20 March 2025 to 26 March 2025 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 2 800 shares on Euronext Brussels.AdvertisementThe tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 20 March 2025 to 26 March 2025:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 20 March 2025 1 200 36.12 36.38 35.90 43 344 21 March 2025 1 000 35.92 36.02 35.80 35 920 24 March 2025 800 36.28 36.40 36.20 29 024 25 March 2025 400 36.57 36.60 36.54 14 628 26 March 2025 1 600 36.30 36.60 36.06 58 080 Total 5 000 180 996Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 20 March 2025 400 36.41 36.60 36.22 14 564 21 March 2025 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 24 March 2025 1 400 36.53 36.70 36.40 51 142 25 March 2025 800 36.69 36.72 36.66 29 352 26 March 2025 200 36.80 36.80 36.80 7 360 Total 2 800 102 418AdvertisementThe balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 32 767 shares.On 26 March 2025 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 833 880 own shares  or 5.22% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.AdvertisementAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'total maximum consideration', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Date Market Number', 'Highest Price Advertisement', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Date Number', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'next tranche', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Total Amount', 'Advertisement Attachment', 'same period', 'outstanding shares', '69 371 shares', '5 000 shares', '2 800 shares', '32 767 shares', 'Update', '20 March', '26 March', '28 February', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '21 March', '24 March', '25 March', '25 June', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', '2 833 880']",2025-03-28,2025-03-28,manilatimes.net
