UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
38484,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.lewrockwell.com/2024/03/alasdair-macleod/preventing-a-nuclear-war/,Preventing a Nuclear War,Anti-Russia and anti-China rhetoric is driving the western alliance towards all-out war against them. Increasingly  the only way an ultimate nuclear conflict can be avoided is either for the dollar-based fiat currency regime to destroy itself  or to be given …,Anti-Russia and anti-China rhetoric is driving the western alliance towards all-out war against them. Increasingly  the only way an ultimate nuclear conflict can be avoided is either for the dollar-based fiat currency regime to destroy itself  or to be given a helping hand by its enemies. Either way  gold is certain to be central to the evolution of these rapidly evolving events and their outcome.Gearing up for a wider conflictWhile it hasn’t been officially declared  to all intents the US with her NATO allies is at war with Russia. This war is not yet an all-out military confrontation. It is being fought through Ukraine as proxy  but that conflict is being badly lost by American-led NATO. 5-Minute Core Exercise... Dzenitis  Tami Brehse Best Price: $5.85 Buy New $8.69 (as of 03:02 UTC - Details)With the Ukraine project visibly failing  rhetoric denouncing Russia and China is now increasing. President Macron of France is seemingly keen to put NATO troops on the ground  but that would be a direct confrontation  which under NATO’s treaty would drag in every member. It would then become officially World War Three  fought under a nuclear umbrella. How long nuclear weapons would not become deployed in these circumstances is anyone’s guess  but probably not for long.From the American side  the thought of backing down from the Ukrainian mess is currently inconceivable. It is a presidential election year. Domestic spending is ratcheted up to buy votes. But even without this extra spending  the US budget deficit is already heading for 12% of GDP — not that it seems to be deterring the politicians.In an election year  attention is often diverted from obvious domestic failures by increasing military ventures abroad  in theory stimulating American jingoism in favour of the incumbent president. But with the increasingly obvious failure in Ukraine  major foreign ventures have become little more than tilting at windmills. Increasingly  the American public is becoming sceptical. Consequently  propaganda and rhetoric against Russia and China are on the rise  both in America and the UK particularly  but also in all Western European nations facing plebiscites this year. This is the background to Macron’s belligerence.As is vividly demonstrated by America’s handling of the Israeli-Gaza situation  foreign policy is coming up against hard realities. The cover for America’s foreign policy failures is to divert attention from the Middle East by increasing the rhetoric against Russia and China even further  to the point where the propaganda convinces even its inventors. Any objective observer sees this reflected in the mainstream media  which is promoting a moral cause determined officially against our enemies to the exclusion of pragmatism. But we tend to forget that we are talking about escalating conflicts between nuclear powers.Increasingly  there is only one way in which this can end without destroying humanity  and that is for the battleground to become financial. Logically  it leads to the destruction of the dollar and the reintroduction of gold standards by America’s rivals in hegemony to protect themselves from the twilight of the post-Bretton Woods fiat currency era. But getting there will likely involve a chain of unintended consequences.The starting point appears to be an escalation of hostility over seized Russian assets  including central bank reserves  valued at about $280 billion. In effect  the US and the Eurozone have defaulted on their credit obligations to Russia. In response Russia froze the investment assets of foreigners in “C” accounts  said to add up to a similar value. However  Russia’s frozen assets held in Euroclear amounting to $210bn of the total also equate to the amount spent by the Europeans in the western alliance on Ukraine. How to redeploy these frozen funds in compensation has become an obvious topic.The freezing of Russian funds by America caused considerable alarm among neutral countries  some of which have begun selling dollars  euros  and pounds for gold. But further moves to confiscate them have been resisted by an alarmed US Treasury  pointing out that it needs congressional approval to do so in peacetime. Furthermore  national reserves have the strongest immunity protection in international law  making such a move by America extremely dangerous for the dollar’s international credibility.On the $210 billion frozen Russian assets held in Euroclear  interest is due. The EU has proposed mobilising both the principal and/or the interest but has not achieved agreement to do so. Furthermore  on behalf of its creditors Euroclear has significant exposure to Russia giving her the opportunity to undermine Euroclear and the entire EU financial structure. This is causing alarm among some observers.They fear that Russia will sue Euroclear or seize Euroclear’s custodial assets in Russia: either course is likely. But it is what follows that will do the real damage. In law  Euroclear can deploy all customer assets as they see fit  because in common with other security depositories in the US and elsewhere  the EU’s Euroclear possesses the property in all bonds  equities  and derivatives on its books against which it has issued certificates of entitlement to the beneficial owners. These arrangements have been introduced in major financial markets to give global authorities the flexibility to manage financial crises  with the potential to deploy all financial property under their control as collateral to underwrite the entire financial system.Commentators generally miss this point  thinking that the threat is that Euroclear would be rendered insolvent. It would not be insolvent because of legal position allows it to deploy all assets on its books as it sees fit. But the deployment of its property in the widest sense is intended as a backstop to a future financial crisis ex post facto.If Russia acted against Euroclear  the problem is that collateral crisis measures would be triggered as a preventative measure to prevent a widespread systemic failure before it happens. Everyone has already been duped into being happy to own nothing without the cover of a massive systemic crisis demanding emergency measures. And worse still  it could cause all nations in the Russia—China axis and the neutrals in the Global South to stampede for the fiat currency exit.The non-nuclear war alternative is to deliberately collapse the dollarHopefully  a more likely scenario to an increasingly probably WW3 becomes financial and not nuclear  being the lesser of two evils.The position on Euroclear has been outlined above. But there are probably subtler actions which can be taken to destabilise the European banking systems  from which Russia now has minimal exposure and can move freely. The mildest would be to quietly encourage its allies and non-aligned nations to get out of the dollar and the US financial system before they collapse. A flight out of dollars into commodity assets for the relative benefit of Russia would be the intention.Arguably  this is already happening. China is stockpiling copper  which amounts to dumping dollars in favour of a key commodity. China has also been dumping dollars in favour of gold. We know that she has cornered the silver market  so presumably has already accumulated significant physical reserves of silver bullion. It makes sense for China to accumulate all the commodities she requires for her trans-Asian expansion plans while the dollar still has its current value in terms of purchasing power for commodities.Undoubtedly  America’s officials at the Treasury and the Fed already feel cornered. Recent missions by Janet Yellen and US Treasury officials to Beijing reflect deep concern over China’s anti-dollar policies. But for politicians  including Trump  ratcheting up anti-Chinese rhetoric is only likely to accelerate China’s plans to turn dollars into commodities.While Putin’s rhetoric is anti-dollar  it would be hard for America to blame the Russians for a run against it: after all  they have been cut out of the dollar-based financial system. But whether it is Russia or China  anti-dollar rhetoric and action will end up driving US Government borrowing costs higher  making it extremely difficult for the Americans to fund their rapidly escalating budget deficit. Inevitably  overvalued bond markets will crash taking down equities with them  bringing on a mother-of-all dollar crisis. The Russians would hope that America would be forced by a magnitudinous dollar crisis to fatally harm America’s international standing and curtail her ability to pursue aggressive foreign policies. The Ultimate Survival ... Alton  Amy Best Price: $17.31 Buy New $16.68 (as of 05:10 UTC - Details)If that is not sufficient to drive America out of Western Europe  then there is still the financial equivalent of a nuclear conflict: Russia would put its rouble on a gold standard  forcing China’s hand into doing the same. Both nations have substantial undeclared bullion in their possession so are in a position to do so. And for Russia  the economic benefits of stabilising the rouble with gold-like interest rates replacing current 16% deposit rates are obvious.Their ownership of declared and undeclared bullion is in contrast with America’s declared but unverified position of 8 133 tonnes. And by a process of elimination  we can say that gold which has been leased and swapped out of total central bank reserves has depleted not just the US’s own reserves  but those held by the New York Fed earmarked for other nations. It is the only credible explanation as to why Germany had so much difficulty getting just some of its gold returned by the New York Fed.That the US  doubtless with other nations in the western alliance  have gold that only exists as fictitious ledger entries will become apparent as the dollar-based fiat currency system finally collapses.At least the ultimate horror of discovery over missing gold reserves is not as bad as the true nuclear alternative.Reprinted with permission from MacleodFinance Substack.The Best of Alasdair Macleod,neutral,0.05,0.75,0.2,negative,0.02,0.24,0.73,True,English,"['Nuclear War', 'post-Bretton Woods fiat currency era', 'dollar-based fiat currency regime', 'Tami Brehse Best Price', 'entire EU financial structure', '$210 billion frozen Russian assets', '5-Minute Core Exercise', 'strongest immunity protection', 'other security depositories', 'central bank reserves', 'Western European nations', 'major foreign ventures', 'foreign policy failures', 'presidential election year', 'obvious domestic failures', 'US budget deficit', 'ultimate nuclear conflict', 'The EU', 'Domestic spending', 'military ventures', 'national reserves', 'western alliance', 'obvious failure', 'obvious topic', 'nuclear umbrella', 'nuclear weapons', 'nuclear powers', 'investment assets', 'Russian funds', 'custodial assets', 'customer assets', 'helping hand', 'evolving events', 'wider conflict', 'military confrontation', 'direct confrontation', 'American side', 'Ukrainian mess', 'extra spending', 'American jingoism', 'incumbent president', 'American public', 'Israeli-Gaza situation', 'hard realities', 'Middle East', 'objective observer', 'mainstream media', 'moral cause', 'escalating conflicts', 'unintended consequences', 'credit obligations', 'C” accounts', 'similar value', 'neutral countries', 'congressional approval', 'international credibility', 'significant exposure', 'real damage', 'NATO allies', 'American-led NATO', 'NATO troops', 'US Treasury', 'President Macron', 'one way', 'starting point', 'considerable alarm', 'international law', 'gold standards', 'anti-China rhetoric', 'Ukraine project', 'World War', 'Anti-Russia', 'enemies', 'evolution', 'outcome', 'intents', 'proxy', 'Dzenitis', '03:02 UTC', 'Details', 'France', 'ground', 'treaty', 'member', 'circumstances', 'guess', 'thought', 'votes', 'GDP', 'politicians', 'attention', 'theory', 'favour', 'windmills', 'propaganda', 'rise', 'plebiscites', 'belligerence', 'handling', 'cover', 'inventors', 'exclusion', 'pragmatism', 'humanity', 'destruction', 'reintroduction', 'rivals', 'hegemony', 'twilight', 'chain', 'escalation', 'hostility', 'effect', 'Eurozone', 'response', 'foreigners', 'Euroclear', 'total', 'amount', 'Europeans', 'compensation', 'freezing', 'dollars', 'euros', 'pounds', 'moves', 'peacetime', 'interest', 'principal', 'agreement', 'behalf', 'creditors', 'opportunity', 'observers', 'course']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,lewrockwell.com
38485,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EGETIS-THERAPEUTICS-AB-61747360/news/Egetis-Therapeutics-NOTICE-OF-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-IN-EGETIS-THERAPEUTICS-AB-PUBL-46320730/,Egetis Therapeutics : NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN EGETIS THERAPEUTICS AB (PUBL) -March 29  2024 at 01:42 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Resolution on allocation of the Company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet of the parent company   The Board of Directors proposes that the profits at the general meeting's disposal be carried forward in its entirety. The B…,"Published: 2024-03-29 18:38:00 CET Egetis Therapeutics ABNotice to general meeting NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN EGETIS THERAPEUTICS AB (PUBL) The shareholders of Egetis Therapeutics AB (publ)  reg. no. 556706-6724 (the ""Company"" or ""Egetis"") are hereby convened to the annual general meeting on Monday May 6  2024  at 16.00 (CEST) at the premises of Advokatfirman Vinge on Smålandsgatan 20  SE-111 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Registration to the annual general meeting starts at 15.30 (CEST). Right to participate in the annual general meeting Participation in the annual general meeting at the venue A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date on Thursday April 25  2024. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  well in advance of this date  re-register the shares in their own name. Such registration may be temporary and must have been effected on Monday April 29  2024  in order for the shareholder to exercise the right to participate in the general meeting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the annual general meeting shall further give notice no later than Monday April 29  2024  to the address: Egetis Therapeutics  Klara Norra Kyrkogata 26  SE-111 22  Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to info@egetis.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  address  telephone number  personal or corporate registration number as well as shareholding. If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the Company's website  www.egetis.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the general meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the Company as set out above so that it is received no later than May 3  2024. Participation by advance voting A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting by advance voting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Thursday April 25  2024 and (ii) give notice no later than Monday April 29  2024  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by the Company no later than on that day. A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the annual general meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue. A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the Company's website www.egetis.com. The completed form shall be received by the Company not later than Monday April 29  2024. Advance votes received later will not be taken into account. If the shareholder is a legal entity or if the shareholder exercises its voting rights through a proxy  a registration certificate or equivalent document for the legal entity and  where applicable  a power of attorney must be submitted together with the advance voting form. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy must issue a dated and signed power of attorney for the proxy. The period of validity of the power of attorney may be specified for a maximum of five years from the date of issue. If the proxy has been issued by a legal person  a copy of a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document for the legal person shall be enclosed. The Company provides a form of proxy on request and it is also available on the Company's website  www.egetis.com. Shareholders may not provide the advance vote with any special instructions or conditions. If so  the advance vote is invalid and will not be taken into account. Further instructions and conditions are set forth in the advance voting form and on the Company's website  www.egetis.com. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual general meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder participates in a voting procedure at the annual general meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the annual general meeting  the vote cast will replace the advance vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda. Nominee-registered shares Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a bank or other nominee must  in order to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting  request to be entered in the share register in their own name (so-called voting rights registration) so that the shareholder is entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  April 25  2024. Voting rights registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the relevant nominee no later than Monday  April 29  2024 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register. This means that shareholders should communicate their request to the nominee well in advance of this date. Proposed agenda Opening of the annual general meeting Election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the annual general meeting has been duly convened Submission of the annual report and the auditor's report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements Resolutions on: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet; allocation of the Company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet of the parent company; and discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer Resolution of the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors Resolution on the remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor Election of Board of Directors Election of auditor Resolution regarding instructions to the Nomination Committee Resolution on approval of the remuneration report for the financial year 2023 Resolution to amend the articles of association Resolution in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the Company's management and key personnel  including: adoption of a long-term incentive program for the Company's management and key personnel resolution on: introduction of a new class of shares by amending the articles of association authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new class C shares authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of class C shares transfer of own ordinary shares to participants and in the market equity swap agreement with a third party Resolution on amendment of previously outstanding long-term incentive programs adopted in 2021  2022 and 2023  including: amendment of the terms and conditions of the previously outstanding long-term incentive programs adopted in 2021  2022 and 2023 authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new class C shares authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of class C shares transfer of own ordinary shares to participants and in the market Resolution on authorization for issuances Closing of the general meeting Main proposals to resolutions Item 2 - Election of chairman of the general meeting The Nomination Committee proposes that attorney-at-law Dain Hård Nevonen is elected as chairman of the general meeting. Item 8b) - Resolution on allocation of the Company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet of the parent company The Board of Directors proposes that the profits at the general meeting's disposal be carried forward in its entirety. The Board of Director's proposal entails that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2023. Item 9 - Resolution of the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors is to be five  with no deputy members  and the number of auditors is to be one registered public accounting firm. Item 10 - Resolution on the remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors' remuneration for the time until the next annual general meeting shall amount according to the following (brackets indicate the remunerations for the current year): Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 630 000 (630 000) Other members of the Board of Directors not employed by Egetis: SEK 235 000 (235 000) It is proposed that no remuneration be paid to members of the Board of Directors who are employed by Egetis. Furthermore  it is proposed that the following remuneration be paid for committee work for the period until the next annual general meeting: Chairman of the Audit Committee: SEK 80 000 (80 000) Member of the Audit Committee: SEK 40 000 (40 000) Chairman of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 50 000 (50 000) Member of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 25 000 (25 000) Chairman of the Market Access Committee: SEK 80 000 (80 000) Member of the Market Access Committee: SEK 40 000 (40 000) The proposal entails a total remuneration to the Board of Directors amounting to SEK 1 885 000 (2 120 000). The Nomination Committee further proposes that the remuneration to the auditor shall be paid against approved invoice. Item 11 - Election of Board of Directors The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Thomas Lönngren (chairman)  Mats Blom  Gunilla Osswald  Behshad Sheldon and Peder Walberg. Information about all members proposed to the Company's Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement regarding the proposal for the election of the Board of Directors is published at the Company's website  www.egetis.com. Item 12 - Election of auditor In accordance with the Audit Committee´s recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the registered auditing firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) as auditor for a term of office extending until the end of the next annual general meeting. PwC has informed that it  in such case  intends to appoint the authorized public accountant Niclas Bergenmo as the auditor in charge. Item 13 - Resolution regarding instructions to the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt the instructions for the work of the Nomination Committee set out below. Principles for appointing the members of the Nomination Committee The general meeting authorizes the Chairman of the Board of Directors to contact the three largest shareholders according to Euroclear Sweden AB's transcription of the share register as of September 30  2024  each of them appointing a member of the Nomination Committee. In addition  the Chairman of the Board shall  if desired by the members of the Nomination Committee  be co-opted to the Nomination Committee's meetings. In the event that any of the three largest shareholders does not wish to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee the fourth largest shareholder should be asked and so forth  until the Nomination Committee consists of three members. However  if several shareholders waive their right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  no more than the ten largest shareholders need to be consulted. The composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced on the Company's website no later than six months prior to the next annual general meeting. The term of office of the appointed Nomination Committee shall run until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed under a mandate from the next annual general meeting. Should a shareholder having appointed a representative to the Nomination Committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the annual general meeting at the latest  the representative appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one representative to the Nomination Committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the Nomination Committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three-month period prior to the annual general meeting. Where a shareholder has become one of the three largest shareholders due to a material change in the ownership at a point in time falling later than three months before the annual general meeting  such shareholder shall however in any event have the right to appoint a representative who shall have the right to take part of the work of the Nomination Committee and participate at its meetings. If a member leaves the Nomination Committee before its work is completed and the Nomination Committee finds that there is a need for replacing this member  the Nomination Committee shall appoint a new member in accordance with the principles described above  but based on Euroclear Sweden AB's transcription of the share register as soon as possible after the member left the Nomination Committee. Any change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced immediately. The assignment of the Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee shall prepare and present proposals regarding the following items for the annual general meeting 2025: Election of Chairman of the meeting  Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors  Resolution on the remuneration to the Board of Directors  divided between the Chairman and other members  Resolution on the remuneration to the auditors  Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors  Election of auditors  and Proposal for principles for the composition and instructions regarding work of the Nomination Committee When preparing the proposal regarding the election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Committee shall apply section 4.1 of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"") as a diversity policy. The Nomination Committee shall otherwise perform the tasks assigned to the Nomination Committee in accordance with the Code. The work of the Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee appoints the Chairman of the committee. The Nomination Committee shall meet as often as is necessary for the Nomination Committee to fulfil its duties  but at least once per year. Notices convening meetings are issued by the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. If a member requests that the Nomination Committee be convened  the request shall be complied with. The Nomination Committee is quorate if at least two members are present. Resolutions of the Nomination Committee shall be adopted by a simple majority of the members present or  in the event of a tied vote  the Chairman shall have the casting vote. Minutes shall be kept at the Nomination Committee's meetings. Remuneration No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. However  any necessary and reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the Nomination Committee's work shall be borne by the Company. Item 15 - Resolution to amend the articles of association The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association as follows. An update of § 4 and § 5 is proposed  whereby the limits for the share capital and the number of shares are increased in order to enable registration of a greater number of shares. In addition  a new paragraph is proposed  § 11  which authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve that persons not being shareholders shall be allowed to attend general meetings. Following the insertion of a new paragraph  renumbering is proposed  whereby the former § 11 becomes § 12 and so on. Current wording Proposed wording § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 5 000 000 and not more than SEK 20 000 000. § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 15 000 000 and not more than SEK 60 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be not less than 95 000 000 and not more than 380 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be not less than 280 000 000 and not more than 1 120 000 000.* § 11 (New paragraph inserted) 11 § The right for persons not being shareholders to attend a general meetingThe Board of Directors may resolve that persons not being shareholders of the company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the board of directors  to attend or in any other manner follow the discussions at a general meeting. *The proposed wording of § 5 of the articles of association will be supplemented under item 16 in the event that the required majority is achieved during the consideration of item 16 at the annual general meeting. The Board of Directors proposes that the Chief Executive Officer be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution as may be necessary in connection with its registration. Item 16 - Resolution in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the Company's management and key personnel The Board of Directors of Egetis proposes the introduction of a long-term incentive program for the Company's management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in accordance with the following. The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt a long-term incentive program for management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Egetis (""ESOP 2024"") in accordance with items 16a) - 16b) below. The resolutions under items 16a) - 16b) below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 16b) below not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that Egetis shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 16c) and resolutions below under items 16a) and 16c) shall then be conditional upon each other. ESOP 2024 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  stock options to acquire ordinary shares in Egetis (""Options"")  subject to vesting over a three-year period in accordance with the below. The Board of Directors proposes that a maximum of 8 300 000 Options may be allocated to the participants. Item 16a) - Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the Company's management and key personnel The rationale for the proposal ESOP 2024 is intended for members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Egetis. The Board of Directors of Egetis believes that an equity-based incentive program in the form of stock options is a central part of a competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate competent members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Egetis  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders. The proposed program is key for the Company's ability to attract  retain and motivate competent key persons and top talents in relevant foreign jurisdictions such as the United States as well as in Europe in the Company's operations and commercial functions. Egetis faces preparations for the market approval application process of Emcitate and continued establishment of a commercial infrastructure. When recruiting experienced commercial personnel in the United States and other key employees in the United States and Europe it will be important for Egetis to be able to offer attractive compensation terms. A competitive equity-based incentive program will be a key component in order to be able to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced individuals. The Board of Directors of Egetis believes that ESOP 2024 will fortify the alignment of the interests of the participants and the interests of the shareholders. ESOP 2024 is adapted to the current position and needs of Egetis. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that ESOP 2024 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Egetis' operations  improve company loyalty and that ESOP 2024 will be beneficial to both the shareholders and Egetis. Conditions for Options The following conditions shall apply for the Options. The Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants.The Board of Directors shall resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the annual general meeting 2024 and the date of the annual general meeting 2025 (with each respective granting falling on a "" Grant Date "").""). Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one ordinary share in Egetis for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price per ordinary share will correspond to 120 percent of the volume weighted average price of the Egetis ordinary share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Options shall vest over a three-year period  with 0 percent on the first anniversary of the Grant Date  with an annual vesting of 40 percent following the second year after the Grant Date  and with an annual vesting of 60 percent following the third year after the Grant Date  and thereafter be exercisable  provided that the holder  with certain exceptions  still is employed by Egetis (or  in the case of consultants  still provides services to Egetis). In the event that the holder terminates the employment before the Options can be exercised  no Options may be vested.Following the expiry of the vesting period  the Options may be exercised during a six-month period.The number of Options shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in Egetis' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split of ordinary shares  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Options may be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Egetis group.In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Egetis  the Options will vest in their entirety following the completion of a change of control. Allocation The right to receive Options shall accrue to up to 50 employees or consultants of the Company. The Board of Directors may grant Options  on one or several occasions  between the date of the annual general meeting 2024 and the date of the annual general meeting 2025. The maximum number of Options that may be allocated to the participants under ESOP 2024 is 8 300 000. The maximum allocation per individual in each category shall be 1 700 000 Options for Category 1 (CEO)  700 000 Options for Category 2 (Executive Management)  200 000 Options for Category 3 (Global/functional Head) and 25 000 Options for Category 4 (Functional expert/employee). Preparation  administration and the right to amend the terms of the Options The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of ESOP 2024  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for Egetis based on foreign tax regulations. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in Egetis or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of ESOP 2024 no longer serve their purpose. Net-settlement method for ESOP 2024 ESOP 2024 shall be settled by using a net share-settlement method (""Net share-settlement""). The Net share-settlement entails that Options are settled by delivering a number of ordinary shares corresponding to the Option Value (as defined below) to the participants free of charge without any payment of the exercise price. The number of ordinary shares to be delivered is calculated by deducting the exercise price of the exercised Options from the prevailing share price of the Egetis ordinary shares on the stock market at the time of exercise (""Market Price"") (the ""Option Value"") and dividing the Option Value with the Market Price. Illustrative example of Net share-settlement A participant in ESOP 2024 holds 100 Options with Market Price of the ordinary shares of SEK 12 and Exercise Price of SEK 8. The difference between the Market Price and the Exercise Price is SEK 4 per Option (Option Value). Instead of the participant paying the Exercise Price (number of Options (100) multiplied by the Exercise Price (SEK 8) and that Egetis delivers 100 ordinary shares worth SEK 12 each (Market Price)  Egetis would use Net-settlement by delivering ordinary shares in an amount corresponding to the Option Value divided with the Market Price ((4*100)/12) - i.e. Egetis would deliver 33.33 ordinary shares meaning 33 ordinary shares and SEK 4 in cash. Preparation of the proposal ESOP 2024 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Egetis and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable companies. ESOP 2024 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors. Dilution At maximum allotment of Options  and provided that (i) hedging measures as set out in item 16b) below and (ii) that the Net share-settlement proposed in item 16a) is approved by the annual general meeting  it is estimated that no more than 8 300 000 ordinary shares will be allotted under ESOP 2024 and no more than 700 000 ordinary shares will be used to hedge costs of social security contributions arising from ESOP 2024  a dilution effect of approximately 2.8 percent of the total number of ordinary shares in the Company will occur. If all outstanding incentive programs in Egetis are included in the calculation  including the proposed hedging measures and the proposed adjustment to Net share-settlement (as further described below)  the corresponding maximum dilution  on a fully diluted basis  at the time of the annual general meeting  is estimated to amount to approximately 9.7 percent of the share capital. The dilution is expected to have a marginal effect on the Company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"". Information about Egetis' existing incentive programs can be found in the Company's annual report 2023 in note 11. Scope and costs of the program ESOP 2024 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share‐based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Options shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the Company's cash flow. Costs of social security contributions will be expensed in the income statement according to UFR 7 during the vesting period. Assuming a share price at the time of allocation of Options of SEK 6.00  an annual increase in the share price of 15 percent and that all Options are allocated up-front under the assumptions set out under ""Dilution"" above  the average annual cost for Egetis according to IFRS 2 is estimated to approximately SEK 4.5 million per year before tax. The average annual costs of social security contributions over the vesting period are estimated to approximately a total of SEK 0.9 million  based on the above assumptions  that all Options are fully vested  a vesting period for all Options of three years and costs of social security contributions of 20 percent. If necessary  costs of social security contributions will be covered by hedging measures through the issue of class C shares (see item 16b) below) which would be reclassified to ordinary shares and be sold by a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of the Options. The costs of social security contributions associated with ESOP 2024 will be fully covered and will hence not affect the Company's cash flow. The total cost of ESOP 2024  including all social security costs  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 16.2 million under the above assumptions. The costs associated with ESOP 2024 are expected to have a marginal effect on the Company's key performance indicator ""Expenses relating to R&D/operating expenses"". Delivery of ordinary shares under ESOP 2024 In order to ensure the delivery of ordinary shares under ESOP 2024 and  if necessary  for hedging of costs of social security contributions upon exercise  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to introduce a new share class with reclassifiable and redeemable class C shares  to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issuance of new class C shares  to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of issued class C shares and to resolve on transfer of own ordinary shares to participants and in the market in accordance with item 16b) below. Item 16b) - Resolution on (i) introduction of a new class of shares by amending the articles of association  (ii) authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new class C shares (iii) authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of class C shares  and (vi) transfer of own ordinary shares to participants and in the market In order to ensure the delivery of ordinary shares under ESOP 2024  and if necessary  for hedging of costs of social security contributions  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the proposals in (i)-(iv) below. All resolutions under item 16b)-(i)-(iv) are proposed to be conditional upon each other and are therefore proposed to be adopted jointly. In addition  the resolutions are also conditional upon the annual general meeting resolving in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal to amend the articles of association in item 15. Item 16b)(i) - Introduction of a new class of shares by amending the articles of association The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association as follows. An update of § 5 is proposed  whereby issuance of class C shares  reclassification of class C shares to ordinary shares and redemption of class C shares are enabled  and that the preferential rights are regulated. The update of § 5 shall complement what is stated in the proposal in item 15 above. Current wording Proposed wording § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be not less than 95 000 000 and not more than 380 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be not less than 280 000 000 and not more than 1 120 000 000.Two classes of shares may be issued  ordinary shares and class C shares. The ordinary shares shall carry one vote each and the class C shares shall carry one tenth of a vote each.Shares of either class may be issued up to an amount corresponding to the entire share capital.Class C shares do not entitle to dividends. Upon the company's liquidation  class C shares carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share.If the company resolves to issue new ordinary shares and class C shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  owners of ordinary shares and class C shares shall enjoy preferential rights to subscribe for new shares of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them (primary preferential rights). Shares which are not subscribed for under the primary preferential rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary preferential rights). If the number of shares thus offered are not sufficient for the subscription on the basis of subsidiary preferential rights  the shares shall be allocated between the subscribers pro rata to the number of shares previously held and  to the extent such allocation cannot be effected  by the drawing of lots.If the company resolves to issue new shares of either solely ordinary shares or class C shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  all shareholders  irrespective of whether their shares are ordinary shares or class C shares  shall have preferential rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them.What is set out above with regard to preferential rights shall apply mutatis mutandis in the event of issues of warrants and convertible debentures  and shall not limit the right to resolve upon an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights.In the event of a bonus issue  new shares of each class shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class previously issued. In connection therewith  the owners of existing shares of a certain class shall entitle the holder to new shares of the same class. This shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility of issuing new shares of a new class by means of a bonus issue  following the required amendments of the articles of association.Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  after resolution by the company's board of directors  take place through redemption of all class C shares. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund  if the required funds are available. The redemption amount per class C share shall be the quota value of such shares.Following receipt of the redemption resolution  holders of shares subject to redemption shall promptly receive payment for the shares  or  if authorization for the redemption from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) or a court is required  following the receipt of notice that the final and effected decision has been registered.Class C shares held by the company may  upon decision of the board of directors be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall register the reclassification to the Swedish Companies RegistrationOffice. The reclassification is effected when it has been registered and the reclassification been reflected in the central securities depository register. Item 16b)(ii) - Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new class C shares The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2025  on one or more occasions  to increase the Company's share capital by an issuance of class C shares. With deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  a participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value. The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares to participants under ESOP 2024  as well as to cover any costs for social contributions arising as a result of ESOP 2024. A maximum of 9 000 000 class C shares may be issued in accordance with this authorization. Item 16b)(iii) - Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of class C shares The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2025  on one or more occasions  to resolve on repurchase of class C shares. The repurchase may only be effected through an offer directed to all holders of class C shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the repurchased class C shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the repurchase authorization is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares to the participants in ESOP 2024 and to cover any costs for social contributions arising as a result of ESOP 2024  and the class C shares may therefore be reclassified to ordinary shares after the repurchase. Item 16b)(iv) - Transfer of own ordinary shares to participants and in the market The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the class C shares repurchased by the Company by virtue of the authorization to repurchase class C shares in accordance with item 16b)(iii) above may  after reclassification into ordinary shares  be transferred free of charge to participants in ESOP 2024 in accordance with the resolved terms and conditions  and be sold on Nasdaq Stockholm  including through a financial intermediary  at a price within the registered price range at the relevant time  in order to cover any costs for social security contributions in accordance with the terms and conditions of ESOP 2024. The number of shares to be transferred is subject to recalculation in the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events. Item 16c) - Equity swap agreement with a third party Should the majority requirement for item 16b) above not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that ESOP 2024 instead shall be hedged through Egetis entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Egetis to the participants. Item 17 - Resolution on a) amendment of the terms and conditions of the previously outstanding long-term incentive programs adopted in 2021  2022 and 2023  b) authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new class C shares  c) authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of class C shares  and d) transfer of own ordinary shares to participants and in the market The Board of Directors has considered revised terms and conditions as well as different methods for transfer of ordinary shares to participants under the Company's long-term incentive programs based on employee stock options in order to have relevant terms and manage the programs in a cost-effective and flexible manner and to limit dilution under the ESOP 2024 as well as other outstanding incentive programs. In light of this  the Board of Directors has proposed that ESOP 2024  in accordance with what is stated above  is implemented with adjusted terms and conditions compared to previous incentive programs whereby settlement of ESOP 2024 shall take place through a net share-settlement method and that delivery of ordinary shares  and if necessary  to cover costs for social security contributions upon exercise shall be made by introducing a new share class with reclassifiable and redeemable class C shares  authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on issuance of new class C shares  authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of issued class C shares and resolution on transfer of own ordinary shares to participants and in the market (see item 16a)-b) above). The Board of Directors therefore proposes that the above amendments be approved and apply also to the previously outstanding long-term incentive programs adopted by the annual general meetings 2021  2022 and 2023 (""ESOP 2021-2023"") as set out below. All resolutions under items 17a)-d) are proposed to be conditional on each other and are therefore proposed to be adopted jointly. In addition  the resolutions are also conditional upon the annual general meeting resolving in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal to amend the articles of association in item 15 and item 16b)(i). Item 17a) - Amendment of the terms and conditions of the previously outstanding long-term incentive programs adopted in 2021  2022 and 2023 The Board of Directors proposes that an amendment of the terms is implemented regarding ESOP 2021-2023. The proposal entails the inclusion of a net share-settlement method which means that settlement of ESOP 2021-2023 is carried out using a net share-settlement method (as described in item 16a) above under the heading ""Net share-settlement method for ESOP 2024""). Item 17b) - Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new class C shares The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2025  on one or more occasions  to increase the Company's share capital by an issuance of class C shares. With deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  a participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value. The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares to participants in ESOP 2021-2023  as well as to cover any costs for social contributions arising as a result of ESOP 2021-2023. A maximum of 20 000 000 class C shares may be issued under this authorization. Item 17c) - Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of class C shares The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2025  on one or more occasions  to resolve on repurchase of class C shares. The repurchase may only be effected through an offer directed to all holders of class C shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the repurchased class C shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the repurchase authorization is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares to the participants in ESOP 2021-2023 and to cover any costs for social contributions arising as a result of ESOP 2021-2023  and the class C shares may therefore be reclassified to ordinary shares after the repurchase. Item 17d) - Transfer of own ordinary shares to participants and in the market The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the class C shares repurchased by the Company by virtue of the authorization to repurchase class C shares in accordance with item 17c) above may  after reclassification into ordinary shares  be transferred free of charge to participants in ESOP 2021-2023 in accordance with the resolved terms and conditions  and be sold on Nasdaq Stockholm  including through a financial intermediary  at a price within the registered price range at the relevant time  to cover any costs for social security contributions in accordance with the terms and conditions of ESOP 2021-2023. The number of shares to be transferred is subject to recalculation in the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events. Item 18 - Resolution on authorization for issuances The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2025  resolve on issuance of shares  convertibles and/or warrants  with or without deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights  and with or without provisions on payment by non-cash consideration and/or by way of set-off or other provisions. However  in the event of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the Board of Directors shall not be authorized to resolve on issues which increase the number of shares by more than fifteen (15) percent in relation to the number of ordinary shares when the authorization was first used. The purpose of the authorization and the reason to propose that the Board of Directors shall be authorized to resolve on issues with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to give the Board of Directors flexibility in the work of ensuring that the Company shall be able to raise capital to finance the operations and to enable continued expansion both organically and through acquisitions of companies and businesses  alternatively to enable a broadening of the ownership of the Company with one or several owners of strategic importance to the Company. An issue in accordance with this authorization shall be on market terms. __________ Special majority requirements For a valid resolution under item 15 and item 18 it is required that the proposal is supported by at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shareholders represented at the annual general meeting. For a valid resolution under item 16b) and item 17  the proposal is required to be supported by at least nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shareholders represented at the annual general meeting. Number of shares and votes As of the date of this notice  there is a total of 292 571 459 shares in the Company. All shares represent one vote. The Company does not hold any shares. Shareholders' right to information Shareholders are reminded of their right to obtain information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. The Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer shall  upon request by any shareholder  and where the Board of Directors believes that such may take place without significant harm to the Company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and the Company's relation to other companies within the group. Provision of documents The annual report and the auditor's report  complete proposals for resolutions  remuneration report in accordance with Chapter 8 Section 53 of the Swedish Companies Act  the auditor's statement in accordance with Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act and all other documents pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company's website www.egetis.com and the Company's office at Klara Norra Kyrkogata 26  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden no later than three weeks before the meeting  i.e. no later than Monday April 15  2024. The documents will be sent free of charge to the shareholders who request this and state their address. The documents will also be available at the general meeting. Handling of personal data Personal data in connection with the annual general meeting will be processed according to the Company's privacy policy  which is available at https://www.egetis.com as well as the privacy policy available at Euroclear's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Stockholm in March 2024 Egetis Therapeutics AB (publ) The Board of Directors Attachments:NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN EGETIS THERAPEUTICS AB PUBL.pdfThis news release was distributed by Company News System  www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/news/marketnoticesTo subscribe on regulatory news from this company  go to the subscription page",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'EGETIS THERAPEUTICS AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'March', '01:42', 'Klara Norra Kyrkogata', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'equivalent authorization document', 'corporate registration number', 'Egetis Therapeutics AB', 'advance voting form', 'voting rights registration', 'telephone number', 'equivalent document', 'special form', 'completed form', 'voting procedure', 'Advance votes', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'Smålandsgatan', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'five years', 'relevant item', 'Such registration', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Monday April', 'equivalent certificate', 'other nominee', 'proxy form', 'record date', 'Thursday April', 'signed power', 'legal person', 'registration certificate', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'state name', 'The Company', 'CET', 'Notice', 'PUBL', 'shareholders', 'reg.', 'May', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'CEST', 'Participation', 'venue', 'order', 'address', 'mail', 'info', 'personal', 'shareholding', 'written', 'dated', 'representative', 'website', 'authority', 'circumstances', 'accordance', 'notification', 'account', 'attorney', 'period', 'validity', 'maximum', 'issue', 'copy', 'request', 'conditions', 'extent', 'casted', 'regard', 'agenda', 'bank']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38486,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KURITA-WATER-INDUSTRIES-L-6491960/news/Kurita-Water-Industries-Presentation-1-46MB-46317080/,Kurita Water Industries : Presentation (1.46MB) -March 29  2024 at 02:36 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Kurita Water Industries Ltd.   Shareholder Relations Meeting for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31  2024      February - March 2024   Contents   I   Kurita Group Overviewp 1- 3   II  ...https://www.marketscreener.…,"Kurita Water Industries Ltd.Shareholder Relations Meeting for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31  2024(Securities code: 6370)February - March 2024ContentsIKurita Group Overviewp 1- 3IISustainability Initiativesp 4 -22IIIMedium-Term Management Plan PSV-27 (Pioneering Shared Value 2027)p23-27IVCorporate Governance Initiativesp28-38IKurita Group OverviewCompany Overview & Shareholder CompositionCompany Overview◼ Name : Kurita Water Industries Ltd. ◼ Representative : Hirohiko Ejiri  President and Representative Executive Officer ◼ Date of Establishment : July 13  1949 ◼ Location : Nakano Central Park East  10-1  Nakano 4-chome  Nakano-ku  Tokyo ◼ Fiscal Year-end : March 31 ◼ Stock Exchange Listing : Tokyo Stock Exchange  Prime Market : ¥ 13 450 751 434 ◼ Paid-in Capital ◼ Issued Common Stock : 116 200 694 shares ◼ Number of Shareholders : 21 805 (As of September 30  2023) Shareholding RatioTreasury Stock 3.05%(As of September 30  2023)Shareholder Composition (Top 10) (As of September 30  2023)Rank Shareholder Shares (thousand) Ratio 1 The Master Trust Bank of Japan  Ltd. (Trust Account) 16 170 800 13.91％ 2 Nippon Life Insurance Company 5 979 883 5.14％ 3 Custody Bank of Japan  Ltd. (Trust Account) 5 924 209 5.09％ 4 Kurita Water Industries Ltd. 3 547 182 3.05％ 5 STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234 2 171 229 1.86％ 6 MUFG Bank  Ltd. 2 056 131 1.76％ 7 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505253 1 702 492 1.46％ 8 CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 1 506 507 1.29％ 9 JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385781 1 499 708 1.29％ 10 Resona Bank  Limited. 1 417 323 1.21％ * Custody Bank of Japan  Ltd. (Trust Account) includes 220 809 shares of treasury stock for stock compensation plan for the officers of the Company and for certain officers of the major domestic Group companies.Corporate Philosophy and Philosophy System⚫ Deepen understanding of frontline sites ⚫ Exceed expectationsStudy the properties of water  master them  and we will create an environment in which nature and humanity are in harmonyPioneering ""new value for water"" to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society⚫ Elevate and connect expertise ⚫ Maintain unwavering integrityNew Stage of Creating Shared ValueBased on the foundation of providing social value by making full use of ""water knowledge"" and solving to customers' issues  we are moving to the stage of pioneering new businesses and markets based on social value.ⅡSustainability InitiativesThe Kurita Group's MaterialityPositioning sustainability at the core of our management strategy and identifying key issues to realize our Corporate VisionTheme Materiality Contributions to the SDGs Shared Value Themes Solve issues related to water resources Contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society Contribute to building a circular economy society Basic Themes Develop and disseminate innovative products  technologies  and business models Strategic development and utilization of human resources Provide highly safe and quality products and services Conduct business activities respecting human rights Conduct fair business activitiesMedium-Term Management Plan PSV-27 and the Kurita Group's MaterialityKurita's Universal VisionCorporate PhilosophyCorporate VisionEnhancement of Corporate ValueCreating Shared ValueMaterialityShared Value Themes⚫ Solve issues related to water resources⚫ Contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society⚫ Contribute to building a circular economy societyBasic Themes⚫ Develop and disseminate innovative products  technologies  and business models⚫ Strategic development and utilization of human resources⚫ Provide highly safe and quality products and services⚫ Conduct business activities respecting human rights⚫ Conduct fair business activitiesCorporate Governance*1 Targets to be achieved by the fiscal year ending March 31  2028 *2 Compared to the fiscal year ended March 31  2023Promoting System and PDCASustainability Committee promote and manage each responsible department's action for achieving its metrics and targetsConsultChair: Executive General Manager  Sustainability Division Committee members: Appointed from each division Secretariat: General Manager  ESG Integration Department; General Manager  Ethics & Integrity DepartmentAdviseSustainability CommitteeReportOrganizations in Charge*Promote & ManageSustainability Advisory CouncilVarious CommitteesInternational InitiativesEach Division of Kurita Water Industries Group Companies * Department responsible for promoting materiality initiatives for each metricActivity planThe Kurita Group's Materiality1. Solve issues related to water resources2. Contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society3. Contribute to building a circular economy societyShared value themesActivities4. Develop and disseminate innovative products  technologies  and business models5. Strategic development and utilization of human resources6. Provide highly safe and quality products and services7. Conduct business activities respecting human rights8. Conduct fair business activities",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['Kurita Water Industries', 'Presentation', 'March', '02', 'Advise Sustainability Committee Report Organizations', 'IKurita Group Overview Company Overview', '5 STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT', 'Kurita Water Industries Group Companies', 'circular economy society Basic Themes', 'major domestic Group companies', '8 CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.', '2 Nippon Life Insurance Company', 'Nakano Central Park East', 'JP MORGAN CHASE BANK', 'Shareholder Composition Company Overview', 'Kurita Water Industries Ltd.', 'III Medium-Term Management Plan', 'SDGs Shared Value Themes', 'The Master Trust Bank', 'Sustainability Division Committee members', 'Shareholding Ratio Treasury Stock', '7 STATE STREET BANK', 'The Kurita Group', 'Kurita Group Overviewp', 'Shareholder Relations Meeting', '◼ Stock Exchange Listing', 'stock compensation plan', 'Sustainability Advisory Council', 'Pioneering Shared Value', 'Shared value themesActivities', 'IVCorporate Governance Initiativesp28', 'Corporate PhilosophyCorporate VisionEnhancement', 'Representative Executive Officer', 'ESG Integration Department', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'Theme Materiality Contributions', 'Executive General Manager', 'Rank Shareholder Shares', 'fair business activities', 'Shared Value Materiality', 'TRUST COMPANY', 'Nakano 4-chome', '3 Custody Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Resona Bank', 'management strategy', 'Activity plan', 'Common Stock', 'Sustainability Initiativesp', 'sustainable society', 'ⅡSustainability Initiatives', 'decarbonized society', 'new value', 'social value', 'water knowledge', 'water resources', 'Trust Account', 'business models', 'Corporate ValueCreating', 'Fiscal Year', 'Securities code', 'Hirohiko Ejiri', 'Prime Market', 'Philosophy System', 'frontline sites', 'unwavering integrity', 'full use', 'new businesses', 'innovative products', 'Strategic development', 'quality products', 'Universal Vision', 'Promoting System', 'responsible department', 'Consult Chair', 'Integrity Department', 'Various Committees', 'International Initiatives', 'human resources', 'human rights', 'materiality initiatives', 'New Stage', ""customers' issues"", 'key issues', '200,694 shares', '220,809 shares', 'February', 'March', 'Contents', '◼ Name', 'President', 'Date', 'Establishment', 'July', '◼ Location', 'Nakano-ku', 'Capital', 'Number', 'Shareholders', 'September', 'Japan', 'TREATY', 'officers', 'understanding', 'expectations', 'properties', 'environment', 'nature', 'humanity', 'harmony', 'realization', 'expertise', 'foundation', 'markets', 'core', 'technologies', 'utilization', 'safe', 'services', 'Targets', 'PDCA', 'action', 'metrics', 'Secretariat', 'Ethics', 'Charge', '⚫']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38487,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-Euronext-publishes-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46319679/,Euronext N : Euronext publishes its 2023 Universal Registration Document -March 29  2024 at 08:05 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Euronext N.V.   Euronext N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date28 mar 2024 - 17:55   Statuto…,Euronext N.V. is a pan-European exchange group operating regulated markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. Euronext N.V. also operates non-regulated activities in 16 countries across the world. Euronext N.V. is listed in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels and Lisbon since 2014. Euronext N.V. is the leading listing and trading venue in Europe with EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization at the end of 2023  close to 1 930 listed companies and the largest liquidity pool in Europe. Euronext N.V. provides advanced market data services and a range of indices and index solutions  including the AEX  CAC40  BEL 20  ISEQ 20  PSI 20  and OBX  as well as a large set of ESG indices  such as CAC40 ESG or MIB ESG. Euronext N.V.'s proprietary trading platform  Optiq®  offers cutting-edge solutions to both trading and technology clients. Euronext N.V. offers clients innovative corporate and investors services. Euronext N.V. also operates Euronext FX in the United States and in Singapore and two spot FX matching engines in Tokyo and London.Related indices STOXX EUROPE 600 (EUR),neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext N', 'March', '08:05', 'EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization', 'two spot FX matching engines', 'advanced market data services', 'pan-European exchange group', 'largest liquidity pool', 'Euronext N.V.', 'proprietary trading platform', 'Euronext FX', 'investors services', 'regulated markets', 'leading listing', 'trading venue', '1,930 listed companies', 'index solutions', 'large set', 'MIB ESG', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'innovative corporate', 'United States', 'ESG indices', 'Related indices', 'CAC40 ESG', 'technology clients', 'STOXX EUROPE', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', '16 countries', 'world', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'range', 'AEX', 'ISEQ', 'PSI', 'OBX', 'Optiq®', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'London']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38488,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-Euronext-to-acquire-Global-Rate-Set-Systems-to-strengthen-its-index-franchise-46319696/,Euronext N : Euronext to acquire Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen its index franchise -March 29  2024 at 08:08 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Euronext N.V.   Euronext N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date29 mar 2024 - 07:53   Statuto…,Euronext N.V. is a pan-European exchange group operating regulated markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. Euronext N.V. also operates non-regulated activities in 16 countries across the world. Euronext N.V. is listed in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels and Lisbon since 2014. Euronext N.V. is the leading listing and trading venue in Europe with EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization at the end of 2023  close to 1 930 listed companies and the largest liquidity pool in Europe. Euronext N.V. provides advanced market data services and a range of indices and index solutions  including the AEX  CAC40  BEL 20  ISEQ 20  PSI 20  and OBX  as well as a large set of ESG indices  such as CAC40 ESG or MIB ESG. Euronext N.V.'s proprietary trading platform  Optiq®  offers cutting-edge solutions to both trading and technology clients. Euronext N.V. offers clients innovative corporate and investors services. Euronext N.V. also operates Euronext FX in the United States and in Singapore and two spot FX matching engines in Tokyo and London.Related indices STOXX EUROPE 600 (EUR),neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Global Rate Set Systems', 'index franchise', 'Euronext N', 'March', '08', 'EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization', 'two spot FX matching engines', 'advanced market data services', 'pan-European exchange group', 'largest liquidity pool', 'Euronext N.V.', 'proprietary trading platform', 'Euronext FX', 'investors services', 'regulated markets', 'leading listing', 'trading venue', '1,930 listed companies', 'index solutions', 'large set', 'MIB ESG', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'innovative corporate', 'United States', 'ESG indices', 'Related indices', 'CAC40 ESG', 'technology clients', 'STOXX EUROPE', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', '16 countries', 'world', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'range', 'AEX', 'ISEQ', 'PSI', 'OBX', 'Optiq®', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'London']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38489,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-Convening-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Euronext-N-V-46319678/,Euronext N : Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V -March 29  2024 at 08:05 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Euronext N.V.   Euronext N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date28 mar 2024 - 18:26   Statuto…,Euronext N.V. is a pan-European exchange group operating regulated markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. Euronext N.V. also operates non-regulated activities in 16 countries across the world. Euronext N.V. is listed in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels and Lisbon since 2014. Euronext N.V. is the leading listing and trading venue in Europe with EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization at the end of 2023  close to 1 930 listed companies and the largest liquidity pool in Europe. Euronext N.V. provides advanced market data services and a range of indices and index solutions  including the AEX  CAC40  BEL 20  ISEQ 20  PSI 20  and OBX  as well as a large set of ESG indices  such as CAC40 ESG or MIB ESG. Euronext N.V.'s proprietary trading platform  Optiq®  offers cutting-edge solutions to both trading and technology clients. Euronext N.V. offers clients innovative corporate and investors services. Euronext N.V. also operates Euronext FX in the United States and in Singapore and two spot FX matching engines in Tokyo and London.Related indices STOXX EUROPE 600 (EUR),neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V', 'March', 'EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization', 'two spot FX matching engines', 'advanced market data services', 'pan-European exchange group', 'largest liquidity pool', 'Euronext N.V.', 'proprietary trading platform', 'Euronext FX', 'investors services', 'regulated markets', 'leading listing', 'trading venue', '1,930 listed companies', 'index solutions', 'large set', 'MIB ESG', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'innovative corporate', 'United States', 'ESG indices', 'Related indices', 'CAC40 ESG', 'technology clients', 'STOXX EUROPE', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', '16 countries', 'world', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'range', 'AEX', 'ISEQ', 'PSI', 'OBX', 'Optiq®', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'London']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38490,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854800/0/en/Results-of-the-Special-Shareholders-Meeting.html,Results of the Special Shareholders’ Meeting,Press release – regulated information          Ghent  BELGIUM  March  29  2024  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or......,Press release – regulated informationGhent  BELGIUM  March 29  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrols for sustainable crop protection  held a special shareholders' meeting today at 15:00 CET at the Company’s seat. The shareholders approved both items on the agenda of the meeting. All documents relating to the shareholders’ meetings can be consulted on the website of the Company. The minutes will be made available in due course.-END-For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Special Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Results', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'safer food supply', 'sustainable crop protection', ""special shareholders' meeting"", 'Agricultural Technology', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'Press release', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'due course', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Investor Relations', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'March', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'Company', 'AgTech', '15:00 CET', 'seat', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'minutes', 'Head', 'Communications', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', '9']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38491,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-to-acquire-Global-Rate-Set-Systems-to-strengthen-its-index-franchise-46317105/,Euronext to acquire Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen its index franchise,(marketscreener.com) Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614   Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10   Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45    …,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext to acquire Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen its index franchiseAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 29 March 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS)  a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators. This acquisition significantly strengthens the Euronext index franchise adding very strong capabilities in contributed data indices and data from a highly respected provider.Founded in 2009 and headquartered in New Zealand  GRSS is a mission-critical service provider to the benchmark administrators that produce three of Europe’s critical interest rate benchmarks: EURIBOR® (global  the world’s largest benchmark)  STIBOR® (Sweden) and NIBOR® (Norway). GRSS also owns and operates two regulated benchmark administrators that produce CIBOR® (Denmark) and PRIBOR (Czech Republic)  and a benchmark administrator that produces the TAB  TADO and ICP indices (Chile). GRSS provides a complete solution for developing  operating  and monetising benchmarks  indices  and other forms of regulated or unregulated market data.The acquisition of GRSS further diversifies and strengthens Euronext’s index franchise  positioning the Group as a leading player for calculating and administrating Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) indices. In partnership with GRSS management and its founder  Euronext aims to reinforce the positioning of GRSS to become the go-to provider in the contributed data and indices space  leveraging on Euronext’s global leadership and recognition. This acquisition contributes to the growth of Euronext’s fixed and subscription-based revenue.The transaction complies with Euronext capital allocation policy  with a ROCE expected to exceed WACC between years three to five after closing. The transaction will be fully financed with existing cash and will not impact Euronext’s deleveraging path. The completion of the transaction is expected in Q2 2024 and is subject to the usual regulatory approvals.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“The acquisition of Global Rate Set Systems is a new milestone in broadening the Euronext data and indices offering. Euronext is today one of the leading providers of flagship equity indices  such as the CAC 40®  AEX® and OBX®. This transaction allows us to further expand Euronext’s offering to interest rate benchmark indices and contributed data indices.GRSS has a strong track record of continued revenue growth and high-quality service. We are glad to welcome to Euronext the existing GRSS management team  who will contribute to taking GRSS to the next step and further globally expand Euronext’s index capabilities.”Craig McIvor  Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of GRSS  said:“The acquisition by Euronext of a majority stake in GRSS underlines the high quality of its services towards customers. The GRSS management team is very excited about this acquisition and sees strong benefits and growth opportunities arising from being part of Euronext. Euronext already has a leading position in the equity indices space  which GRSS will complement by contributing GRSS’ expertise in interest rate benchmarks and contributed data indices.”ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 p ortugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Global Rate Set Systems', 'index franchise', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'Global Rate Set Systems', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'critical interest rate benchmarks', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'The GRSS management team', 'interest rate benchmark indices', 'Euronext capital allocation policy', 'existing GRSS management team', 'two regulated benchmark administrators', 'Interbank Offered Rate', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', 'usual regulatory approvals', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'international client base', 'global capital markets', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'strong track record', 'strong diverse domestic', 'unregulated market data', 'flagship equity indices', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'equity indices space', 'continued revenue growth', 'mission-critical service provider', 'Dublin Andrea Monzani', 'Euronext index franchise', 'global leadership', 'market capitalisation', 'share capital', 'monetising benchmarks', 'existing cash', 'transparent equity', 'largest benchmark', 'leading player', 'leading providers', 'leading position', 'strong capabilities', 'subscription-based revenue', 'high-quality service', 'strong benefits', 'derivatives markets', 'ICP indices', 'IBOR) indices', 'index capabilities', 'data indices', 'New Zealand', 'Czech Republic', 'complete solution', 'other forms', 'deleveraging path', 'Managing Board', 'new milestone', 'next step', 'Craig McIvor', 'majority stake', 'high quality', 'growth opportunities', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'regulated exchanges', 'end December', 'indices offering', 'GRSS’ expertise', 'Euronext data', 'Milan', 'Paris', '29 March', 'agreement', 'acquisition', 'respected', 'EURIBOR®', 'world', 'STIBOR', 'Sweden', 'NIBOR', 'Norway', 'CIBOR®', 'Denmark', 'PRIBOR', 'TAB', 'TADO', 'Chile', 'operating', 'Group', 'partnership', 'founder', 'positioning', 'recognition', 'fixed', 'transaction', 'ROCE', 'WACC', 'years', 'closing', 'completion', 'Q2', 'Chairman', 'CAC 40®', 'AEX®', 'OBX®', 'customers', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'mediateam', 'brusselspressoffice', 'dublinpressoffice', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'close', '02']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38492,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854622/0/en/Euronext-to-acquire-Global-Rate-Set-Systems-to-strengthen-its-index-franchise.html,Euronext to acquire Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen its index franchise,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 17  Dublin  +39 02 72 42 62 13  Lisbon...,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext to acquire Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen its index franchiseAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 29 March 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS)  a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators. This acquisition significantly strengthens the Euronext index franchise adding very strong capabilities in contributed data indices and data from a highly respected provider.Founded in 2009 and headquartered in New Zealand  GRSS is a mission-critical service provider to the benchmark administrators that produce three of Europe’s critical interest rate benchmarks: EURIBOR® (global  the world’s largest benchmark)  STIBOR® (Sweden) and NIBOR® (Norway). GRSS also owns and operates two regulated benchmark administrators that produce CIBOR® (Denmark) and PRIBOR (Czech Republic)  and a benchmark administrator that produces the TAB  TADO and ICP indices (Chile). GRSS provides a complete solution for developing  operating  and monetising benchmarks  indices  and other forms of regulated or unregulated market data.The acquisition of GRSS further diversifies and strengthens Euronext’s index franchise  positioning the Group as a leading player for calculating and administrating Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) indices. In partnership with GRSS management and its founder  Euronext aims to reinforce the positioning of GRSS to become the go-to provider in the contributed data and indices space  leveraging on Euronext’s global leadership and recognition. This acquisition contributes to the growth of Euronext’s fixed and subscription-based revenue.The transaction complies with Euronext capital allocation policy  with a ROCE expected to exceed WACC between years three to five after closing. The transaction will be fully financed with existing cash and will not impact Euronext’s deleveraging path. The completion of the transaction is expected in Q2 2024 and is subject to the usual regulatory approvals.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“The acquisition of Global Rate Set Systems is a new milestone in broadening the Euronext data and indices offering. Euronext is today one of the leading providers of flagship equity indices  such as the CAC 40®  AEX® and OBX®. This transaction allows us to further expand Euronext’s offering to interest rate benchmark indices and contributed data indices.GRSS has a strong track record of continued revenue growth and high-quality service. We are glad to welcome to Euronext the existing GRSS management team  who will contribute to taking GRSS to the next step and further globally expand Euronext’s index capabilities.”Craig McIvor  Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of GRSS  said:“The acquisition by Euronext of a majority stake in GRSS underlines the high quality of its services towards customers. The GRSS management team is very excited about this acquisition and sees strong benefits and growth opportunities arising from being part of Euronext. Euronext already has a leading position in the equity indices space  which GRSS will complement by contributing GRSS’ expertise in interest rate benchmarks and contributed data indices.”ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Global Rate Set Systems', 'index franchise', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'Global Rate Set Systems', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'critical interest rate benchmarks', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'The GRSS management team', 'interest rate benchmark indices', 'Euronext capital allocation policy', 'existing GRSS management team', 'two regulated benchmark administrators', 'Interbank Offered Rate', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', 'usual regulatory approvals', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'international client base', 'global capital markets', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'strong track record', 'strong diverse domestic', 'unregulated market data', 'flagship equity indices', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'equity indices space', 'continued revenue growth', 'mission-critical service provider', 'Dublin Andrea Monzani', 'Euronext index franchise', 'global leadership', 'market capitalisation', 'share capital', 'monetising benchmarks', 'existing cash', 'transparent equity', 'largest benchmark', 'strong capabilities', 'subscription-based revenue', 'high-quality service', 'strong benefits', 'derivatives markets', 'leading player', 'leading providers', 'leading position', 'ICP indices', 'IBOR) indices', 'index capabilities', 'data indices', 'New Zealand', 'Czech Republic', 'complete solution', 'other forms', 'deleveraging path', 'Managing Board', 'new milestone', 'next step', 'Craig McIvor', 'majority stake', 'high quality', 'growth opportunities', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'regulated exchanges', 'end December', 'indices offering', 'GRSS’ expertise', 'Euronext data', 'Milan', 'Paris', '29 March', 'agreement', 'acquisition', 'respected', 'EURIBOR®', 'world', 'STIBOR', 'Sweden', 'NIBOR', 'Norway', 'CIBOR®', 'Denmark', 'PRIBOR', 'TAB', 'TADO', 'Chile', 'operating', 'Group', 'partnership', 'founder', 'positioning', 'recognition', 'fixed', 'transaction', 'ROCE', 'WACC', 'years', 'closing', 'completion', 'Q2', 'Chairman', 'CAC 40®', 'AEX®', 'OBX®', 'customers', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'mediateam', 'brusselspressoffice', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'close', '02']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38493,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854748/0/en/AERKOMM-and-Nasdaq-Listed-IX-Acquisition-Corp-Announce-Merger-Agreement-and-US-35-Million-Private-Placement.html,AERKOMM and Nasdaq-Listed IX Acquisition Corp. Announce Merger Agreement and US $35 Million Private Placement,SILICON VALLEY  Calif.  March 29  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AERKOMM Inc. (Euronext: AKOM  OTCQX: AKOM  “AERKOMM”)  an innovative satellite technology company providing multi-orbit broadband connectivity solutions  and IX Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: IXAQU  “IXAQ”…,"SILICON VALLEY  Calif.  March 29  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AERKOMM Inc. (Euronext: AKOM  OTCQX: AKOM  “AERKOMM”)  an innovative satellite technology company providing multi-orbit broadband connectivity solutions  and IX Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: IXAQU  “IXAQ”)  a SPAC focused on the technology  media and telecommunications industries  have entered into a definitive Business Combination Agreement (“BCA”) and raised US $35 million in a private placement.The combined business will be called AKOM Inc. (“AKOM”) and its ordinary shares are expected to result in AERKOMM transferring its listing from Euronext/OTCQX to Nasdaq under the ticker ""AKOM”  following the closing of the business combination. It is the intention of the combined business to also maintain a secondary listing on Euronext.Transaction highlightsAdjusted enterprise value of AERKOMM is US $200 million  as well as up to US $200 million of earnout shares for the AERKOMM shareholders  if certain milestones are achieved.Transaction supported by a fund-raise of US $35 million common equity PIPE (Private Investment in Public Equity) subscribed concurrently with the signing of the BCA. The PIPE investors consist of new and current shareholders in AERKOMM. There may be more capital raised prior to the business combination  but there is no minimum cash condition for the transaction.Existing AERKOMM shareholders are anticipated to roll 100% of their equity and may own approximately two-thirds of the new combined pro forma AKOM  subject to final amounts of PIPE capital raised and of cash retained in IXAQ trust.The Nasdaq-listing is intended to enable AKOM to execute its strategy to provide carrier-neutral and software-defined infrastructure to deliver mission-critical  multi-orbit satellite broadband connectivity.Completion of the transaction is expected in Q3 2024  which is subject to SEC review  to approval by IXAQ and AERKOMM shareholders and to the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions.AERKOMM is an innovative satellite technology company  providing carrier-neutral and software-defined infrastructure for multi-orbit  end-to-end satellite broadband connectivity  serving both public and private sectors  including Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications. AERKOMM has a range of next-generation satellite technologies that offer broadband connectivity by collaborating with satellite partners and mobile network operators to link users and platforms on the edge to core infrastructure hubs.AERKOMM has established a strong engagement with leading satellite constellation operators spanning multiple orbits  including low-earth orbit (LEO)  medium-earth orbit (MEO)  geostationary earth orbit (GEO) and highly elliptical orbit (HEO). Additionally  AERKOMM’s technology is currently being implemented in the Aerospace & Defense market  having been tested live in selected defense assets.AERKOMM is developing partnerships with both public and private sector clients that have increasing demands for multi-beam and multi-orbit satellite communications solutions.AERKOMM holds a strong market position. Its target markets  Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications  are expected to grow from c. $20bn to c. $60bn by 2030 (Sources: Fortune Business Insights  Boeing 2023 Annual Report  NSR Report  Teal Group).AERKOMM has considerable technical expertise with executives and innovators drawn from semi-conductors  aerospace  defense  telecoms dual-use and satellite communications sectors.AERKOMM’s strong capabilities deliver differentiated solutions:High throughput. AERKOMM’s semiconductor glass antenna transmits and receives 50% Mbps more throughput per square-inch compared to previous state-of-the-art satellite broadband terminals.Interoperability. AERKOMM’s universal terminals  including multi-orbit glass semiconductor antennas and software-defined radio modems  provide carrier-neutral broadband connectivity. These terminals are designed to meet the diverse needs of users across various sectors  delivering high-quality connectivity and performance.Virtualization. AERKOMM’s software-defined core network waveforms integrate satellites and constellations across all major orbits  as well as advanced 5G and emerging 6G non-terrestrial networks (NTN). This approach enhances flexibility  scalability and efficiency  allowing for dynamic adaptation to evolving communication needs.Louis Giordimaina  AERKOMM Chief Executive commented:“We are delighted to be collaborating with the IXAQ team  who bring considerable sector and financial experience and expertise. We will benefit from the resources of the IXAQ team  who also have a proven track record in the international technology  media and telecoms sectors.“We are well positioned to address extremely fast-growing markets – Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications. We are developing a range of pioneering multi-orbit satellite technologies with the capability to provide end-to-end broadband connectivity in collaboration with our satellite partners.“In the defense sector  we have been leveraging our team’s long-time focus on commercial aviation to demonstrate applications for satellite communications for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Our technology is achieving positive results in real-world settings and we anticipate commencing our first major contract in 2024. We will also continue to invest in our talent and partnerships as we position our technology to scale-up.”Karen Bach  IXAQ Chief Executive commented:“We launched IXAQ with a team of executives from the digital infrastructure and telecommunications sectors in order to add value to the management teams of our target company – in AERKOMM we have found the right opportunity.“Switching AERKOMM’s listing to Nasdaq and combining with our team of experienced operators will support the business to rapidly evolve into an institutional-grade company that is well-positioned to capitalize on the numerous opportunities in its expanding markets.”Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  both as amended. Statements that are not historical facts  including statements about the pending transactions among IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc. (IXAQ’s subsidiary for the purpose of affecting the transaction)  and AKOM and the transactions contemplated thereby  and the parties’ perspectives and expectations  are forward-looking statements. Such statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the proposed transaction  including the anticipated initial enterprise value and post-closing equity value  the benefits of the proposed transaction  integration plans  expected synergies and revenue opportunities  anticipated future financial and operating performance and results  including estimates for growth  the expected management and governance of the combined company  and the expected timing of the transactions. The words “expect ” “believe ” “estimate ” “intend ” “plan” and similar expressions indicate forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  assumptions (including assumptions about general economic  market  industry and operational factors)  known or unknown  which could cause the actual results to vary materially from those indicated or anticipated.Such risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to: (i) risks related to the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the pending transaction  including the risk that the transaction may not close due to one or more closing conditions to the transaction not being satisfied or waived  such as regulatory approvals not being obtained  on a timely basis or otherwise  or that a governmental entity prohibited  delayed or refused to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction or required certain conditions  limitations or restrictions in connection with such approvals; (ii) risks related to the ability of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM to successfully integrate the businesses; (iii) the occurrence of any event  change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the applicable transaction agreements; (iv) the risk that there may be a material adverse change with respect to the financial position  performance  operations or prospects of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  or AKOM; (v) risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the proposed transaction; (vi) the risk that any announcements relating to the proposed transaction could have adverse effects on the market price of IXAQ’s securities; (vii) the risk that the proposed transaction and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their suppliers and customers and on their operating results and businesses generally; (viii) the risk that the combined company may be unable to achieve cost-cutting synergies or it may take longer than expected to achieve those synergies; and (ix) risks associated with the financing of the proposed transaction. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties can be found in IXAQ’s IPO prospectus filed with the SEC and in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed with the SEC by IXAQ in connection with the proposed transactions  and other documents that the parties may file or furnish with the SEC  which you are encouraged to read. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate only to the date they were made  and IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM and their subsidiaries undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made except as required by law or applicable regulation.Additional Information and Where to Find ItIn connection with the transaction described herein  IXAQ will file relevant materials with the SEC  including the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and a proxy statement/prospectus. The proxy statement/prospectus and a proxy card will be mailed to shareholders of IXAQ as of a record date to be established for voting at the shareholders’ meeting relating to the proposed transactions. Shareholders will also be able to obtain a copy of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus without charge from IXAQ. The Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus  once available  may also be obtained without charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by writing to IXAQ at 53 Davies Street  W1K 5JH United Kingdom. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF IXAQ ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS THAT IXAQ WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT IXAQ  AKOM MERGER SUB  AKOM AND THE TRANSACTIONS.Participants in SolicitationThe AKOM Merger Sub and the AKOM and certain shareholders of IXAQ  and their respective directors  executive officers and employees and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the holders of IXAQ ordinary shares in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about IXAQ’s directors and executive officers and their ownership of IXAQ’s ordinary shares is set forth in IXAQ’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC. Other information regarding the interests of the participants in the proxy solicitation will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus pertaining to the proposed transaction when it becomes available. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.No Offer or SolicitationThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer  solicitation  or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or an exemption therefrom. This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of the regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). The securities of AERKOMM admitting for trading on the professional segment (compartiment professionnel) of the regulated market of Euronext Paris are addressed solely to Qualified Investors  as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation and in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Code monétaire et financier.An image accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/50c83560-dd69-4ad8-bf8f-cf6d01b5234b",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Nasdaq-Listed IX Acquisition Corp', 'US $35 Million Private Placement', 'Announce Merger Agreement', 'AERKOMM', 'US $35 million common equity PIPE', 'mission-critical, multi-orbit satellite broadband connectivity', 'new combined pro forma AKOM', 'emerging 6G non-terrestrial networks', 'leading satellite constellation operators', 'multi-orbit glass semiconductor antennas', 'other customary closing conditions', 'multi-orbit satellite communications solutions', 'multi-orbit broadband connectivity solutions', 'innovative satellite technology company', 'software-defined core network waveforms', 'art satellite broadband terminals', 'definitive Business Combination Agreement', 'end satellite broadband connectivity', 'multi-orbit satellite technologies', 'mobile network operators', 'semiconductor glass antenna', 'end broadband connectivity', 'next-generation satellite technologies', 'satellite communications sectors', 'IX Acquisition Corp', 'The PIPE investors', 'core infrastructure hubs', 'software-defined radio modems', 'carrier-neutral broadband connectivity', 'Fortune Business Insights', 'Boeing 2023 Annual Report', 'geostationary earth orbit', 'minimum cash condition', 'strong market position', 'private sector clients', 'Transaction highlights Adjusted', 'considerable technical expertise', 'AERKOMM Chief Executive', 'Existing AERKOMM shareholders', 'combined business', 'satellite partners', 'differentiated solutions', 'high-quality connectivity', 'software-defined infrastructure', 'considerable sector', 'PIPE capital', 'The Nasdaq-listing', 'private sectors', 'NSR Report', 'international technology', 'strong engagement', 'strong capabilities', 'universal terminals', 'private placement', 'Private Investment', 'current shareholders', 'low-earth orbit', 'medium-earth orbit', 'elliptical orbit', 'various sectors', 'SILICON VALLEY', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'telecommunications industries', 'enterprise value', 'Public Equity', 'final amounts', 'SEC review', 'Civilian Telecommunications', 'multiple orbits', 'increasing demands', 'target markets', 'Teal Group', 'previous state', 'diverse needs', 'major orbits', 'advanced 5G', 'dynamic adaptation', 'communication needs', 'Louis Giordimaina', 'financial experience', 'track record', 'growing markets', 'Defense market', 'telecoms sectors', 'IXAQ trust', 'IXAQ team', 'ordinary shares', 'secondary listing', 'High throughput', 'defense assets', 'defense sect', 'AERKOMM Inc.', 'Calif.', 'March', 'Euronext', 'OTCQX', 'IXAQU', 'SPAC', 'media', 'BCA', 'ticker', 'intention', 'earnout', 'milestones', 'fund-raise', 'signing', 'two-thirds', 'strategy', 'Completion', 'Q3', 'approval', 'satisfaction', 'range', 'users', 'platforms', 'edge', 'LEO', 'MEO', 'HEO', 'partnerships', 'multi-beam', 'Sources', 'executives', 'innovators', 'semi-conductors', 'dual-use', '50% Mbps', 'square-inch', 'Interoperability', 'performance', 'Virtualization', 'satellites', 'constellations', 'NTN', 'approach', 'flexibility', 'scalability', 'efficiency', 'pioneering', 'capability', 'collaboration']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38494,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PORTOBELLO-S-P-A-44954066/news/Portobello-S-p-A-acquires-the-remaining-49-of-PB-Retail-S-r-l-a-company-of-the-group-that-manag-46320502/,Portobello S p A : acquires the remaining 49% of PB Retail S.r.l.  a company of the group that manages 23 retail outlets. -March 29  2024 at 12:12 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   PORTOBELLO acquires the remaining 49% of PB Retail S.r.l.  a company of the group that manages 23 Portobello retail outlets.   Rome  March 29  2024   Portobello S.p.A.   a company listed on the Euronext Growth…,"PRESS RELEASEPORTOBELLO acquires the remaining 49% of PB Retail S.r.l.  a company of the group that manages 23 Portobello retail outlets.Rome  March 29  2024Portobello S.p.A. (""Portobello"" or the ""Company"")  a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market that operates through barter activities in the publishing and advertising sector and owns the namesake retail chain and the ePRICE portal  announces that today the Company has signed a deed of purchase aimed at acquiring the remaining 49% of the capital of PB RETAIL S.r.l. from PROJECT GS S.A.Portobello already held 51% of the capital of PB Retail S.r.l.  and the agreement provides for a payment in multiple tranches  partly in cash for an amount of approximately Euro 744 thousand  paid in cash  and partly through 53 100 ordinary Portobello shares  for a total counter value of approximately Euro 1.27 million. The ordinary Portobello shares  representing about 0.99% of the company's share capital  based on the negotiation between the parties  have been valued at a sale price per share of €10.00.With this transaction  the Company acquires the entire capital of a strategic asset  as it is the vehicle that currently manages 23 Portobello stores in major Italian shopping centers.In 2022  PB Retail S.r.l. recorded a Production Value of Euro 15.1 million  a negative Gross Operating Margin of 4.5 million euros  Debts for Euro 13.8 million  and a total asset of Euro 8.7 million.It should be noted that the transaction does not fall among the significant operations referred to in Article 12 of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers Regulation.The press release is available online atwww.portobellospa.comin the Investor Relations section and at www.1info.it.****Portobello S.p.A. founded in Rome in 2016 and listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  operates through 3 Business Units active in the Media & Advertising  Retail and B2B sectors. The Company deals with the resale of advertising space  either owned or purchased from third parties  for monetary consideration or through the barter system. The Company is part of the Portobello Group  which owns and operates a chain of own-brand shops and the e-commerce portal ePRICE.Contacts",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.48,0.5,True,English,"['PB Retail S.r.l.', 'Portobello S', '23 retail outlets', 'company', 'group', 'March', '12:12', 'PB Retail S.r.l.', 'Euronext Growth Milan Issuers Regulation', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'PROJECT GS S.A.', 'major Italian shopping centers', 'negative Gross Operating Margin', 'Portobello S.p.A.', '23 Portobello retail outlets', 'Investor Relations section', 'namesake retail chain', '53,100 ordinary Portobello shares', 'total counter value', 'Production Value', 'total asset', '23 Portobello stores', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'barter activities', 'ePRICE portal', 'multiple tranches', 'sale price', 'strategic asset', '4.5 million euros', 'significant operations', '3 Business Units', 'B2B sectors', 'monetary consideration', 'barter system', 'brand shops', 'Portobello Group', 'advertising sector', 'advertising space', 'entire capital', 'third parties', 'share capital', 'The Company', 'Rome', 'March', 'publishing', 'deed', 'purchase', 'agreement', 'payment', 'cash', 'amount', 'negotiation', 'transaction', 'vehicle', 'Debts', 'Article', 'portobellospa', 'info', 'Media', 'resale', 'Contacts']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38495,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Results-of-the-Special-Shareholders-Meeting-46320625/,Results of the Special Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Press release – regulated information Ghent  BELGIUM  March 29  2024 --  Biotalys   an Agricultural Technology company developing protein-based biocontrols for sustainable crop protection  held a special shareholders' meeting today at 15:…,Press release – regulated informationGhent  BELGIUM  March 29  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrols for sustainable crop protection  held a special shareholders' meeting today at 15:00 CET at the Company’s seat. The shareholders approved both items on the agenda of the meeting. All documents relating to the shareholders’ meetings can be consulted on the website of the Company. The minutes will be made available in due course.-END-For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"[""Special Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Results', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'safer food supply', 'sustainable crop protection', ""special shareholders' meeting"", 'Agricultural Technology', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'Press release', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'due course', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Investor Relations', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'March', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'Company', 'AgTech', '15:00 CET', 'seat', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'minutes', 'Head', 'Communications', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Attachments', '9']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38496,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854632/0/en/ARGAN-Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric-LARROUMETS-resigned-from-the-Executive-Board.html,ARGAN: Frédéric LARROUMETS resigned from the Executive Board,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  March 29  2024 – 8.45 am                    Mister Frédéric LARROUMETS resigned from ARGAN’s Executive Board   ...,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  March 29  2024 – 8.45 amMister Frédéric LARROUMETSresigned from ARGAN’s Executive BoardARGAN was notified of Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS' resignation from his position as a member of the Executive Board.However  Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS will continue to fully perform his duties as the Director of Asset Management and Investment of the company.Pending his replacement  Mr. Ronan LE LAN  Chairman of the Executive Board  will assume his responsibilities within the Executive Board.Mr. Jean-Claude LE LAN  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  warmly thanks Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS for his dedication as a member of the Executive Boardsince 2014.2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)April 2: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Frédéric LARROUMETS', 'Executive Board', 'ARGAN', ""Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS' resignation"", 'Mister Frédéric LARROUMETS', 'Mr. Ronan LE LAN', 'Mr. Jean-Claude LE LAN', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'French SIIC', 'Net sales', 'Press release', 'Executive Board', 'Asset Management', 'Supervisory Board', '2024 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', '2025 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'continental part', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'development milestones', 'Friday', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'position', 'member', 'duties', 'Director', 'replacement', 'Chairman', 'responsibilities', 'dedication', 'Publication', 'closing', 'April', 'October', 'January', 'market', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '8.45']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38497,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-The-documents-for-the-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-Shareholders-m-46320274/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : The documents for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' meeting are available -March 29  2024 at 10:56 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  anno…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces that the dossier of the Annual Financial Report as at December 31 2023  the Board of Statutory Auditors' Report  the Independent Auditors' Report  the Report on the Remuneration Policy and Remuneration Paid  the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure  the opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors on the Board's proposal of purchase of treasury shares  the Guidelines of the Board of Statutory Auditors on the composition of the new Board of Statutory Auditors and the Explanatory Report on the incentive plan entitled ""Performance Share Plan TIP 2024/2026"" have been filed today.Those documents are available at the Company's registered office  with the mechanism for the central storage used by the Company(www.1info.it)and on the Company's websitewww.tipspa.it under ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders meeting/Documents"".The other documents will be filed within the statutory terms.Milan  March 29  2024TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW AND WITH A LONG-TERM APPROACH. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  APOTECA NATURA  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DIGITAL MAGICS  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  ITALIAN DESIGN BRANDS  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  PRYSMIAN  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA AND VIANOVA.Contacts: Alessandra Gritti CEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail:gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web sitewww.tipspa.it and disclosed by 1InfoSDIR and 1Info Storage system(www.1info.it).",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' meeting"", 'documents', 'March', '10:56', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'Performance Share Plan TIP', 'several excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'diversified industrial group', 'ITALIAN DESIGN BRANDS', 'Annual Financial Report', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', '1Info Storage system', ""Statutory Auditors' Report"", ""Independent Auditors' Report"", 'incentive plan', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', 'central storage', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'statutory terms', 'Explanatory Report', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Remuneration Paid', 'Corporate Governance', 'Ownership Structure', 'treasury shares', 'registered office', 'Shareholders meeting', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'LONG-TERM APPROACH', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'APOTECA NATURA', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'DIGITAL MAGICS', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'TALENT GARDEN', 'Investor Relator', 'web sitewww', 'tip.mi', 'other documents', 'new Board', 'dossier', 'December', 'opinion', 'proposal', 'purchase', 'Guidelines', 'composition', 'Company', 'mechanism', 'websitewww', 'tipspa', 'March', 'VIEW', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'PRYSMIAN', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'SDIR']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38498,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-Frederic-LARROUMETS-resigned-from-the-Executive-Board-46318647/,ARGAN: Frédéric LARROUMETS resigned from the Executive Board -March 29  2024 at 03:45 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  March 29  2024 – 8.45 am Mister Frédéric LARROUMETS resigned from ARGAN’s Executive Board ARGAN was notified of Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS' resignation from his position as a member of the Executive…,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  March 29  2024 – 8.45 amMister Frédéric LARROUMETSresigned from ARGAN’s Executive BoardARGAN was notified of Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS' resignation from his position as a member of the Executive Board.However  Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS will continue to fully perform his duties as the Director of Asset Management and Investment of the company.Pending his replacement  Mr. Ronan LE LAN  Chairman of the Executive Board  will assume his responsibilities within the Executive Board.Mr. Jean-Claude LE LAN  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  warmly thanks Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS for his dedication as a member of the Executive Boardsince 2014.2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)April 2: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.85,0.12,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Frédéric LARROUMETS', 'Executive Board', 'ARGAN', 'March', '03:45', ""Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS' resignation"", 'Mister Frédéric LARROUMETS', 'Mr. Ronan LE LAN', 'Mr. Jean-Claude LE LAN', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'French SIIC', 'Net sales', 'Press release', 'Executive Board', 'Asset Management', 'Supervisory Board', '2024 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', '2025 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'continental part', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'development milestones', 'Friday', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'position', 'member', 'duties', 'Director', 'replacement', 'Chairman', 'responsibilities', 'dedication', 'Publication', 'closing', 'April', 'October', 'January', 'market', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '8.45']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38499,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MIKO-N-V-6106/news/Miko-N-Despite-a-difficult-year-Miko-achieves-record-EBITDA-of-30-million-euros-46318797/,Miko N : Despite a difficult year  Miko achieves record EBITDA of 30 million euros -March 29  2024 at 04:44 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Press release. Regulated information.   Despite a difficult year  Miko achieves record EBITDA of 30 million euros   Turnhout  28 March 2024 - Miko  the Euronext Brussels listed coffee service specialist  announced today that  de…,"Press release. Regulated information.Despite a difficult year  Miko achieves record EBITDA of 30 million eurosTurnhout  28 March 2024 - Miko  the Euronext Brussels listed coffee service specialist  announced today that  despite a difficult year  it closed with a record EBITDA of over 30 million euros.Turnover increased by 8.4% to 289.8 million euros. EBIT  EBITDA and net profit evolved to 6 6 million euros  30 0 million euros and 2 2 million euros  respectively. This is an increase of respectively  107%  15% and 476% compared to 2022. (Adjusted for non-recurring income  the evolution of EBIT  EBITDA and net profit were 202%  16% and 131% respectively). (*) Investments in property  plant and equipment amounted to 26.3 million euros in 2023.Within its traditional core activity  Miko provides a far-reaching coffee service to the out-of-home market  whereby offices  companies  institutions and the hotel and catering industry are completely relieved of their coffee concerns. Within this business  a good growth was achieved across almost the entire line of subsidiaries  both at home and abroad.As recently as May 2023  Miko acquired the German company PROCON  which is based in Magdeburg  and achieves sales of about 1.5 million euros with about 10 employees. PROCON also operates in the out-of-home market  focusing on offices.In November 2023  Miko announced the acquisition of Capriole Coffee Service  a coffee service operator based in The Hague  Netherlands  with also a subsidiary in Kampenhout  Belgium. With some 60 employees  the company achieves sales of more than 12 million euros. The focus is also on the office market. Through this geographical combination  Miko realizes a significant strengthening of its presence in the Benelux. Under the motto ""Care for People  Care for Planet and Care for Product "" Capriole carries everything to do with sustainability very highly. This picture fits perfectly with Miko's strategy.The group's results were negatively affected by the retail segment where the focus is on private label. This division had to contend with wafer-thin margins due to the geopolitical and economic instability that arose in 2022 where increased costs could only be partially passed on. Within retail  this crisis has not yet been digested.Although the 2023 results were under pressure  the Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting to pay a dividend of 1.87 euros gross per share. This is in line with the period before COVID and before the invasion of Ukraine.So says Frans Van Tilborg  CEO of the Miko Group:""Private label in retail remains a struggle  but we continue to see our importance as Miko in the out-of-home market grow  not only in euros  but also in volume. We are pleased that we are meeting this challenge and doing so in a market that remains a victim of out-of-home. Meanwhile  we are significantly strengthening our market position in the Benelux by acquiring the out-of-home business of Beyers at the end of 2022  and of Capriole Coffee Service in November 2023. The fact that we invested 17.9 million euros in coffee machines  the engine of this division  and continue our plans for a state-of-the-art new-build site confirms our positive outlook for the future.""(*) The non-recurring gain refers to the gain on the sale of a land in 2022  and on the repurchase of the Polish coffee service business from Paccor in 2023. The shares of the plastics processing division Miko Pac were sold to Paccor in 2021. For business reasons  this included the coffee service business in Poland. This business was now bought back advantageously under a repurchase arrangement.ABOUT MIKOMiko has been active in coffee service for more than 200 years. The group achieved a turnover of 289.8 million euros in 2023. Miko is an international group with its own companies in Belgium  France  the United Kingdom  the Netherlands  Germany  Denmark  Norway  Sweden  Poland  the Czech Republic  Slovakia  and Australia.END.For further information  please contact:Frans Van Tilborg - CEO Miko Group +32 (0)499 03 70 84More information about Miko can be found atwww.mikogroup.beSCHEDULE 1 - Consolidated annual results Miko GroupIn thousands of euros20232022Revenu 289.797Revenue sale of goods 279.729Revenue leasingRevenue sale of fixed assets9.540 528267.309 253.057 12.745 1.507Other operating income 8.316Gain on bargain purchase 1.5544.399 0Total expenses -293.109Raw materials & consumables used -148.470Employee benefit expense Depreciation and amortization Other operating expenses-80.691 -23.617 -40.331-268.536 -135.911 -71.599 -21.782 -39.244Operating profit before depreciations  interests and taxes6.5583.172Net financial resultFinancial income Financial costs-2.695 91 -2.786-1.874 40 -1.914Profit before taxes3.863Taxes on result1.298-1.416-1.603Net profit of continued operations2.447-305Result discontinued operations00Net profit of the group2.447Attributable to minority interests-305-247-280Attributable to MIKO shareholders2.200-585Weighted average number of sharesBasic earnings per share  attributable to MIKO shareholders (in euro)1.242.000Weighted average number of shares after dilution Diluted earnings per share  attributable to MIKO shareholders (in euro)1 77 1.223.0251 801.242.000-0 47 1.236.234-0 47SCHEDULE 2 - Consolidated overview of comprehensive income",neutral,0.05,0.55,0.4,mixed,0.4,0.19,0.41,True,English,"['difficult year', 'record EBITDA', '30 million euros', 'Miko N', 'March', 'Euronext Brussels listed coffee service specialist', 'Consolidated annual results Miko Group', 'Polish coffee service business', 'reaching coffee service', 'coffee service operator', 'traditional core activity', 'Frans Van Tilborg', 'Employee benefit expense', 'Capriole Coffee Service', 'Other operating expenses', 'Other operating income', 'plastics processing division', 'Net financial result', 'CEO Miko Group', 'coffee concerns', 'coffee machines', 'Financial income', 'Total expenses', 'Operating profit', 'non-recurring income', 'business reasons', 'international group', 'net profit', 'Press release', 'difficult year', 'catering industry', 'good growth', 'The Hague', 'geographical combination', 'significant strengthening', 'private label', 'wafer-thin margins', 'economic instability', 'general meeting', 'new-build site', 'positive outlook', 'United Kingdom', 'Czech Republic', 'Revenue leasing', 'fixed assets', 'bargain purchase', 'Raw materials', 'Financial costs', '30 million euros', '289.8 million euros', '6,6 million euros', '30,0 million euros', '2,2 million euros', '26.3 million euros', '1.5 million euros', '12 million euros', '17.9 million euros', 'Regulated information', 'office market', 'market position', 'More information', 'Revenue sale', 'home business', 'Miko Pac', 'MIKO shareholders', 'record EBITDA', 'entire line', 'German company', 'repurchase arrangement', 'continued operations', 'minority interests', 'retail segment', 'recurring gain', 'home market', '2023 results', '1.87 euros', 'Turnhout', 'Turnover', 'increase', 'evolution', 'Investments', 'property', 'plant', 'equipment', 'offices', 'companies', 'institutions', 'hotel', 'subsidiaries', 'May', 'PROCON', 'Magdeburg', 'sales', '10 employees', 'November', 'acquisition', 'Netherlands', 'subsidiary', 'Kampenhout', 'Belgium', '60 employees', 'focus', 'presence', 'Benelux', 'motto', 'Care', 'People', 'Planet', 'Product', 'everything', 'sustainability', 'picture', 'strategy', 'geopolitical', 'crisis', 'pressure', 'Board', 'Directors', 'dividend', 'period', 'COVID', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'struggle', 'importance', 'volume', 'challenge', 'victim', 'Beyers', 'fact', 'engine', 'plans', 'state', 'art', 'future', 'Paccor', 'shares', 'Poland', '200 years', 'France', 'Germany', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Slovakia', 'Australia', 'mikogroup', 'SCHEDULE', 'thousands', 'goods', 'consumables', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'taxes', '2022', '98', '2.200']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38500,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIDATA-S-P-A-104922929/news/Unidata-S-p-A-Publication-of-the-documentation-for-the-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-Shareholders--46320324/,Unidata S p A : Publication of the documentation for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ meetings -March 29  2024 at 11:26 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PUBLICATION OF THE DOCUMENTATION FOR THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY   SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS   Roma  29 March 2024 - Unidata S.p.A.   telecommunications  cloud and IoT services operator  listed on the Euronext Milan market - STA…,"PUBLICATION OF THE DOCUMENTATION FOR THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARYSHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGSRoma  29 March 2024 - Unidata S.p.A. (UD.MI)  telecommunications  cloud and IoT services operator  listed on the Euronext Milan market - STAR Segment  organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that  on today's date  the following documents have been made available to the public on the websitewww.unidata.it in the Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section:• the notice of call of the ordinary and extraordinary shareholders' meeting of Unidata S.p.A. for May 10  2024  at 10:00 on single call;• an extract of the aforementioned notice of call  published today on the newspaper MF;• the explanatory report of the Board of Directors relating to the second item on the agenda of the shareholders' meeting;• the Annual Financial Report as of 31 December 2023 (prepared in the ESEF format as required by EU Delegated Regulation 2019/815  as well as  on a voluntary basis  in the supplementary PDF format)• the Sustainability Report as of 31 December 2023.The aforementioned documentation is also available at the registered office of the Company and at the authorized storage mechanism ""1info""  available at the addresswww.1info.it.The further documentation relating to the Shareholders' Meeting  required by the applicable legal and regulatory provisions  will be made available to the public within the legal and regulatory terms by deposit at the registered office  on the company's website  as well as on the storage mechanism ""1info"".****This press release is available on Borsa Italiana  on the ""1info"" storage mechanism(www.1info.it)and on the Company's websitewww.unidata.it in the Investors/Press Releases section.*******Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.For further information: UNIDATA S.p.A.Roberto GIACOMETTICFO ed Investor Relations Officer +39 329 2478696r.giacometti@unidata.itInvestor Relations Advisor CDR COMMUNICATION Silvia DI ROSA +39 335 78 64 209silvia.dirosa@cdr-communication.it Eleonora NICOLINI +39 333 97 73 749eleonora.nicolini@cdr-communication.itMedia RelationsCDR COMMUNICATION Angelo BRUNELLO +39 329 21 17 752angelo.brunello@cdr-communication.it Stefania TREVISOL +39 347 87 82 490stefania.trevisol@cdr-communication.itSpecialist INTERMONTE SIM SPAGalleria de Cristoforis  7/8  20122 Milano Tel +39 02 771151****Unidata S.p.A.  a Telecommunications  Cloud and IoT Operator  was founded in 1985 by three partners still in the Company.With a fiber optic network of over 6 800 km in continuous expansion  a wireless network and a proprietary data center  the Unidata Group supplies over 23 000 business  wholesale and residential customers with ultra-broadband connectivity services with FTTH (Fiber to the Home) network architectures  wireless connectivity  VoIP services  Cloud services and other dedicated solutions  with a high level of reliability and security. The company is also active in the Internet of Things (IoT)  with the development and supply of solutions for the home automation and Smart City market.Unidata S.p.A. ISIN CODE: IT0005573065 (Reuters UD MI - Bloomberg UD IM) is listed on Euronext Milan - STAR segment of Borsa Italiana.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.49,0.47,0.04,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholders’ meetings', 'Unidata S', 'Publication', 'documentation', 'March', '11', '26', 'Sede legale Roma Milano Bari', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'C.F./P.IVA', 'Viale A. G. Eiffel', 'Unidata S.p.A.', 'Viale E. Jenner', 'Viale delle Dalie', 'EU Delegated Regulation', 'Investors/Press Releases section', 'Silvia DI ROSA', 'INTERMONTE SIM SPA', 'Galleria de Cristoforis', 'proprietary data center', 'Smart City market', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'Investor Relations Advisor', 'Bloomberg UD IM', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS Roma"", ""Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'supplementary PDF format', 'Annual Financial Report', 'authorized storage mechanism', 'Home) network architectures', 'Euronext Milan market', 'ultra-broadband connectivity services', 'other dedicated solutions', 'fiber optic network', 'Reuters UD MI', 'IoT services operator', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", '1info"" storage mechanism', 'Unidata Group', 'UD.MI', 'Media Relations', 'wireless network', 'ESEF format', 'IoT Operator', 'wireless connectivity', 'VoIP services', 'home automation', 'explanatory report', 'Sustainability Report', 'unidata.it', 'STAR Segment', 'following documents', 'second item', 'voluntary basis', 'registered office', 'regulatory provisions', 'regulatory terms', 'Capitale Soc', 'three partners', 'continuous expansion', '23,000 business, wholesale', 'residential customers', 'high level', 'ISIN CODE', 'Cloud services', 'applicable legal', 'Roberto GIACOMETTI', 'Eleonora NICOLINI', 'Angelo BRUNELLO', 'Stefania TREVISOL', 'CDR COMMUNICATION', 'single call', '20159 Milano', '20122 Milano', 'PUBLICATION', 'DOCUMENTATION', 'telecommunications', 'today', 'date', 'websitewww', 'notice', 'May', 'extract', 'newspaper', 'MF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'agenda', '31 December', 'Company', 'addresswww', 'deposit', '70026 Modugno', 'information', 'CFO', '209silvia', 'dirosa', 'cdr-communication', '752angelo', '490stefania', 'Specialist', '6,800 km', 'FTTH', 'reliability', 'security', 'Internet', 'Things', 'development', 'supply', '29']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38501,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PROACTIS-SA-54379358/news/Proactis-SA-18-months-revenue-31-January-2024-46320631/,Proactis SA - 18 months revenue 31 January 2024,(marketscreener.com)          Proactis SA Announces Financial Information for the year ended 31 January 2024 Paris – March 29  2024 – Proactis SA   a leading provider of comprehensive spend management and business process collaboration solutions  today announ…,Proactis SA Announces Financial Information for the year ended 31 January 2024Paris – March 29  2024 – Proactis SA (Euronext: PROAC)  a leading provider of comprehensive spend management and business process collaboration solutions  today announces financial information for the year ended 31 Janvier 2024  in accordance with the “European Transparency Obligations Directive” financial disclosure requirements.Financial datain € million 18 months - Year ended 31 Jan 2024 12 months - Year ended 31 July 2022 % Change2023/ 2022(*) Consolidated Operationnal Revenue 11.3 9.8 15% SaaS (**) 9.4 7.9 20% Services 1.9 1.9 -4% Management fees 6.6 4.6 45% Consolidated Revenue 17.9 14.4 25% (unaudited Figures) (*) Percentages calculated on exact numbers  not the rounded numbers shown(**) SaaS is a model of delivering technology where a software solution is hosted (cloud computing) as a service for its customers.Clients do not buy the technology but pay a subscription fee to use it.Presentation is done on 18 months due to the year-end date change to align with the Proactis UK Group year-end date change.Although the turnover of the Group looks greater due to the change in year-end; it is below the level of the prior period due principally to non-renewal of contracts in specific non-core product areas  and contract value decreases.Most of the losses were contracts which incorporated third party software. In the same way  the decrease in the value of contracts was mainly due to the cancellation of the element relating to third-party software.The Services component of revenues reflects the pattern in SaaS revenues.The total consolidated revenue includes Group Management fees related to transfer pricing agreements.* * * *About Proactis SA (https://www.proactis.com/proactis-sa)  a Proactis CompanyProactis SA connects companies by providing business spend management and collaborative business process automation solutions for both goods and services  through The Business Network. Our solutions integrate with any ERP or procurement system  providing our customers with an easy-to-use solution which drives adoption  compliance and savings.Proactis SA has operations in France  Germany  USA and Manila.Listed in Compartment C on the Euronext Paris Eurolist.ISIN: FR0004052561  Euronext: PROAC  Reuters: HBWO.LN  Bloomberg: HBW.FPContactsTel: +33 (0)1 53 25 55 00E-mail: investorContact@proactis.com* * * *Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.25,0.61,True,English,"['Proactis SA', '18 months revenue', 'Proactis UK Group year-end date change', 'collaborative business process automation solutions', 'European Transparency Obligations Directive', 'specific non-core product areas', 'business process collaboration solutions', 'The Business Network', 'business spend management', 'transfer pricing agreements', 'comprehensive spend management', 'Group Management fees', 'third party software', 'Consolidated Operationnal Revenue', 'total consolidated revenue', 'financial disclosure requirements', 'contract value decreases', 'The Services component', 'Euronext Paris Eurolist', 'software solution', 'third-party software', 'Financial Information', 'Financial data', 'Proactis Company', 'leading provider', 'unaudited Figures', 'cloud computing', 'subscription fee', 'prior period', 'same way', 'procurement system', 'use solution', 'Compartment C', 'Proactis SA', 'exact numbers', '€ million 18 months', 'SaaS revenues', '12 months', 'March', 'Janvier', 'accordance', 'Jan 2024', '31 July', 'Percentages', 'model', 'technology', 'customers', 'Clients', 'Presentation', 'turnover', 'level', 'renewal', 'contracts', 'losses', 'cancellation', 'element', 'pattern', 'companies', 'goods', 'ERP', 'adoption', 'compliance', 'savings', 'operations', 'France', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Manila', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'HBWO.', 'LN', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'mail', 'investorContact', 'Attachment', '33']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38502,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UCB-5963/news/UCB-Share-Repurchase-Program-2024-to-cover-UCB-s-Long-Term-Incentive-Plans-for-employees-46321022/,UCB : Share Repurchase Program 2024 to cover UCB's Long Term Incentive Plans for employees -March 29  2024 at 03:04 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Regulated information    In application of article 7:215 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  UCB SA/NV announces the launch of a share buy-back program   effective as of 2 April 2024.    The repurchase of UCB shares u…,"Brussels (Belgium)  29 March 2024 - 20:00 (CET) - Regulated informationIn application of article 7:215 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  UCB SA/NV (""UCB"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Brussels: UCB) announces the launch of a share buy-back program (the ""Share Repurchase Program 2024"")  effective as of 2 April 2024.The repurchase of UCB shares under this program intends to cover current and future obligations under UCB's Long Term Incentive Plans for its employees. UCB will continuously monitor both its current and future obligations under such plans in view of keeping an adequate level of treasury shares.Under this program  UCB may acquire from time to time its common stock  for a maximum of 1 300 000 UCB shares. The share repurchases will be conducted under the terms and conditions approved by the extraordinary general shareholders' meeting of the Company held on 28 April 2022. The timing of the repurchase of shares pursuant to the program will depend on a variety of factors  including market conditions. The Share Repurchase Program 2024 may be suspended or discontinued at any time.UCB has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase UCB shares on its behalf under the terms of a mandate agreement with initial validity until the earlier of 30 June 2024 or the mandate having been completed.During the Share Repurchase Program 2024  regular updates will be published in accordance with applicable legislation.In the framework of UCB's ongoing cash and treasury shares management  UCB may decide to enter into equity swap transactions  including during the term of this Share Repurchase Program 2024. Any such transaction will be reported in accordance with applicable legislation.This press release is available on UCB SA/NV's website via the following link.For further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32 2 559 94 14antje.witte@ucb.comCorporate CommunicationsLaurent SchotsT+32 2 559 92 64laurent.schots@ucb.comAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 9 000 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.3 billion in 2023. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCB_news.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Long Term Incentive Plans', 'Share Repurchase Program', 'UCB', 'employees', 'March', '03:04', ""extraordinary general shareholders' meeting"", 'Long Term Incentive Plans', 'The Share Repurchase Program', 'equity swap transactions', 'central nervous system', 'share buy-back program', 'treasury shares management', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'share repurchases', 'immune system', 'Belgian Code', 'future obligations', 'adequate level', 'common stock', 'financial intermediary', 'initial validity', 'regular updates', 'applicable legislation', 'ongoing cash', 'press release', 'following link', 'Investor Relations', 'Corporate Communications', 'innovative medicines', 'severe diseases', 'Regulated information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'market conditions', 'mandate agreement', 'Antje Witte', 'UCB SA/NV', 'UCB shares', 'Laurent Schots', 'Belgium', '29 March', 'CET', 'application', 'article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'launch', '2 April', 'current', 'employees', 'view', 'time', 'maximum', 'terms', '28 April', 'timing', 'variety', 'factors', 'behalf', '30 June', 'accordance', 'framework', 'website', 'discovery', 'development', 'solutions', 'lives', 'people', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'Twitter', 'UCB_news', '32']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38503,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854844/0/en/Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,REGULATED INFORMATION  Information on the total number of voting rights and shares  Mont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  March 29  2024  9:30 pm CET / 4:30 pm...,REGULATED INFORMATIONInformation on the total number of voting rights and sharesMont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  March 29  2024  9:30 pm CET / 4:30 pm ET – In accordance with article 15 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels and Nasdaq: NYXH) publishes the below information following the issue of new shares.Share capital: EUR 4 927 355.12Total number of securities carrying voting rights: 28 682 635 (all ordinary shares)Total number of voting rights (= denominator): 28 682 635 (all relating to ordinary shares)Number of rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued:100 “2018 ESOP Warrants” issued on December 12  2018  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 50 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);400 500 “2020 ESOP Warrants” issued on February 21  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 400 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); and1 085 500 “2021 ESOP Warrants” issued on September 8  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 085 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); and700 000 “2022 ESOP Warrants” issued on December 28  2022  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 700 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares).** *Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'large shareholdings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Share capital', '100 “2018 ESOP Warrants', '85,500 “2021 ESOP Warrants', '700,000 “2022 ESOP Warrants', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'new shares', 'ordinary shares', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Nyxoah SA', 'David DeMartino', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', 'accordance', 'article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Nasdaq', 'NYXH', 'issue', 'securities', 'denominator', 'December', 'holders', 'February', 'September', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '9:30', '4:30']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38504,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LECTRA-4769/news/LECTRA-Availability-of-2023-Annual-Financial-Report-46319113/,LECTRA: Availability of 2023 Annual Financial Report -March 29  2024 at 06:00 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Lectra: Availability of 2023 Annual Financial Report Paris  March 29  2024 - Lectra announces that its 2023 Annual Financial Report has been released and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority . The 2023 Annual Financial Report…,Lectra: Availability of 2023 Annual Financial ReportParis  March 29  2024 - Lectra announces that its 2023 Annual Financial Report has been released and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers).The 2023 Annual Financial Report containing the Management Report  the Report on Corporate Governance and Non-financial Statement is now available in the ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format) and in PDF version on the company’s website: https://www.lectra.com/fr/investisseurs.A condensed English version of the Annual Financial Report 2023 is also available on the company's website: https://www.lectra.com/en/investors.About Lectra:As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies. The Group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The Group is proud to state that its 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 478 million euros in 2023. The company is listed on Euronext  where it is included in the following indices: SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid&Small  CAC All Shares  CAC All-Tradable  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150. For more information  visit lectra.com.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 832 965 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Annual Financial Report', 'LECTRA', 'Availability', 'March', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'The 2023 Annual Financial Report', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'condensed English version', 'CAC All Shares', 'CAC Mid&Small', 'RCS Paris B', 'ESEF format', 'furniture markets', 'Management Report', 'The Group', 'PDF version', 'CAC Technology', 'Corporate Governance', 'Non-financial Statement', 'major player', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '478 million euros', 'following indices', 'ENT PEA-PME', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', '75016 Paris', 'Lectra', 'Availability', 'company', 'website', 'investisseurs', 'investors', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'boldness', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'companies', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '3,000 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'SBF', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38505,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854697/0/en/LECTRA-Availability-of-2023-Annual-Financial-Report.html,LECTRA: Availability of 2023 Annual Financial Report,Lectra: Availability of 2023 Annual Financial Report  Paris  March 29  2024 - Lectra announces that its 2023 Annual Financial Report has been released...,Lectra: Availability of 2023 Annual Financial ReportParis  March 29  2024 - Lectra announces that its 2023 Annual Financial Report has been released and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers).The 2023 Annual Financial Report containing the Management Report  the Report on Corporate Governance and Non-financial Statement is now available in the ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format) and in PDF version on the company’s website: https://www.lectra.com/fr/investisseurs.A condensed English version of the Annual Financial Report 2023 is also available on the company's website: https://www.lectra.com/en/investors.About Lectra:As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies. The Group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The Group is proud to state that its 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 478 million euros in 2023. The company is listed on Euronext  where it is included in the following indices: SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid&Small  CAC All Shares  CAC All-Tradable  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150. For more information  visit lectra.com.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 832 965 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Annual Financial Report', 'LECTRA', 'Availability', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'The 2023 Annual Financial Report', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'condensed English version', 'CAC All Shares', 'CAC Mid&Small', 'RCS Paris B', 'ESEF format', 'furniture markets', 'Management Report', 'The Group', 'PDF version', 'CAC Technology', 'Corporate Governance', 'Non-financial Statement', 'major player', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '478 million euros', 'following indices', 'ENT PEA-PME', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', '75016 Paris', 'Lectra', 'Availability', 'company', 'website', 'investisseurs', 'investors', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'boldness', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'companies', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '3,000 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'SBF', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38506,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIESSE-S-P-A-93574/news/Biesse-S-p-A-29-03-2024-NOTICE-OF-DEPOSIT-46320249/,Biesse S p A : 29/03/2024 – NOTICE OF DEPOSIT -March 29  2024 at 10:40 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of deposit   Pesaro  29 March 2024 - Biesse informs that the complete Annual Financial Report  the Report of the Board of Statutory Auditors  the Report of the Independent Auditors  as well as the Report on Remuneration and …,"Notice of depositPesaro  29 March 2024 - Biesse informs that the complete Annual Financial Report  the Report of the Board of Statutory Auditors  the Report of the Independent Auditors  as well as the Report on Remuneration and Compensation Policy and the Report on Corporate Governance -all documents regarding the year 2023-have been published today at the company's registered office  on the company's websitewww.biessegroup.cominvestor relations area and on the authorized storage mechanism ""1Info"" at www.1 info.it  pursuant to Art. 113-ter  Art. 154-ter  Art. 130 T.U.F.  and Art. 77  Art. 65-bis of the Issuers' Regulation  as well as Art. 2 of Consob Resolution. The Sustainability Report for 2023 has been published and distributed in the same way.The financial statements and/or summary statements pursuant to art. 2429  Italian Civil Code of the subsidiaries and associated companies of Biesse S.p.A are also available to the public at the registered office.BIESSE - We are an international company that manufactures integrated lines and machines to process wood  glass  stone  plastic and composite materials. Founded in Italy in 1969 and listed in the Euronext STAR segment of the Italian Stock Exchange  we support the business evolution of our customers in the furniture  housing & construction  automotive and aerospace sectors. Today  about 80% of our consolidated turnover is achieved abroad by an ever-growing global network with 4 manufacturing campuses and 30+ showrooms all over the world. Thanks to our rooted competence embodied by 4.400 employees  we empower the imagination of industry leading companies and prestigious names in Italian and international design to make the potential of any material shine.Nicola SauttoChief Financial Officer and Investor RelatorT +39 0721 439439M +39 334 640 5271nicola.sautto@biesse.combiesse.com",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Biesse S', 'NOTICE', 'DEPOSIT', 'March', '10:40', 'Biesse S.p.A', 'complete Annual Financial Report', 'cominvestor relations area', 'authorized storage mechanism', 'T.U.F.', 'Euronext STAR segment', 'growing global network', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'industry leading companies', 'Italian Civil Code', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'The Sustainability Report', 'financial statements', 'associated companies', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Independent Auditors', 'Compensation Policy', 'Corporate Governance', 'registered office', ""Issuers' Regulation"", 'Consob Resolution', 'same way', 'summary statements', 'integrated lines', 'composite materials', 'business evolution', 'aerospace sectors', 'consolidated turnover', '4 manufacturing campuses', '30+ showrooms', 'rooted competence', 'prestigious names', 'international design', 'Investor Relator', 'Nicola Sautto', 'international company', 'Notice', 'deposit', 'Pesaro', 'Board', 'Remuneration', 'documents', 'year', 'websitewww', 'biessegroup', '1Info', 'Art.', 'subsidiaries', 'public', 'machines', 'wood', 'glass', 'stone', 'plastic', 'Italy', 'customers', 'furniture', 'housing', 'construction', 'automotive', 'world', '4.400 employees', 'imagination', 'potential', '5271nicola']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38507,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4121208.html,Trailblazing Design for Tomorrow’s Hospitality,Take a dive into the design approach metamorphosing the hotels of the Group  in line with our pioneering spirit  with two of today’s most talented designers and one hotel owner. They explore how changes in society  like AI  are impacting design with breathtak…,Take a dive into the design approach metamorphosing the hotels of the Group  in line with our pioneering spirit  with two of today’s most talented designers and one hotel owner. They explore how changes in society  like AI  are impacting design with breathtaking results and beyond.Changing lifestyles and expectations are taking design in new directions. Constantly anticipating and adapting to societal changes and market demands  Accor innovates with design to enhance the guest experience – transforming hotels into multifaceted hubs that bring travelers and local guests together to sleep  eat  connect and work. Integrating multifunctional design elements means the spaces seamlessly adapt to different needs  revolutionizing the guest experience. Moreover  the unique culture and history inherent to each hotel's location are thoughtfully woven into the design  resonating with today’s travelers’ quest for authenticity and local immersion. This approach not only enriches the guest's journey but also harmoniously integrates the hotels into the fabric of the local community.Furthermore  expectations also grow around sustainability  design is contributing in very concrete ways  from selecting materials with lower carbon footprint and improving energy performance to increasing awareness and educating the teams worldwide. Sustainability lies at the heart of Accor’s design strategy  reflecting the Group’s ambition to shape a more sustainable kind of hospitality.Meet two renowned designers who collaborated with our Design & Technical Services team  as well as one hotel ownerFind more about design at Accor as the trio discuss societal evolutions  the use and impact of technology and AI  as well as sustainability.Yang Bangsheng: Leveraging AI to drive creativityYang Bangsheng is an award-winning designer and Founder & President of leading Chinese hotel design agency Bangsheng & Associates Group. For him  design is a way to explore cultures and understand cities. As technology and AI drive change  Yang Bangsheng believes they can be used as a tool to enhance design by creating synergies with the designer’s innate creativity. This visionary outlook is exemplified at the Pullman Vung Tau and Pullman Shenzhen North  which he designed  where AI-driven innovation and artistic expression blend harmoniously.Marcos Cain: Evolving in a world impacted by AI and roboticsDesigner & Founder of Stickman Tribe  Marcos Cain has over 35 years of experience in hospitality and design – including masterminding the Pullman Dubai Creek City Center  UAE. For him  AI and robotics can serve design by taking away menial tasks  so designers focus on more complex  subtle challenges. He likes playing with the different elements that encapsulate a space and tell its unique story  from colors to texture – to enhance connections with the local neighborhood and community.Matthew Leavy: Creating innovative spaces to reconnectMatthew Leavey is Head of Property at Panthers Group  which owns Pullman Sydney Penrith. He evokes the team’s belief that technology and social media are transforming society. And the way in which design can help foster genuine connections. This conviction is reflected in the new Pullman Sydney Penrith  which creates spaces for authentic conversations  away from screens  so people come people together the “old-fashioned” way.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Trailblazing Design', 'Tomorrow', 'Hospitality', 'Pullman Dubai Creek City Center', 'leading Chinese hotel design agency', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'new Pullman Sydney Penrith', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Pullman Vung Tau', 'Pullman Shenzhen North', 'one hotel owner', 'lower carbon footprint', 'complex, subtle challenges', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'economy hotel brands', 'two renowned designers', 'creative hospitality company', 'Accor Live Limitless', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'multifunctional design elements', 'Technical Services team', 'new directions', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'different elements', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'pioneering spirit', 'talented designers', 'breathtaking results', 'Changing lifestyles', 'market demands', 'multifaceted hubs', 'local guests', 'different needs', 'unique culture', 'local immersion', 'concrete ways', 'energy performance', 'sustainable kind', 'societal evolutions', 'visionary outlook', 'AI-driven innovation', 'artistic expression', 'Marcos Cain', 'Stickman Tribe', 'menial tasks', 'unique story', 'local neighborhood', 'Matthew Leavy', 'Matthew Leavey', 'social media', 'authentic conversations', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'concierge services', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'Associates Group', 'Panthers Group', 'Yang Bangsheng', 'local community', 'community engagement', 'societal changes', 'travelers’ quest', 'design strategy', 'innate creativity', 'innovative spaces', 'genuine connections', 'accommodation properties', 'working spaces', '260,000 team members', 'guest experience', 'award-winning designer', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'environmental sustainability', 'Leveraging AI', 'design approach', '5,300 properties', 'dive', 'hotels', 'line', 'today', 'society', 'expectations', 'history', 'location', 'authenticity', 'journey', 'fabric', 'materials', 'awareness', 'teams', 'ambition', 'trio', 'use', 'impact', 'technology', 'President', 'cultures', 'cities', 'tool', 'synergies', 'robotics', '35 years', 'UAE', 'colors', 'texture', 'Head', 'Property', 'belief', 'conviction', 'screens', 'people', 'old-fashioned', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'industry', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagra']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,hospitalitynet.org
38508,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FIERA-MILANO-SPA-100156/news/Fiera-Milano-Filing-of-List-2-for-the-renewal-of-the-Board-of-Statuatory-Auditors-presented-by-Cam-46320686/,Fiera Milano : Filing of List 2 for the renewal of the Board of Statuatory Auditors presented by Camera di Commercio Milano Monza Brianza Lodi e Parcam S.r.l. -March 29  2024 at 01:20 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   FIERA MILANO: PUBLICATION OF THE SLATE OF CANDIDATES FOR THE RENEWAL OF THE BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS FILED BY CAMERA DI COMMERCIO DI MILANO MONZA BRIANZA LODI AND PARCAM S.R.L.   Milan  29 March 2024 - The Board of Directors of …,"FIERA MILANO: PUBLICATION OF THE SLATE OF CANDIDATES FOR THE RENEWAL OF THE BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS FILED BY CAMERA DI COMMERCIO DI MILANO MONZA BRIANZA LODI AND PARCAM S.R.L.Milan  29 March 2024 - The Board of Directors of Fiera Milano S.p.A. (""Fiera Milano"" and/ or the ""Company"")  leader in Italy and one of the main integrated operators worldwide in the exhibition and congress industry  announces that the shareholders− Camera di Commercio di Milano Monza Brianza Lodi− Parcam S.r.l.joint holding n. 4 689 317 shares of the Company  equal to 6.52 % of the share capital  on 29 March 2024 filed the following slate of candidates for the renewal of the Board of Statutory Auditors by the Shareholders' Meeting called for 23 April 2024:Statutory Auditors:1. Alessandro Angelo SolidoroSubstitute Auditors:1. Emanuela ValdostiThe slate of candidates  together with the related documentation  was made available to the public at the Company's registered and operational headquarters  as well as on the authorized storage mechanism  at the addresswww.emarketstorage.com and on the Company's websitewww.fieramilano.it in the Investors/Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section.1Fiera MilanoFiera Milano is the domestic market leader and one of the main integrated operators worldwide in the exhibition and congress sector. The Group manages the leading exhibition site in Italy and dominates events in numerous manufacturing sectors: fashion  publishing  furniture and furnishings  home and lifestyle  mechanical tooling industry  tourism  professional hospitality  food  plant engineering and energy  construction and art. Specifically  the business of the Group is focused on the management  organisation and hosting of exhibitions and other events through ensuring the availability of equipped exhibition space  project support and related services. Its offer is completed by engineering services  stand-fitting services as well as a multichannel platform that includes web content and congresses. Fiera Milano has been listed in the STAR segment of the Euronext Milan stock market since 2002.Contacts",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Camera di Commercio Milano Monza Brianza Lodi', 'Parcam S.r.l.', 'Fiera Milano', 'Statuatory Auditors', 'Filing', 'List', 'renewal', 'Board', 'March', '01:20', 'Fiera Milano S.p.A.', 'MILANO MONZA BRIANZA LODI', 'PARCAM S.R.L.', 'Euronext Milan stock market', 'domestic market leader', 'main integrated operators', 'Alessandro Angelo Solidoro', 'authorized storage mechanism', 'numerous manufacturing sectors', ""Investors/Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'mechanical tooling industry', 'leading exhibition site', 'congress industry', 'STATUTORY AUDITORS', 'CAMERA DI', 'joint holding', 'share capital', 'Substitute Auditors', 'Emanuela Valdosti', 'related documentation', 'operational headquarters', 'congress sector', 'professional hospitality', 'plant engineering', 'project support', 'related services', 'engineering services', 'stand-fitting services', 'multichannel platform', 'web content', 'STAR segment', 'exhibition space', 'other events', 'following slate', 'The Group', 'PUBLICATION', 'CANDIDATES', 'RENEWAL', 'BOARD', 'COMMERCIO', 'Directors', 'Company', 'Italy', '4,689,317 shares', '29 March', '23 April', 'registered', 'addresswww', 'emarketstorage', 'websitewww', 'fieramilano', 'fashion', 'publishing', 'furniture', 'furnishings', 'home', 'lifestyle', 'tourism', 'food', 'energy', 'construction', 'business', 'management', 'organisation', 'hosting', 'exhibitions', 'availability', 'offer', 'congresses', 'Contacts']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38509,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/29/trinity-wealth-management-llc-makes-new-247000-investment-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Trinity Wealth Management LLC Makes New $247 000 Investment in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Trinity Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The …,Trinity Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 1 566 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $247 000.Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the third quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the third quarter valued at approximately $28 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the third quarter valued at approximately $38 000. Finally  Bartlett & CO. Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter worth approximately $44 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of NYSEARCA:RSP opened at $169.37 on Friday. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12 month low of $133.34 and a 12 month high of $169.80. The stock has a market cap of $47.88 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $161.39 and its 200 day moving average price is $151.94.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Trinity Wealth Management LLC', 'New', 'Investment', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', '50 day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'Trinity Wealth Management LLC', 'CO. Wealth Management LLC', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', 'Other hedge funds', 'Householder Group Estate', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new position', 'fourth quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'new stake', 'third quarter', 'second quarter', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '12 month low', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', '1,566 shares', 'company', 'Securities', 'firm', 'stock', 'changes', 'positions', 'Bartlett', 'Friday', 'beta', 'transportation', 'HoldingsChannel']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,etfdailynews.com
38510,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-Announces-Partnership-with-Saporo-in-Belgium-to-Empower-Organizations-with-Enhanced-Cyberse-46319035/,Thales : Announces Partnership with Saporo in Belgium to Empower Organizations with Enhanced Cybersecurity Resilience -March 29  2024 at 05:42 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)    Thales Announces Partnership with Saporo in Belgium to Empower Organizations with Enhanced Cybersecurity Resilience    29 Mar 2024    Share this article    Facebook   Twitter  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote…,"Thales Announces Partnership with Saporo in Belgium to Empower Organizations with Enhanced Cybersecurity Resilience 29 Mar 2024 Share this article FacebookTwitterLinkedInThis collaboration brings together Thales' extensive experience in securing critical infrastructure and digital assets with Saporo's innovative attack path management platform. This combined offering empowers organizations to continuously identify and prioritize weaknesses in the access structure  simulate attacker behaviors  and take decisive action to mitigate risks before they can be exploited.""Organizations in Belgium are facing an increasingly complex cybersecurity landscape  with sophisticated attackers exploiting hidden vulnerabilities to gain access to critical data "" said Geoffrey Lucas  Country Manager in Belgium for cybersecurity activities. ""By partnering with Saporo  we offer a revolutionary solution that goes beyond traditional point-in-time assessments.""About Thales' cybersecurity activities in BelgiumThales' experience and expertise help clients make the right decisions in the development  implementation and management of their cybersecurity. Thales offers its clients in Belgium the services of a local  flexible  innovative and reactive partner with strong expertise in the protection of intangible assets. The Group leverages its deep expertise in security technologies and cyber intelligence to help organizations of all sizes mitigate cyber risks and stay ahead of evolving threats.Contacts:geoffrey.lucas@thalesgroup.com ​+32(0) 2 899 61 61 cds.thalesgroup.com ​About SaporoCreated in 2021 in Lausanne  Saporo raised more than 6 millions for the development of a solution helping companies such as  SMEs as well as multinationals  public administrations  universities or hospitals  such as hospitals in France or banks in Switzerland.Covering a wide range of use cases (Access Segmentation  Forensics  IAM Governance  etc.) Saporo helps IT departments to gain visibility and to strengthen their cyber security in the face of attacks targeting the identity of employees (ransomware  phishing  etc. .). Saporo is the pioneer in continuous identity attack path management  empowering organizations to proactively understand and mitigate cyber risks. The company's innovative platform leverages graph theory and attack path simulation to continuously map IT environments  identify critical attack paths  and prioritize remediation efforts  enabling organizations to achieve true cyber resilience.For more info  visit: Saporo - Order in ChaosAbout ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies within three domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Digital Identity & Security. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive.The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key areas such as quantum technologies  Edge computing  6G and cybersecurity.Thales has 81 000* employees in 68 countries. In 2023  the Group generated sales of €18.4 billion.* These figures exclude the ground transportation business  which is being divested",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.87,0.06,True,English,"['Enhanced Cybersecurity Resilience', 'Thales', 'Partnership', 'Saporo', 'Belgium', 'Organizations', 'March', '05', 'continuous identity attack path management', 'innovative attack path management platform', 'attack path simulation', 'local, flexible, innovative', 'critical attack paths', 'ground transportation business', 'true cyber resilience', 'Enhanced Cybersecurity Resilience', 'complex cybersecurity landscape', 'innovative platform', ""Thales' cybersecurity activities"", 'Digital Identity', 'critical infrastructure', 'critical data', 'cyber intelligence', 'extensive experience', 'digital assets', 'attacker behaviors', 'decisive action', 'sophisticated attackers', 'hidden vulnerabilities', 'Country Manager', 'time assessments', 'right decisions', 'reactive partner', 'intangible assets', 'evolving threats', 'public administrations', 'wide range', 'use cases', 'IAM Governance', 'IT departments', 'graph theory', 'IT environments', 'remediation efforts', 'Euronext Paris', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'three domains', 'key areas', 'quantum technologies', 'Edge computing', 'cyber risks', 'cyber security', 'access structure', 'strong expertise', 'The Group', 'deep expertise', 'Access Segmentation', 'revolutionary solution', 'security technologies', ""Thales' experience"", 'Geoffrey Lucas', 'Partnership', 'Saporo', 'Belgium', 'Organizations', 'article', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'collaboration', 'offering', 'weaknesses', 'clients', 'development', 'implementation', 'services', 'protection', 'sizes', 'Contacts', 'thalesgroup', 'Lausanne', '6 millions', 'companies', 'SMEs', 'multinationals', 'universities', 'hospitals', 'France', 'banks', 'Switzerland', 'Forensics', 'visibility', 'attacks', 'employees', 'ransomware', 'phishing', 'pioneer', 'company', 'info', 'Order', 'Chaos', 'Defence', 'Aeronautics', 'Space', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'Research', '6G', '68 countries', 'sales', 'figures']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38511,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/aerkomm-and-nasdaqlisted-ix-acquisition-corp-announce-merger-agreement-and-us-35-million-private-placement-93CH-3358052,AERKOMM and Nasdaq-Listed IX Acquisition Corp. Announce Merger Agreement and US $35 Million Private Placement By Investing.com,AERKOMM and Nasdaq-Listed IX Acquisition Corp. Announce Merger Agreement and US $35 Million Private Placement,"SILICON VALLEY  Calif.  March 29  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AERKOMM Inc. (Euronext: AKOM  OTCQX: AKOM  AERKOMM)  an innovative satellite technology company providing multi-orbit broadband connectivity solutions  and IX Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: IXAQU  IXAQ)  a SPAC focused on the technology  media and telecommunications industries  have entered into a definitive Business Combination Agreement (BCA) and raised US $35 million in a private placement.The combined business will be called AKOM Inc. (AKOM) and its ordinary shares are expected to result in AERKOMM transferring its listing from Euronext/OTCQX to Nasdaq under the ticker ""AKOM  following the closing of the business combination. It is the intention of the combined business to also maintain a secondary listing on Euronext.Transaction highlightsAdjusted enterprise value of AERKOMM is US $200 million  as well as up to US $200 million of earnout shares for the AERKOMM shareholders  if certain milestones are achieved.Transaction supported by a fund-raise of US $35 million common equity PIPE (Private Investment in Public Equity) subscribed concurrently with the signing of the BCA. The PIPE investors consist of new and current shareholders in AERKOMM. There may be more capital raised prior to the business combination  but there is no minimum cash condition for the transaction.Existing AERKOMM shareholders are anticipated to roll 100% of their equity and may own approximately two-thirds of the new combined pro forma AKOM  subject to final amounts of PIPE capital raised and of cash retained in IXAQ trust.The Nasdaq-listing is intended to enable AKOM to execute its strategy to provide carrier-neutral and software-defined infrastructure to deliver mission-critical  multi-orbit satellite broadband connectivity.Completion of the transaction is expected in Q3 2024  which is subject to SEC review  to approval by IXAQ and AERKOMM shareholders and to the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions.AERKOMM is an innovative satellite technology company  providing carrier-neutral and software-defined infrastructure for multi-orbit  end-to-end satellite broadband connectivity  serving both public and private sectors  including Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications. AERKOMM has a range of next-generation satellite technologies that offer broadband connectivity by collaborating with satellite partners and mobile network operators to link users and platforms on the edge to core infrastructure hubs.AERKOMM has established a strong engagement with leading satellite constellation operators spanning multiple orbits  including low-earth orbit (LEO)  medium-earth orbit (MEO)  geostationary earth orbit (GEO) and highly elliptical orbit (HEO). Additionally  AERKOMM's technology is currently being implemented in the Aerospace & Defense market  having been tested live in selected defense assets.AERKOMM is developing partnerships with both public and private sector clients that have increasing demands for multi-beam and multi-orbit satellite communications solutions.AERKOMM holds a strong market position. Its target markets  Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications  are expected to grow from c. $20bn to c. $60bn by 2030 (Sources: Fortune Business Insights  Boeing (NYSE: ) 2023 Annual Report  NSR Report  Teal Group).AERKOMM has considerable technical expertise with executives and innovators drawn from semi-conductors  aerospace  defense  telecoms dual-use and satellite communications sectors.AERKOMM's strong capabilities deliver differentiated solutions:High throughput. AERKOMM's semiconductor glass antenna transmits and receives 50% Mbps more throughput per square-inch compared to previous state-of-the-art satellite broadband terminals.Interoperability. AERKOMM's universal terminals  including multi-orbit glass semiconductor antennas and software-defined radio modems  provide carrier-neutral broadband connectivity. These terminals are designed to meet the diverse needs of users across various sectors  delivering high-quality connectivity and performance.Virtualization. AERKOMM's software-defined core network waveforms integrate satellites and constellations across all major orbits  as well as advanced 5G and emerging 6G non-terrestrial networks (NTN). This approach enhances flexibility  scalability and efficiency  allowing for dynamic adaptation to evolving communication needs.Louis Giordimaina  AERKOMM Chief Executive commented:We are delighted to be collaborating with the IXAQ team  who bring considerable sector and financial experience and expertise. We will benefit from the resources of the IXAQ team  who also have a proven track record in the international technology  media and telecoms sectors.We are well positioned to address extremely fast-growing markets “ Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications. We are developing a range of pioneering multi-orbit satellite technologies with the capability to provide end-to-end broadband connectivity in collaboration with our satellite partners.In the defense sector  we have been leveraging our team's long-time focus on commercial aviation to demonstrate applications for satellite communications for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Our technology is achieving positive results in real-world settings and we anticipate commencing our first major contract in 2024. We will also continue to invest in our talent and partnerships as we position our technology to scale-up.Karen Bach  IXAQ Chief Executive commented:We launched IXAQ with a team of executives from the digital infrastructure and telecommunications sectors in order to add value to the management teams of our target company “ in AERKOMM we have found the right opportunity.Switching AERKOMM's listing to Nasdaq and combining with our team of experienced operators will support the business to rapidly evolve into an institutional-grade company that is well-positioned to capitalize on the numerous opportunities in its expanding markets.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  both as amended. Statements that are not historical facts  including statements about the pending transactions among IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc. (IXAQ's subsidiary for the purpose of affecting the transaction)  and AKOM and the transactions contemplated thereby  and the parties' perspectives and expectations  are forward-looking statements. Such statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the proposed transaction  including the anticipated initial enterprise value and post-closing equity value  the benefits of the proposed transaction  integration plans  expected synergies and revenue opportunities  anticipated future financial and operating performance and results  including estimates for growth  the expected management and governance of the combined company  and the expected timing of the transactions. The words expect  believe  estimate  intend  plan and similar expressions indicate forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  assumptions (including assumptions about general economic  market  industry and operational factors)  known or unknown  which could cause the actual results to vary materially from those indicated or anticipated.Such risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to: (i) risks related to the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the pending transaction  including the risk that the transaction may not close due to one or more closing conditions to the transaction not being satisfied or waived  such as regulatory approvals not being obtained  on a timely basis or otherwise  or that a governmental entity prohibited  delayed or refused to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction or required certain conditions  limitations or restrictions in connection with such approvals; (ii) risks related to the ability of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM to successfully integrate the businesses; (iii) the occurrence of any event  change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the applicable transaction agreements; (iv) the risk that there may be a material adverse change with respect to the financial position  performance  operations or prospects of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  or AKOM; (v) risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the proposed transaction; (vi) the risk that any announcements relating to the proposed transaction could have adverse effects on the market price of IXAQ's securities; (vii) the risk that the proposed transaction and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their suppliers and customers and on their operating results and businesses generally; (viii) the risk that the combined company may be unable to achieve cost-cutting synergies or it may take longer than expected to achieve those synergies; and (ix) risks associated with the financing of the proposed transaction. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties can be found in IXAQ's IPO prospectus filed with the SEC and in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed with the SEC by IXAQ in connection with the proposed transactions  and other documents that the parties may file or furnish with the SEC  which you are encouraged to read. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate only to the date they were made  and IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM and their subsidiaries undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made except as required by law or applicable regulation.Additional Information and Where to Find ItIn connection with the transaction described herein  IXAQ will file relevant materials with the SEC  including the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and a proxy statement/prospectus. The proxy statement/prospectus and a proxy card will be mailed to shareholders of IXAQ as of a record date to be established for voting at the shareholders' meeting relating to the proposed transactions. Shareholders will also be able to obtain a copy of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus without charge from IXAQ. The Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus  once available  may also be obtained without charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or by writing to IXAQ at 53 Davies Street  W1K 5JH United Kingdom. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF IXAQ ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS THAT IXAQ WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT IXAQ  AKOM MERGER SUB  AKOM AND THE TRANSACTIONS.Participants in SolicitationThe AKOM Merger Sub and the AKOM and certain shareholders of IXAQ  and their respective directors  executive officers and employees and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the holders of IXAQ ordinary shares in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about IXAQ's directors and executive officers and their ownership of IXAQ's ordinary shares is set forth in IXAQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC. Other information regarding the interests of the participants in the proxy solicitation will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus pertaining to the proposed transaction when it becomes available. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.No Offer or SolicitationThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer  solicitation  or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or an exemption therefrom. This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of the regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the EU Prospectus Regulation). The securities of AERKOMM admitting for trading on the professional segment (compartiment professionnel) of the regulated market of Euronext Paris are addressed solely to Qualified Investors  as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation and in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 411-2  1 ° of the French Code monÃ©taire et financier.An image accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/50c83560-dd69-4ad8-bf8f-cf6d01b5234bContactAERKOMM INC.www.aerkomm.comInvestors “ IR@AERKOMM.COMMedia “ MEDIA@AERKOMM.COMIX Acquisition Corp.www.ixacq.comInvestors “ contact@ixacq.comMedia “ contact@ixacq.comIX Acquistion and AERKOMM Business Combination Agreement AnnouncedSource: IX Acquisition Corp.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.71,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Nasdaq-Listed IX Acquisition Corp. Announce Merger Agreement', 'US $35 Million Private Placement', 'AERKOMM', 'Investing', 'US $35 million common equity PIPE', 'mission-critical, multi-orbit satellite broadband connectivity', 'new combined pro forma AKOM', 'emerging 6G non-terrestrial networks', 'leading satellite constellation operators', 'multi-orbit glass semiconductor antennas', 'other customary closing conditions', 'multi-orbit satellite communications solutions', 'multi-orbit broadband connectivity solutions', 'innovative satellite technology company', 'end satellite broadband connectivity', 'software-defined core network waveforms', 'art satellite broadband terminals', 'definitive Business Combination Agreement', 'multi-orbit satellite technologies', 'end broadband connectivity', 'mobile network operators', 'semiconductor glass antenna', 'next-generation satellite technologies', 'satellite communications sectors', 'IX Acquisition Corp', 'The PIPE investors', 'core infrastructure hubs', 'software-defined radio modems', 'carrier-neutral broadband connectivity', 'Fortune Business Insights', 'geostationary earth orbit', 'minimum cash condition', 'strong market position', 'private sector clients', 'Transaction highlights Adjusted', 'considerable technical expertise', 'AERKOMM Chief Executive', 'Existing AERKOMM shareholders', 'combined business', 'satellite partners', 'differentiated solutions', 'high-quality connectivity', 'software-defined infrastructure', 'PIPE capital', 'considerable sector', 'The Nasdaq-listing', 'private sectors', 'international technology', 'strong engagement', 'strong capabilities', 'universal terminals', 'private placement', 'Private Investment', 'current shareholders', 'low-earth orbit', 'medium-earth orbit', 'elliptical orbit', 'various sectors', 'SILICON VALLEY', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'telecommunications industries', 'enterprise value', 'Public Equity', 'final amounts', 'SEC review', 'Civilian Telecommunications', 'multiple orbits', 'increasing demands', 'target markets', '2023 Annual Report', 'NSR Report', 'Teal Group', 'previous state', 'diverse needs', 'major orbits', 'advanced 5G', 'dynamic adaptation', 'communication needs', 'Louis Giordimaina', 'financial experience', 'track record', 'growing markets', 'Defense market', 'defense sector', 'telecoms sectors', 'IXAQ trust', 'IXAQ team', 'ordinary shares', 'secondary listing', 'High throughput', 'defense assets', 'AERKOMM Inc.', 'Calif.', 'March', 'Euronext', 'OTCQX', 'IXAQU', 'SPAC', 'media', 'BCA', 'ticker', 'intention', 'earnout', 'milestones', 'fund-raise', 'signing', 'two-thirds', 'strategy', 'Completion', 'Q3', 'approval', 'satisfaction', 'range', 'users', 'platforms', 'edge', 'LEO', 'MEO', 'HEO', 'partnerships', 'multi-beam', 'Sources', 'Boeing', 'NYSE', 'executives', 'innovators', 'semi-conductors', 'dual-use', '50% Mbps', 'square-inch', 'Interoperability', 'performance', 'Virtualization', 'satellites', 'constellations', 'NTN', 'approach', 'flexibility', 'scalability', 'efficiency', 'pioneering', 'capability', 'collaboration']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,investing.com
38512,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854847/0/en/Weekly-Report-March-22-28-2024-on-the-First-Tranch-of-Stellantis-2024-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program  AMSTERDAM  March 29  2024 - Stellantis N.V....,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 29  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  covering up to €1 billion to be executed in the open market during the period between February 28  2024 and June 5  2024  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between March 22 up to and including March 28  2024:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 22-march-24 1 108 826 €26.9760 €29 911 719 75 MI 25-march-24 337 957 €27.0499 €9 141 692 09 MI 26-march-24 346 584 €26.6342 €9 230 992 66 MI Total 1 793 367 €26.9239 €48 284 404 50Since February 28  2024 up to and including March 28  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 14 607 013 common shares for a total consideration of € 370 860 650.20.As of March 28  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 156 697 310 common shares equal to 3.89% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.34,0.39,True,English,"['2024 Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranch', 'March', 'Stellantis', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'internal combustion engines', 'exchange rate fluctuations', '2024 Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'electronic control systems', 'special voting shares', 'other market risks', 'bold strategic plan', 'innovative, attractive products', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'global financial markets', 'interest rate changes', 'following common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'information technology systems', 'open market', 'Citroën', 'share capital', 'innovative brands', 'inherent risks', 'required volumes', 'local economic', '14,607,013 common shares', '6,697,310 common shares', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'future financial', 'other changes', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranch', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'remaining emissions', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'new businesses', 'significant malfunction', 'security breach', 'credit risk', 'raw materials', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'ambitious target', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'regional tariffs', 'total consideration', 'Stellantis’ vehicles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'March', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', 'cost', 'acquisitions', 'disruption', 'increases', 'supply', 'shortages', 'parts', 'components', 'imposition', 'enactment']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38513,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Weekly-Report-March-22-28-2024-on-the-First-Tranch-of-Stellantis-2024-Share-Buyback-Program-46321286/,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program -March 29  2024 at 04:46 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Weekly Report on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  March 29  2024 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  co…,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 29  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  covering up to €1 billion to be executed in the open market during the period between February 28  2024 and June 5  2024  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between March 22 up to and including March 28  2024:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 22-march-24 1 108 826 €26.9760 €29 911 719 75 MI 25-march-24 337 957 €27.0499 €9 141 692 09 MI 26-march-24 346 584 €26.6342 €9 230 992 66 MI Total 1 793 367 €26.9239 €48 284 404 50Since February 28  2024 up to and including March 28  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 14 607 013 common shares for a total consideration of € 370 860 650.20.As of March 28  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 156 697 310 common shares equal to 3.89% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.34,0.39,True,English,"['2024 Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranch', 'March', 'Stellantis', '04:46', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'internal combustion engines', 'exchange rate fluctuations', '2024 Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'electronic control systems', 'special voting shares', 'other market risks', 'bold strategic plan', 'innovative, attractive products', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'global financial markets', 'interest rate changes', 'following common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'information technology systems', 'open market', 'Citroën', 'share capital', 'innovative brands', 'inherent risks', 'required volumes', 'local economic', '14,607,013 common shares', '6,697,310 common shares', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'future financial', 'other changes', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranch', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'remaining emissions', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'new businesses', 'significant malfunction', 'security breach', 'credit risk', 'raw materials', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'ambitious target', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'regional tariffs', 'total consideration', 'Stellantis’ vehicles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'March', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', 'cost', 'acquisitions', 'disruption', 'increases', 'supply', 'shortages', 'parts', 'components', 'imposition', 'enactment']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38514,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/weekly-report-march-2228-2024-on-the-first-tranch-of-stellantis-2024-share-buyback-program-93CH-3358262,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program By Investing.com,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch  of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 29  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (NYSE: ) (Stellantis or the Company) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  covering up to €1 billion to be executed in the open market during the period between February 28  2024 and June 5  2024  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between March 22 up to and including March 28  2024:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 22-march-24 1 108 826 €26.9760 €29 911 719 75 MI 25-march-24 337 957 €27.0499 €9 141 692 09 MI 26-march-24 346 584 €26.6342 €9 230 992 66 MI Total 1 793 367 €26.9239 €48 284 404 50Since February 28  2024 up to and including March 28  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 14 607 013 common shares for a total consideration of € 370 860 650.20.As of March 28  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 156 697 310 common shares equal to 3.89% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis' corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It's best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  CitroÃ«n  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot (OTC: )  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis For more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as may  will  expect  could  should  intend  estimate  anticipate  believe  remain  on track  design  target  objective  goal  forecast  projection  outlook  prospects  plan  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis' current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis' ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis' ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis' ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis' ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis' vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis' vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis' ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis' defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis' ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis' ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis' ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis' relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis' ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis' Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis' financial results  is included in Stellantis' reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.AttachmentPR 29 03 2024 -Stellantis- First Tranche share Buyback Program Weekly-ReportSource: STELLANTIS N.V,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.41,0.45,True,English,"['Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranch', 'March', 'Investing', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'internal combustion engines', 'exchange rate fluctuations', '2024 Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'electronic control systems', 'special voting shares', 'other market risks', 'bold strategic plan', 'innovative, attractive products', 'other anticipated aspects', ""Stellantis' corporate website"", 'global financial markets', 'interest rate changes', 'following common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'information technology systems', 'open market', 'CitroÃ«n', 'share capital', 'innovative brands', 'inherent risks', 'required volumes', 'local economic', '14,607,013 common shares', '6,697,310 common shares', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'future financial', 'other changes', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranch', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'remaining emissions', 'business strategies', 'current state', 'undue reliance', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'new businesses', 'significant malfunction', 'security breach', 'credit risk', 'raw materials', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'operating results', 'Actual results', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'ambitious target', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'regional tariffs', 'total consideration', ""Stellantis' vehicles"", 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'March', 'AMSTERDAM', 'NYSE', 'February', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'OTC', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communications', 'operations', 'benefits', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'goal', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', 'cost', 'acquisitions', 'disruption', 'increases', 'supply', 'shortages', 'parts', 'components', 'imposition', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'level']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,investing.com
38515,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GAROFALO-HEALTH-CARE-S-P--47103079/news/GHC-Annual-Financial-Report-and-additional-documentation-for-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-Shareholder-46318955/,GHC: Annual Financial Report and additional documentation for Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting made available -March 29  2024 at 05:22 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release    GAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.: ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT AND ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 29  2024 MADE AVAILABLE   Rome  March 29  2024 - Garofalo Health…,"Press ReleaseGAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.: ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT AND ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 29  2024 MADE AVAILABLERome  March 29  2024 - Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. (""GHC"")  announces that today have been made available to the public at the registered office  on the authorised storage mechanism eMarket STORAGE (www.emarketstorage.com) and on the Company website (www.garofalohealthcare.com  Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section) the following documents:- the Annual Financial Report at December 31  2023  which includes the Separate Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements at December 31  2023 (including the ESEF format)  the Directors' Report  the declaration as per Article 154-bis  paragraph 5  of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24  1998 (""CFA"")  together with the Board of Statutory Auditors' Report and the Independent Auditors' Report;- the Consolidated non-financial report for 2023 (""NFS"")  drawn up in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 254 of December 30  2016 and Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of June 18  2020;- the 2023 Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure Report as per Article 123-bis of the CFA and as per the Corporate Governance Code;- the disclosure to the public as per Article 84-bis  paragraph 5 of the Consob Issuers' Regulation concerning the ""Performance Share Plan 2021-2023"";- the 2024 Remuneration policy and 2023 report in accordance with Article 123-ter of the CFA and Article 84-quarter of the Issuers' Regulation.The complete copies of the financial statements of the subsidiaries or summary statements as per Article 2429  paragraph 4 of the Civil Code  in addition to the key financial highlights of the latest financial statements of the associated companies as per Article 2429  paragraph 3 of the Civil Code  shall be made available to the public at the registered office of GHC according to the manners and deadlines established by the applicable regulation.The additional documentation regarding the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting will be made available to the public in accordance with law.The notice of filing of the above documentation shall also be published in the IlSole24Ore daily newspaper on March 30  2024.* * *The GHC GroupThe GHC Group  listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange  is an Italian accredited private healthcare leader operating through 37 healthcare clinics demonstrating excellence  located in Italy's strongest regions and offering a comprehensive range of services covering all areas of healthcare thanks to diversified specialties  the use of cutting-edge technologies and highly-qualified personnel. The Group in fact operates across eight regions in Northern and Central Italy (Piedmont  Lombardy  Veneto  Friuli-Venezia Giulia  Emilia Romagna  Liguria  Tuscany and Lazio)  covering in the hospital sector acute admissions  long-term care  post-acute rehabilitations and outpatient services (the ""Hospital Sector"")  and in the social services and dependency care sector covering residential admissions and district outpatient services (the ""Regional and Social-Care Sector"").* * *FOR FURTHER DETAILS:Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. Mimmo Nesi - Investor RelatorTel. +39 06 68489231 -ir@garofalohealthcare.com Website:www.garofalohealthcare.comPress OfficeBarabino & PartnersMassimiliano Parboni -m.parboni@barabino.it Tel. +39 335 8304078Giuseppe Fresa -g.fresa@barabino.it Tel. +39 348 5703197",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'additional documentation', 'GHC', 'March', '05:22', 'GAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.', 'Italian accredited private healthcare leader', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'dependency care sector', ""EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", ""Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'Performance Share Plan', 'IlSole24Ore daily newspaper', 'key financial highlights', ""Statutory Auditors' Report"", ""Independent Auditors' Report"", 'Consolidated non-financial report', 'Ownership Structure Report', 'authorised storage mechanism', 'ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT', 'Separate Financial Statements', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'latest financial statements', 'Legislative Decree No.', ""Consob Issuers' Regulation"", 'district outpatient services', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'The GHC Group', 'long-term care', 'Press Office Barabino', 'The Group', '2023 Corporate Governance', '37 healthcare clinics', ""Directors' Report"", 'summary statements', 'Press Release', 'eMarket STORAGE', 'registered office', 'Civil Code', 'hospital sector', 'Social-Care Sector', 'ESEF format', '2024 Remuneration policy', 'complete copies', 'applicable regulation', 'strongest regions', 'comprehensive range', 'diversified specialties', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'qualified personnel', 'eight regions', 'Friuli-Venezia Giulia', 'Emilia Romagna', 'acute admissions', 'post-acute rehabilitations', 'social services', 'residential admissions', 'FURTHER DETAILS', 'Mimmo Nesi', 'Investor Relator', 'ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION', 'Company website', 'Central Italy', 'Massimiliano Parboni', 'Giuseppe Fresa', 'Article 84-quarter', '2023 report', 'Article 2429', 'APRIL', 'Rome', 'public', 'emarketstorage', 'garofalohealthcare', 'following', 'documents', 'December', 'declaration', '4-bis', 'paragraph', 'February', 'CFA', 'Board', 'NFS', 'accordance', 'June', 'disclosure', 'subsidiaries', 'companies', 'manners', 'deadlines', 'law', 'notice', 'filing', 'March', 'excellence', 'areas', 'fact', 'Northern', 'Piedmont', 'Lombardy', 'Veneto', 'Liguria', 'Tuscany', 'Lazio', 'Regional', 'Tel.', 'Partners', '30']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38516,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/29/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp-is-ballast-inc-s-10th-largest-position/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP) is Ballast Inc.’s 10th Largest Position,Ballast Inc. grew its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.5% during the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investo…,Ballast Inc. grew its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.5% during the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 65 680 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 1 571 shares during the quarter. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF comprises 3.6% of Ballast Inc.’s holdings  making the stock its 10th largest position. Ballast Inc.’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $10 364 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in RSP. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC grew its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% in the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 123 859 000 after purchasing an additional 7 948 942 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 12.8% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 18 941 150 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2 683 772 000 after purchasing an additional 2 153 993 shares during the period. Citigroup Inc. increased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 275.0% during the third quarter. Citigroup Inc. now owns 2 278 078 shares of the company’s stock worth $322 781 000 after purchasing an additional 1 670 580 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 70.7% during the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3 732 901 shares of the company’s stock worth $528 915 000 after purchasing an additional 1 545 894 shares during the period. Finally  Chai Trust Co. LLC boosted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 926.0% in the 3rd quarter. Chai Trust Co. LLC now owns 1 705 786 shares of the company’s stock valued at $241 693 000 after purchasing an additional 1 539 527 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceInvesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock opened at $169.37 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $47.88 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. The firm has a 50 day simple moving average of $161.39 and a 200-day simple moving average of $151.94. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1-year low of $133.34 and a 1-year high of $169.80.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', '10th Largest Position', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Ballast Inc.', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Chai Trust Co. LLC', 'New York Mellon Corp', '50 day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'other hedge funds', 'concise daily summary', 'other institutional investors', 'latest 13F filings', 'daily performance', 'recent reporting period', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'recent disclosure', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Ballast Inc.', 'Exchange Commission', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'financial companies', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'third quarter', '3rd quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 1,571 shares', 'additional 7,948,942 shares', 'additional 2,153,993 shares', 'additional 1,670,580 shares', 'additional 1,545,894 shares', 'additional 1,539,527 shares', '65,680 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '18,941,150 shares', '2,278,078 shares', '3,732,901 shares', '1,705,786 shares', 'position', 'company', 'Securities', 'holdings', '10th', 'end', 'number', 'changes', 'Bank', 'stake', 'Friday', 'beta', 'firm', 'transportation']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,etfdailynews.com
38517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/29/segro-lonsgro-stock-crosses-above-two-hundred-day-moving-average-of-814-77/,SEGRO (LON:SGRO) Stock Crosses Above Two Hundred Day Moving Average of $814.77,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) shares crossed above its two hundred day moving average during trading on Thursday . The stock has a two hundred day moving average of GBX 814.77 ($10.30) and traded as high as GBX 904 ($11.42). SEGRO shares last traded …,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) shares crossed above its two hundred day moving average during trading on Thursday . The stock has a two hundred day moving average of GBX 814.77 ($10.30) and traded as high as GBX 904 ($11.42). SEGRO shares last traded at GBX 903.80 ($11.42)  with a volume of 2 490 451 shares.Analysts Set New Price TargetsA number of equities research analysts have commented on SGRO shares. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of SEGRO in a report on Wednesday  February 28th. HSBC upgraded SEGRO to a “buy” rating and set a GBX 964 ($12.18) price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday  March 21st. Finally  Berenberg Bank raised their price target on shares of SEGRO from GBX 863 ($10.91) to GBX 940 ($11.88) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday  February 22nd.Get SEGRO alerts:Check Out Our Latest Research Report on SGROSEGRO Price PerformanceSEGRO Increases DividendThe company’s fifty day moving average is GBX 860.56 and its two-hundred day moving average is GBX 814.77. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 50.61  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a current ratio of 0.88. The firm has a market cap of £12.11 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of -4 303.81  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.73.The company also recently announced a dividend  which will be paid on Friday  May 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday  March 14th will be paid a GBX 19.10 ($0.24) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday  March 14th. This is an increase from SEGRO’s previous dividend of $8.70. This represents a dividend yield of 2.29%. SEGRO’s dividend payout ratio is -13 333.33%.Insider Buying and Selling at SEGROIn other SEGRO news  insider Carol Fairweather acquired 8 000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday  March 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 878 ($11.10) per share  for a total transaction of £70 240 ($88 765.32). 0.26% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders.About SEGRO(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Two Hundred Day Moving Average', 'SEGRO', 'SGRO', 'Stock', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'two hundred day moving average', 'fifty day moving average', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '10.4 million square metres', 'concise daily summary', 'New Price Targets', 'insider Carol Fairweather', 'London Stock Exchange', 'SEGRO Price Performance', 'Latest Research Report', 'Get Free Report', 'equities research analysts', 'GBX 964 ($12.18) price objective', 'dividend payout ratio', 'other SEGRO news', 'average cost', 'email address', 'SEGRO Daily', 'research note', 'Insider Buying', 'latest news', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'growth ratio', 'Shore Capital', 'buy” rating', 'Berenberg Bank', 'hold” rating', 'market cap', 'ex-dividend date', 'corporate insiders', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'earnings ratio', 'previous dividend', 'dividend yield', 'SEGRO Plc', 'SEGRO alerts', 'SEGRO Increases', 'total transaction', 'March 14th', 'SEGRO shares', 'SGRO shares', '2,490,451 shares', '8,000 shares', 'GBX 19.10', 'trading', 'Thursday', 'volume', 'number', 'Wednesday', 'HSBC', 'company', 'February', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'Friday', 'May', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Selling', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers', 'Ratings']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,etfdailynews.com
38518,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/29/washington-trust-co-raises-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,WASHINGTON TRUST Co Raises Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),WASHINGTON TRUST Co increased its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 195.6% during the fourth quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 138 shar…,WASHINGTON TRUST Co increased its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 195.6% during the fourth quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 138 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 753 shares during the quarter. WASHINGTON TRUST Co’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $180 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in RSP. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 12.8% during the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 18 941 150 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 683 772 000 after purchasing an additional 2 153 993 shares during the last quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% during the 4th quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 123 859 000 after buying an additional 7 948 942 shares during the last quarter. Truist Financial Corp lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.5% in the 3rd quarter. Truist Financial Corp now owns 7 814 755 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 107 273 000 after acquiring an additional 112 526 shares during the period. UBS Group AG boosted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 17.4% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 5 948 672 shares of the company’s stock valued at $842 867 000 after acquiring an additional 880 506 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Invesco Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 15.6% during the third quarter. Invesco Ltd. now owns 4 521 037 shares of the company’s stock worth $640 586 000 after acquiring an additional 609 306 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceNYSEARCA:RSP opened at $169.37 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $47.88 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1 year low of $133.34 and a 1 year high of $169.80. The stock has a fifty day moving average price of $161.39 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $151.94.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'WASHINGTON TRUST Co', 'Holdings', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'fifty day moving average price', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Several other institutional investors', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'UBS Group AG', 'other hedge funds', 'WASHINGTON TRUST Co', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Truist Financial Corp', 'latest 13F filings', 'recent SEC filing', 'daily performance', 'Invesco Ltd.', 'recent filing', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'financial companies', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'Morgan Stanley', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', 'last quarter', '4th quarter', '3rd quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 753 shares', 'additional 2,153,993 shares', 'additional 7,948,942 shares', 'additional 112,526 shares', 'additional 880,506 shares', 'additional 609,306 shares', '1,138 shares', '18,941,150 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '7,814,755 shares', '5,948,672 shares', '4,521,037 shares', 'position', 'Securities', 'company', 'holdings', 'stakes', 'period', 'Friday', 'beta', '1 year', 'transportation']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,etfdailynews.com
38519,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PORTOBELLO-S-P-A-44954066/news/PORTOBELLO-consolidated-results-approved-as-of-31-12-2023-46320500/,PORTOBELLO: consolidated results approved as of 31/12/2023. -March 29  2024 at 12:12 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   PORTOBELLO: consolidated results approved as of 31/12/2023. Adjusted1 Value of Productions to approximately Euro 147.8 million  adjusted EBITDA to approximately Euro 17 million  adjusted Net Income to approximately…,"PRESS RELEASEPORTOBELLO: consolidated results approved as of 31/12/2023. Adjusted1 Value of Productions to approximately Euro 147.8 million  adjusted EBITDA to approximately Euro 17 million  adjusted Net Income to approximatelyEuro 0.92 million.Key Adjusted Consolidated Results:- Adjusted Value of Production to Euro 147.8 million- Adjusted EBITDA approximately Euro 17 million- Adjusted EBIT approximately Euro 8.7 million- Adjusted Net Profit approximately Euro 0.92 million- Net financial debt approximately Euro 49.7 million. Current financial debt approximately Euro 26.5 million.Rome  March 29  2024Portobello S.p.A. (""Portobello"" or the ""Company"")  a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market that operates as a barter business in the publishing and advertising sector and is the owner of the retail chain with the same name and of ePRICE portal  announces that today the Board of Directors of the Company examined and approved the consolidated financial statements as well as the draft financial statements of Portobello as of December 31  2023; the latter will be submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting on April 29  2024  and  if necessary  on a second call on May 13  2024.Roberto Panfili  Co-founder and COO of Portobello  stated:""2023 was a very challenging year for Portobello due to a series of exogenous events that made the ordinary management of business activities problematic. The main problem arose mainly from the agreement that the Company entered into with the Italian Revenue Agency  which  on one hand  resulted in a reduction of the available working capital  needed to meet the daily needs of both the retail area and barter activities  which consequently contracted. On the other hand  it generated a commercial credibility problem that took months to resolve and  again  exacerbated the contraction of commercial activities.Portobello  despite these major complexities  demonstrated all its resilience  the result of a solid and now consolidated business model  thanks to which it managed  albeit with difficulty  to meet ordinary needs and to open during 2023  6 new points of sale within large shopping centers throughout the national territory  reaching a total commercial area of approximately 27 thousand square meters and carrying out two capital increases  also thanks to the support of the shareholder Expandi Srl  which injected new liquidity and allowed the Company to start again already in the last weeks of 2023.We look with renewed optimism to 2024 where we aim to restart the growth path with tenacity and determination and with the support of the women and men of Portobello who  thanks to their professionalism  passion  and team spirit  have moved the Company forward in the face of critical moments.""1 Adjusted: results adjusted for non-recurring extraordinary items. For a detailed breakdown of the adjusted items  please refer to the note on page 11Consolidated Economic and Financial Results as of December 31  2023On August 28  2023  Portobello entered into an agreement with the Italian Revenue Agency aimed at settling out-of-court disputes regarding VAT and direct taxes for the tax years from 2017 to 2020. As a result of this agreement  which Portobello decided to enter into to avoid the time and costs of significant tax litigation and to potentially benefit from certain reductions in imposed penalties (so-called tax truce)  without the signing of this agreement implying or being interpreted as an acceptance or endorsement of the positions taken by the Revenue Agency on tax matters  for which the Company reiterates that it has always acted with the utmost correctness  promptness  and determination  Portobello faced a reduction in available working capital  as well as a commercial credibility issue that inevitably led to a contraction in commercial activities. As evidence of this  the Company was unable to utilize available advertising spaces worth approximately Euro 22 million expiring at the end of 2023  which were fully accounted for in the balance sheet and would have generated revenues  based on historical data of similar transactions  of at least Euro 44 million. Below is the breakdown of adjusted net turnover (which includes foregone revenues related to barter activities solely linked to advertising spaces expiring at the end of 2023) as of December 31  2023  by business area.Business Area Media Retail (or B2C) B2B Other revenues Adjusted Value of 31/12/2023 90 289 245 23 155 453 34 074 064 31/12/2022 71 828 232 24 593 508 33 466 056 595 366 130 483 162 Absolute change 18 461 013 -1 438 055 608 008 -265 512 17 365 454 Change % Production 329 854 25.70% -5.85% 1.82% -44.60% 13.31% 147 848 616Net of these components  there is a consolidated net turnover of Euro 103.9 million.In detail: MEDIA. The Media channel of Portobello recorded adjusted revenues of Euro 90.3 million obtained through all collection channels. The adjusted items differ from ordinary items as they incorporate foregone revenues related to the use of Euro 22 million worth of advertising spaces expiring on December 31  2023  which the Company would have used for barter merchandise exchange  potentially generating additional revenue  based on historical transaction series of at least Euro 44 million. Net of these components  the net revenues of the Media BU amounted to Euro 46.3 million. RETAIL. The retail channel recorded revenues of Euro 23.2 million in 2023. Extraordinary components did not impact the Retail BU. Furthermore  the Portobello Group opened 6 stores in the following shopping centers: - C.C. Curno - Curno (BG); - C.C. To Dream - Turin; - C.C. Katanè - Gravina di Catania (CT); - C.C. Il Castello - Ferrara; - C.C. Le Corti Venete - S. Martino Buon Albergo (VR); - C.C. Merlata Bloom - Milan. B2B. B2B sales recorded revenues of Euro 34.1 million  up 1.8% compared to December 31  2022  thanks to the Company's ability to monetize stocks without loss of margins. Extraordinarycomponents did not impact the B2B BU. This type of activity is transversal and useful for monetizing products that are not sellable in Portobello stores  or related to purchases that have volumes too high compared to currently open stores.Consolidated adjusted EBITDA amounted to Euro 17 million compared to Euro 18.2 million recorded in the 2022 financial year. This value  slightly lower than historical averages  is mainly related to the promotional activity for the launch of new stores through targeted promotions that quickly created traffic and brand awareness. Adjusted items differ from ordinary items due to the following extraordinary components related to (i) the aforementioned agreement with the Revenue Agency aimed at settling out-of-court disputes regarding VAT and direct taxes for the tax years from 2017 to 2020  amounting to Euro 10 408 549  (ii) media spaces that the Company could have resold in exchange for merchandise that would have  based on historical transaction series  likely generated additional revenues of Euro 44 million  and (iii) the consolidation difference related to the stake in PB Retail S.r.l.  amounting to Euro 2.8 million. Net of these components  there is a negative Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA of Euro 38.2 million (Euro 18.2 million as of December 31  2022).Consolidated adjusted EBIT amounted to Euro 8.7 million compared to Euro 13.5 million recorded in the 2022 financial year; Consolidated adjusted EBT amounted to Euro 6.4 million compared to Euro 12.2 million recorded in the 2022 financial year. Net of extraordinary components  there is a negative Adjusted Consolidated EBIT of Euro 46.5 million and a negative Adjusted Consolidated adjusted EBT of Euro 48.8 million.Consolidated adjusted Net Profit amounted to Euro 0.92 million compared to a profit of Euro 7.7 million in the 2022 financial year. Net of extraordinary components  there is a negative Consolidated adjusted Net Profit of Euro 44.9 million.Net fixed assets amount to Euro 15.9 million  increasing by Euro 1.7 million  or 11.7%  while finished goods inventories decrease by approximately Euro 5.3 million to a total value of approximately Euro 51 million  gross of the related write-down provision.The Group's Net Equity amounts to Euro 12.1 million  of which Euro 6.5 million pertains to third parties.The overall net financial debt amounts to Euro 49.7 million (Euro 42.4 million as of December 31  2022)  while current financial debt amounts to Euro 26.5 million. This variation is mainly due to investments related to new openings.Main economic-financial results of Portobello S.p.A. as of December 31  2023 Value of Production: Euro 97.5 million (compared to Euro 124.6 million as of December 31  2022); EBITDA: Euro -29 million (compared to Euro 22.7 million as of December 31  2022); Net Profit: Euro -34.1 million (compared to Euro 13.1 million as of December 31  2022);Predictable Management EvolutionThe Company's administrative body convened a Shareholders' Meeting on November 23  2023  which mandated the administrative body itself to carry out capital increases of up to a maximum of Euro 20 million in the following five years. The Company utilized this authorization to initiate two capital increases  the first with pre-emptive rights ended on February 8  2024  for a total consideration of Euro 7 999 950.00  while the second  without pre-emptive rights  concluded on February 19  2024  for a total consideration of Euro 4 627 350. Considering the success of the two capital increases and after a careful analysis of the current situation and medium-to-long-term prospects  it is reasonable to expect that the Company will continue to constitute a sustainable economic complex destined for income production over a multi-year period.Proposal for the Allocation of the Year's ProfitThe Board of Directors has resolved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting to cover the loss by using the Extraordinary Reserve.Events Following December 31  2023 Renewal of the Euronext Growth Advisor Appointment to Integrae Sim On January 10  2024  Portobello signed the renewal of the appointment of Euronext Growth Advisor (""EGA"") with Integrae SIM S.p.A. for the next three years. Integrae SIM S.p.A. will thus remain as EGA until January 25  2027 (inclusive). Start of dialogue with Financing Banks The Company  regarding three ongoing financings granted by credit institutions  with a total amount of Euro 15 936 363.60  and for which the failure to meet even a single covenant entitles the Banks to the right of early withdrawal from the financing  has already proceeded  in advance of the contractually scheduled date  to initiate discussions with all financing Banks aimed at suspending the covenant assessment as of December 31  2023  and obtaining an amendment aimed at redefining the value of the financial parameters used for covenant assessment as of December 31  2023  as well as optimizing the repayment installments of the existing financings. Standardization of Store Chain Layout: closure of one store in Milan and two stores in Rome In the early months of 2024  the Company closed one store in Milan  located in Via Torino  and two stores in Rome  located in Via Tiburtina and Piazza Santa Maria Maggiore. The commercial area and the multi-level location of the premises were deemed unsuitable for Portobello's standard layout  thus not allowing for an optimal shopping experience for customers. Furthermore  the decision to close the store on Via Torino is also related to the potential better performance opportunities of another Portobello store opened in Milan in October 2023 within the new Merlata Bloom shopping center. Fully subscribed capital increase deliberated by the Board of Directors through a new issue of 1 142 850 ordinary shares for a total consideration of Euro 7 999 950.00. On February 8  2024  the Company announced the completion of the offer of a maximum of 1 142 850 ordinary shares of Portobello (the ""New Shares"") resulting from the capital increase deliberated by the Board of Directors on December 11  2023  based on the authorization conferred by the extraordinary shareholders' meeting on November 23  2023 (the ""Capital Increase""). On January 11  the Board of Directors had established the definitive conditions of the capital increase to be offered as an option to the shareholders: during the option offer period of the New Shares to the holders of Portobello ordinary shares  which started on January 15  2024  and ended on February 1  2024 (the ""Option Period"")  a total of 2 937 255 option rights were exercised  and consequently  979 085 New Shares were subscribed  representing 85.67% of the total New Shares resulting from the Capital Increase  for an overall amount (including the premium) of Euro 6 853 595.00. The shareholder Expandi S.r.l.  in line with what was communicated on December 11  2023  having become the assignee of the option rights of shareholders Simone Prete  Pietro Peligra  and Roberto Panfili (the latter on his own and through Matilde S.a.s. di Mabe Srl Semplificata & C.) during the Option Period  exercised a total of 1 607 421 option rights and consequently subscribed to 535 807 New Shares  for a total consideration of Euro 3 750 649.00. The remaining 491 295 option rights not exercised during the Option Period (""Unexercised Rights"")  which entitle the subscription of 163 765 Portobello ordinary shares  corresponding to 14.33% of the total New Shares  were offered on Euronext Growth Milan and fully sold during the sessions on February 6 and 7  2024. On February 8  the last day on which the Unexercised Rights purchased on Euronext Growth Milan could be exercised  203 New Shares were subscribed for a total amount (including the premium) of Euro 1 421.00. The remaining 163 562 New Shares  for a total consideration of Euro 1 144 934.00  weresubscribed by the shareholder Expandi S.r.l. in conformity with the commitment - communicated to the market on December 11  2023 - to ensure the successful completion of the Capital Increase up to the maximum total amount of Euro 5 000 000.00 (including the portion already paid for the subscription of the New Shares during the Option Period). Following this additional subscription by the shareholder Expandi S.r.l.  the Capital Increase is fully subscribed for a total consideration of Euro 7 999 950.00. Successfully Completed Reserved Capital Increase for Qualified/Institutional Investors through Accelerated Bookbuilding Procedure for a Total Value of Euro 4 627 350.00. On February 19  2024  the Company announced the successful subscription of the capital increase deliberated by the Board of Directors on February 19  2024  further to the authorization pursuant to Article 2443 of the Italian Civil Code granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on November 23  2023. The capital increase involved a total of 661 050 new ordinary shares without indication of nominal value  corresponding to approximately 12.44% of the new share capital  for a total consideration of the increase amounting to Euro 4 627 350 (inclusive of the premium) and was carried out excluding the subscription rights pursuant to Article 2441  paragraph 5  of the Italian Civil Code. The new shares were placed at a price per share of Euro 7.00  of which Euro 0.19 was allocated to share capital and Euro 6.81 to the premium  and were admitted to trading on Euronext Growth Milan on equal terms with the existing shares and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The transaction was settled by the delivery of the securities and payment of the consideration on February 23  2024. Following the full subscription of the new shares  the post-increase share capital of Portobello amounts to Euro 1 017 191.40  divided into 5 315 602 ordinary shares without indication of nominal value  with a free float of approximately 43.75%.Convocation of the Shareholders' MeetingThe Board of Directors resolved to convene the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on April 29  2024  on first call  and  if necessary  on May 13  2024  on second call.The topics on the agenda of the Assembly are:For the Ordinary Part: Approval of the financial statements as of December 31  2023. Presentation of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023. Resolutions related and consequent thereto; Determination regarding the allocation of the net profit; Appointment of the members of the Board of Directors  after determining their number  term of office  and related remuneration. Resolutions related and consequent thereto; Appointment of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors and determination of their remuneration. Resolutions related and consequent thereto; Assignment of the audit engagement to an audit firm pursuant to Article 13 of Legislative Decree no. 39/2010. Resolutions related and consequent thereto;For the Extraordinary Part: Proposal to amend Articles 15 (Intervention and Voting)  19 (Number  Duration  Characteristics  and Composition)  and 20 (Appointment of Directors) of the company's bylaws. Resolutions related and consequent thereto.Within the terms provided by current regulations  the notice of the Meeting (which will also indicate the participation methods) will be made available to the public at the Company's Registered Office and on the Company's website at www.portobellospa.com  where the annual financial report as of December 31  2023  the consolidated financial report as of December 31  2023  and the directors' reports to the Meeting on theproposals concerning the agenda items will also be available.Other Resolutions of the Board of DirectorsStatutory AmendmentsThe Board of Directors deemed it appropriate to propose to the next Shareholders' Meeting some modifications/integrations to the current bylaws in order to update and align them with the new applicable legislative and regulatory provisions. Specifically  the Board of Directors resolved to propose amendments to Articles 15 (Intervention and Voting)  19 (Number  Duration  Characteristics  and Composition)  and 20 (Appointment of Directors) of the company's bylaws.Approval of Quantitative and Qualitative Criteria for the Assessment of Directors' Independence Furthermore  the Board of Directors defined  in accordance with Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulation  the quantitative and qualitative criteria to assess the significance of potentially relevant relationships for the purpose of evaluating compliance with the independence requirements set forth in Article 147-ter  paragraph 4  of Legislative Decree February 24  1998  no. 58 (""TUF"" Consolidated Financial Act). The document illustrating these criteria is available on Portobello's website  in the Governance section.AttachmentsBelow are the main financial statements of the Portobello Group related to the consolidated results as of December 31  2023  compared with the corresponding values (in Euros) as of December 31  2022  as follows:- Consolidated Profit and Loss Account as of 31/12/2023 (vs Profit and Loss Account as of 31/12/2022);- Consolidated Balance Sheet as of 31/12/2023 (vs Balance Sheet as of 31/12/2022);- Consolidated Cash Flow Statement as of 31/12/2023 (vs Cash Flow Statement as of 31/12/2022);- Consolidated adjusted profit and loss account as of 31/12/2023 (vs profit and loss account as of 31/12/2022);- Consolidated adjusted balance sheet as of 31/12/2023 (vs balance sheet as of 31/12/2022).Please note that the data provided are currently undergoing certification by the appointed Audit Firm.CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNTConsolidated Profit and Loss Account (euro) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Absolute change Change % Revenues from sales and services Other revenues and income 103 518 762 329 854 129 887 796 595 366 -26 369 034 -265 512 -20.30% -44.60% Value of production 103 848 616 130 483 162 (26 634 546) -20.41% Raw  ancillary  consumable materials and goods Change in inventories of raw  ancillary and consumable materials and goods 98 196 215 1 121 053 100 065 692 (15 809 826) -1 869 477 16 930 879 -1.87% -107.09% Cost of sales 99 317 268 84 255 866 15 061 402 17.88% Gross Margin 4 531 348 46 227 296 (41 695 948) -90.20% % 4 4% 35.4% -31.06% -87.68% Staff Use of third party assets Services Sundry operating expenses 12 044 519 9 267 139 9 159 365 12 218 351 11 264 083 6 917 707 9 067 792 818 923 780 436 2 349 432 91 573 11 399 428 6.93% 33.96% 1.01% 1392.00% EBITDA (38 158 026) 18 158 791 -56 316 817 -310.14% % -36.7% 13.9% -50.66% -364.03% Amortisation  provisions  and depreciations 8 342 745 4 680 538 3 662 207 78.24% EBIT (46 500 771) 13 478 253 -59 979 024 -445.01% % Other financial income Interest and other financial charges Value adjustments on financial assets -44.8% 469 479 (2 643 329) (170 370) 10.3% 13504 (884 653) (440 741) -55.11% -533.49% 3376.59% 198.80% -61.34% 455 975 (1 758 676) 270 371 Financial Management (2 344 220) (1 311 890) -1 032 330 78.69% EBT (48 844 991) 12 166 363 -61 011 354 -501.48% Current  deferred and prepaid income taxes for the year (3 964 757) 4 507 452 (8 472 209) -187.96% PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD (44 880 234) 7 658 911 -52 539 145 -685.99% % -43.2% 5.9% -49.09% -836.28%(*) EBITDA indicates the result before financial and extraordinary management  taxes  depreciation and amortisation of fixed assets  provisions and impairment of receivables. EBITDA  thus defined  is the indicator used by the directors of Portobello S.p.A. to monitor and evaluate the operational performance of the company's business. Since EBITDA is not identified as an accounting measure within the accounting standards  it should not be considered an alternative measure for the evaluation of Portobello S.p.A.'s operating performance. Since the composition of EBITDA is not regulated by the relevant accounting standards  the calculation criterion applied by Portobello S.p.A. may not be homogeneous with that adopted by other entities and/or groups and may  therefore  not be comparable.(**) EBIT indicates the result before financial expenses and taxes for the year. EBIT  therefore  represents the operating result before the remuneration of both third-party and own capital. EBIT  thus defined  represents the indicator used by the company's directors to monitor and evaluate the operational performance of the company's business. Since EBIT is not identified as an accounting measure within the scope of national accounting standards and its composition is not regulated by the reference accounting standards  the calculation criteria applied by the Company may not be homogeneous with that adopted by other entities and  therefore  may not be comparable with them.(***) The percentages indicated represent the incidence of the values in relation to the Company's typical revenues. Since these incidences are not identified as accounting measures within the national accounting standards and their composition is not regulated by the reference accounting standards  the determination criterion applied by the Company may not be homogeneous with that adopted by other entities and  therefore  may not be comparable with them.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETConsolidated Balance Sheet 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Absolute change Change % Intangible Fixed Assets Tangible Fixed Assets Financial Fixed Assets 8 507 279 3 067 660 4 286 305 6 312 335 3 313 805 2 194 944 (246 145) (288 707) 34.77% -7.43% -6.31% 4 575 012 NET FIXED ASSETS 15 861 244 14 201 152 1 660 092 11.69% Inventories 50 957 426 56 262 254 (5 304 828) -9.43% Inventories 50 957 426 56 262 254 (5 304 828) -9.43% Customers Suppliers 1 129 915 (30 874 369) 5 943 856 (7 756 744) (4 813 941) (23 117 625) -80.99% 298 03% Trade receivables and payables (29 744 454) (1 812 888) (27 931 566) 1540.72% Tax receivables and payables Other credits Other debts Accrued income and prepaid expenses Accrued expenses and deferred income (16 330 713) 9 348 725 (3 888 954) 35 145 883 (3 245 932) (9 272 939) 1 346 651 (2 244 339) 30 164 264 (1 617 844) (7 057 774) 8 002 074 (1 644 615) 4 981 619 (1 628 088) 76.11% 594.22% 73.28% 16.51% 100.63% Other current assets NET WORKING CAPITAL 21 029 008 42 241 981 18 375 793 72 825 159 2 653 215 (30 583 178) 14.44% -42.00% TFR Other funds (923 970) (1 877 276) (752 052) (902 963) (171 918) (974 313) 22.86% 107.90% CONSOLIDATED LIABILITIES NET INVESTED CAPITAL (2 801 246) 55 301 980 (1 655 015) 85 371 296 (1 146 231) (30 069 316) 69.26% -35.22% Capital Reserves (Profit) loss for the period Minority (profit) loss Minority shareholders' equity (674 450) (52 422 155) 40 988 834 3 891 400 6 531 105 (674 450) (34 592 923) (10 347 617) 2 688 705 2 675 275 (0) (17 829 232) 51 336 451 0.00% 51.54% -496.12% NET WORTH (5 576 666) (42 939 715) 37 363 049 -87.01% (Financial debts) Financial receivables (Bank debts) Cash and cash equivalents (514 659) 188 889 (50 292 981) 893 437 (761 315) 259 259 (44 773 656) 2 844 131 246 656 (70 370) (5 519 325) (1 950 694) -32.40% 12.33% -68.59% Net financial debt TOTAL SOURCES (49 725 314) (55 301 980) (42 431 581) (85 371 296) (7 293 733) 30 069 316 17.19% -35.22%CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTConsolidated cash flow statement  indirect method 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Cash flow statement  indirect method A) Cash flow from operating activities (indirect method) Profit (loss) for the year (44 880 234) 7 658 912 Income Taxes (3 964 757) 4 507 452 Interest expense/(income) 2 173 850 871 148 1) Profit (loss) for the year before income tax  interest  dividends and capital gains /losses on disposal (46 671 141) 13 037 512 Adjustments for non-monetary items that had no counterpart in Net working capital Provisions to Funds 5 703 073 2 301 118 Depreciation of fixed assets 3 186 827 2 835 004 Depreciation from impairment losses 170 370 440 741 Total adjustments for non-monetary items 35 570 - Total adjustments for non-monetary items that did not have a balancing entry in the net working capital 9 095 840 5 576 863 2) Cash flow before changes in net working capital (37 575 301) 18 614 375 Changes in net working capital Decrease/(Increase) in inventories 5 304 828 (12 342 682) Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables 4 813 941 (1 915 803) Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables 23 117 625 (4 124 027) Decrease/(Increase) in accrued income and prepaid expenses (4 981 619) (6 674 037) Increase/(Decrease) in accrued expenses and deferred income 1 628 088 (8 651 309) Other decreases/(Other increases) in net working capital 234 640 1 259 796 Total changes in net working capital 30 117 503 (32 448 062) 3) Cash flow after changes in net working capital (7 457 798) (13 833 687) Other corrections Interest received/(paid) (2 173 850) (871 148) (Income taxes paid) - (546 825) (Use of funds) (373.067) (1 533 069) Other receipts/(payments) - 237 317 Total other adjustments (2 546 917) (2 713 725) Cash flow from operating activities (A) (10 004 715) (16 547 412) B) Cash flows from investing activities Tangible fixed assets (Investments) (571 978) (1 929 011) Intangible fixed assets (Investments) (4 563 648) (3 189 539) Financial fixed assets (Investments) 118 337 (3 293 341) Financial assets not held as fixed assets (Investments) 70 370 (259 259) Cash flow from investing activities (B) (4 946 919) (8 671 150) C) Cash flows from financing activities Third-party means Increase/(Decrease) short-term payables to banks 1 552 566 580 269 Opening of loans 7 900 000 29 500 000 (Repayment of loans) (3 933241) (4 319 693) Own means Aumento di capitale a pagamento 5 005 000 Disposal/(Purchase) of treasury shares (4 650) (169 058) Cash flow from financing activities (C) 13 000 940 25 591 518 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A ± B ± C) (1 950 694 372 956 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Bank and postal deposits 2 694 925 2 382 957 Cash and valuables in the till 149 206 88 218 Total cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 2 844 131 2 471 175 Cash and cash equivalents at year-end Bank and postal deposits 663 854 2 694 925 Cash and valuables in the till 229 583 149 206 Total cash and cash equivalents at year-end 893 437 2 844 131ADJUSTED CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.08,0.16,0.77,True,English,"['consolidated results', 'PORTOBELLO', 'March', '31', '12:12', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Portobello S.p.A.', 'Key Adjusted Consolidated Results', 'Business Area Media Retail', 'Other revenues Adjusted Value', 'The Media channel', 'available working capital', 'large shopping centers', '27 thousand square meters', 'two capital increases', 'Current financial debt', 'draft financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'commercial credibility issue', 'consolidated business model', 'total commercial area', 'Italian Revenue Agency', 'recurring extraordinary items', 'significant tax litigation', 'Net financial debt', 'commercial credibility problem', 'consolidated net turnover', 'available advertising spaces', 'Euro 22 million worth', 'retail area', 'Financial Results', 'other hand', 'growth path', 'adjusted items', 'adjusted revenues', 'Consolidated Economic', 'Adjusted1 Value', 'retail chain', 'barter business', 'business activities', 'commercial activities', 'main problem', 'Net Income', 'Net Profit', 'advertising sector', 'tax years', 'tax truce', 'tax matters', 'foregone revenues', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'same name', 'ePRICE portal', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'second call', 'Roberto Panfili', 'challenging year', 'exogenous events', 'ordinary management', 'one hand', 'daily needs', 'barter activities', 'major complexities', 'ordinary needs', '6 new points', 'national territory', 'Expandi Srl', 'new liquidity', 'last weeks', 'team spirit', 'critical moments', 'court disputes', 'direct taxes', 'utmost correctness', 'balance sheet', 'historical data', 'similar transactions', 'Absolute change', 'collection channels', 'detailed breakdown', 'Change % Production', 'Productions', 'EBITDA', 'Rome', 'March', 'Company', 'publishing', 'owner', 'Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'latter', 'April', 'May', 'founder', 'COO', 'series', 'agreement', 'reduction', 'months', 'contraction', 'resilience', 'difficulty', 'sale', 'support', 'optimism', 'tenacity', 'determination', 'women', 'professionalism', 'passion', 'face', 'note', 'page', 'August', 'VAT', 'time', 'costs', 'penalties', 'signing', 'acceptance', 'endorsement', 'positions', 'promptness', 'evidence', 'B2C', 'B2B', 'components', 'use', '31', '2023']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38520,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/29/ritholtz-wealth-management-sells-372-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Ritholtz Wealth Management Sells 372 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Ritholtz Wealth Management decreased its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 7.4% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 4 645 shares of the…,Ritholtz Wealth Management decreased its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 7.4% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 4 645 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 372 shares during the period. Ritholtz Wealth Management’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $1 417 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Other institutional investors and hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $670 512 000. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in Public Storage by 111 535.5% in the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1 246 968 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $349 388 000 after buying an additional 1 245 851 shares during the last quarter. Second Half Financial Partners LLC acquired a new position in Public Storage in the 3rd quarter worth approximately $290 129 000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in Public Storage by 63.6% during the 1st quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $832 580 000 after buying an additional 1 071 347 shares during the last quarter. Finally  JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted its stake in Public Storage by 29.9% during the 3rd quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3 168 763 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $835 032 000 after acquiring an additional 729 262 shares during the period. 78.79% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Stock PerformanceNYSE PSA opened at $290.06 on Friday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58  a current ratio of 0.62 and a quick ratio of 0.62. The company has a market capitalization of $50.96 billion  a P/E ratio of 26.23  a PEG ratio of 3.78 and a beta of 0.54. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48. The business has a 50 day moving average price of $283.93 and a 200 day moving average price of $275.36.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). Public Storage had a net margin of 45.34% and a return on equity of 35.31%. The firm had revenue of $1.16 billion during the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year  the business posted $4.16 EPS. Public Storage’s revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Sell-side analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.92 EPS for the current fiscal year.The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  March 28th. Investors of record on Wednesday  March 13th were issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday  March 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.14%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is 108.50%.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesSeveral research analysts recently issued reports on PSA shares. Barclays started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Wednesday. They set an “overweight” rating and a $330.00 target price for the company. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. The Goldman Sachs Group raised their target price on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  January 11th. BMO Capital Markets increased their price objective on Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday  March 19th. Finally  Raymond James raised shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have given a hold rating  six have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the stock has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $302.50.Check Out Our Latest Stock Analysis on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.46,0.53,True,English,"['Ritholtz Wealth Management', 'Public Storage', '372 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', 'Second Half Financial Partners LLC', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement Public Storage', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'real estate investment trust', '50 day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Ritholtz Wealth Management', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'consensus price target', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Several research analysts', 'Other institutional investors', 'Public Storage alerts', 'current fiscal year', 'Public Storage Profile', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'average rating', 'net margin', '$330.00 target price', '$250.00 price target', '$330.00 price target', 'price objective', 'analyst estimates', 'Sell-side analysts', 'Norges Bank', 'current ratio', 'market capitalization', 'previous year', 'buy” rating', 'research report', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'Moderate Buy', 'research note', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', 'recent disclosure', 'Exchange Commission', 'recent filing', 'hedge funds', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'quick ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Raymond James', 'One analyst', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', '3rd quarter', '1st quarter', 'same quarter', 'PSA shares', 'new stake', 'equity ratio', 'earnings results', 'United States', 'new position', 'additional 1,245,851 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'additional 729,262 shares', '40 states', '4,645 shares', '372 shares', '1,246,968 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '3,168,763 shares', 'holdings', 'Securities', 'period', 'changes', 'positions', 'company', 'Co.', 'Friday', 'debt', 'beta', 'business', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'return', 'firm', 'revenue', '16.92 EPS', 'Thursday', 'March', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'Downgrades', 'reports', 'Barclays', 'coverage', 'January', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', '35% common', '45.', '35.31']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,etfdailynews.com
38521,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LA-FRANCAISE-DE-L-ENERGIE-28643001/news/La-Francaise-de-l-Energie-Acquisition-or-disposal-of-the-issuer-s-own-shares-Description-of-the-46316094/,La Française de l'Energie : Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares / Description of the buyback program -March 28  2024 at 08:45 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Announcement of the launch of a new Share Buy-Back program   Pontpierre  France  March 28th  2024 - FDE   a carbon negative energy producer  announces that the Board of Directors has decided to initiate another Share Buy-Back progr…,"Announcement of the launch of a new Share Buy-Back programPontpierre  France  March 28th  2024 - FDE (Euronext: FDE - ISIN: FR0013030152)  a carbon negative energy producer  announces that the Board of Directors has decided to initiate another Share Buy-Back program for the next 12 months. Such program could be for a maximum amount of EUR 50 million as per the authorization given by the FDE's general meeting of shareholders of November 30  2023  to be implemented for the purposes set forth in Article 5 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the ""MAR""). FDE will not hold more than 10% of the share issued capital.This new share Buy-Back program follows the Buy-Back operations carried out in 2023  following which FDE currently holds 1.6% of its capital (excluding treasury shares held under its liquidity contract).Investments made by FDE in recent years in its key energy activities have resulted in significant recurrent cash flow generations and the strengthening of its balance sheet. In the opinion of the FDE's Board of Directors and management  the businesses of the group are worth significantly more than the current market capitalisation.In that context  share repurchases should enhance the per-share intrinsic value of FDE shares  benefiting to the existing shareholders.The group's financial strength remains a clear focus for FDE to achieve its strategic objectives  focusing on the development of low carbon energy solutions and the increase in production of gas  power  heat  Bio-Co2 and hydrogen in Europe. The current balance sheet and ongoing FDE's cash generation  together with the support of its banking partners  are sufficient to deliver on its FY 2026 development plan.The amount of purchases will therefore vary upon the levels of free cash available and the attractiveness of new investments  together with the level of discount from management's estimate of intrinsic value.FDE may buy back shares in open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions  at management's discretion. TP ICAP (Europe) remains in charge of the liquidity contract.FDE reiterates its FYE 2026 objectives of annualized revenues exceeding EUR 100 million with an EBITDA reaching over EUR 50 million  combined with 10 million tons ofCO2eq emissions avoided per annum.Reuters code: LFDE.PAPresscontact@francaisedelenergie.fr + 33 3 87 04 34 51Next announcement:Q3 2022 sales - April 24th 2024Bloomberg code: LFDE.FPInvestor Relationsir@francaisedelenergie.fr + 33 3 87 04 34 512About La Française de l'ÉnergieFDE is a negative carbon footprint energy group  specialized in the implementation of local energy recovery and production sites  allowing the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. FDE notably supplies regional players with gas  electricity  heat and CO2  thus replacing imported energy with local  cleaner energy. FDE aims to become a leading independent player in the energy sector in Europe.More information available onwww.francaisedelenergie.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning LFDE's financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""can "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""is designed to "" ""may "" ""might "" ""plan "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""objective "" ""should "" or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management's current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company's control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of LFDE or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and LFDE undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['La Française', 'buyback program', 'Energie', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'issuer', 'shares', 'Description', 'March', '08:45', 'significant recurrent cash flow generations', 'negative carbon footprint energy group', 'carbon negative energy producer', 'low carbon energy solutions', 'new Share Buy-Back program', 'key energy activities', 'local energy recovery', 'local, cleaner energy', 'La Française', 'leading independent player', 'current market capitalisation', 'FY 2026 development plan', 'open market purchases', 'current balance sheet', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Forward looking statements', 'Such program', 'Buy-Back operations', 'energy sector', 'cash generation', 'free cash', 'new information', 'current assumptions', 'share repurchases', 'new investments', 'CO2eq emissions', 'March 28th', 'next 12 months', 'general meeting', 'liquidity contract', 'recent years', 'intrinsic value', 'financial strength', 'clear focus', 'strategic objectives', 'banking partners', 'TP ICAP', 'FYE 2026 objectives', 'annualized revenues', '10 million tons', 'Reuters code', 'PA Presscontact', 'Q3 2022 sales', 'April 24th', 'Bloomberg code', 'Investor Relationsir', 'regional players', 'More information', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'operating results', 'future performance', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'future results', 'treasury shares', 'maximum amount', 'existing shareholders', 'Next announcement', 'production sites', 'other factors', 'future events', 'ongoing FDE', 'FDE shares', 'launch', 'Pontpierre', 'France', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'Board', 'Directors', 'authorization', 'November', 'purposes', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'strengthening', 'opinion', 'management', 'businesses', 'context', 'increase', 'power', 'heat', 'Bio-Co2', 'hydrogen', 'Europe', 'support', 'levels', 'attractiveness', 'discount', 'estimate', 'transactions', 'discretion', 'charge', 'EBITDA', 'annum', 'LFDE', 'francaisedelenergie', 'FP', 'Énergie', 'implementation', 'reduction', 'electricity', 'Disclaimer', 'strategy', 'projects', 'markets', 'words', 'topics', 'forecasts', 'assessment', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'time', 'outcomes', 'company', 'control', 'performances', 'achievements', 'industry', 'representation', 'correctness', 'fairness', 'date', 'obligation', 'law']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38522,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQUASENS-23277319/news/Equasens-2023-Annual-Results-46320627/,Equasens: 2023 Annual Results -March 29  2024 at 01:03 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Villers-lès-Nancy  29 March 2024 - 6:00 p.m. PRESS RELEASE 2023 Annual Results Annual results impacted by the overperformance at the end of 2022 and early 2023 driven by solutions introduced under the Ségur programme as well as an unfavou…,"Villers-lès-Nancy  29 March 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)PRESS RELEASE2023 Annual ResultsAnnual results impacted by the overperformance at the end of 2022 and early 2023 driven by solutions introduced under the Ségur programme as well as an unfavourable economic climate Revenue: €219.7m  +2.6% Net Profit: €48.9m  +0.4% Net Profit attributable to Group shareholders: €47.0m  +1.4%The Current Operating Margin remains at a high level (25.4%)Dividend proposal for FY 2023: €1.25 per share (+9.2%)In €m 2021 2022 2023 Change2023/2022 Revenue 193.1 214.1 219.7 +2.6% Current Operating Income 50.5 56.8 55.8 -1.7% Net Profit* 41.2 48.7 48.9 +0.4% Net Profit attributable to the Group 39.1 46.4 47.0 +1.4% Basic earnings per share (in €) 2.6 3.09 3.13 +1.4%Current operating income (€m)2022 reported basis2023 reported basisChange / Reported basisChange/excl. business transfers2023 current operating margin 2023 contribution to Group current operating income PHARMAGEST 36.2 36.7 0.5 1.4% 0.9 2.6% 22.5% 65.7% AXIGATE LINK 11.7 10.4 -1.3 -10.7% -1.0 -9.0% 33.6% 18.7% E-CONNECT 6.2 6.7 0.5 7.5% 0.6 10.7% 44.5% 12.0% MEDICAL SOLUTIONS 3.1 2.2 -0.9 -28.6% -1.7 -43.7% 24.8% 3.9% FINTECH -0.3 -0.2 0.2 51.2% 0.2 51.2% -8.1% -0.3% 12 month YTD 56.8 55.8 -1.0 -1.7% -1.0 -1.7% 25.4% 100.0%On 29 March 2024  the Board of Directors of EQUASENS  chaired by Thierry CHAPUSOT  examined and approved the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 in the presence of the Statutory Auditors. The audit procedures for the consolidated accounts have been completed. The auditors' report will be issued after the management report has been reviewed and the procedures for filing the finalised annual report have been completed._____2023 highlightsAs a reminder  acquisitions completed by Equasens Group in 2023:In April: 100% of PRATILOG  an independent software publisher of solutions for the medical and paramedical professions  100% of SPEECH2SENSE  a start-up specialising in speech recognition technology and mobile solutions for the healthcare sector  100% of ATOOPHARM  a specialist in e-learning solutions for retail pharmacies.In November: 95% of ADV (now PHARMAGEST Germany)  a software publisher of pharmacy management applications in Germany and its subsidiary OPTIPHARM.The following changes in the scope of consolidation took place on 1 January 2023:The activities of ICT (International Cross Talk)  ISV of the MEDILINK solution for multidisciplinary group practices  initially part of the AXIGATE LINK Division  were transferred to the MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division.The CAREMEDS business (UK)  a provider of a Cloud application for pharmacies and nursing homes to manage and monitor the administration of patient treatment  was transferred from the E-CONNECT Division to the AXIGATE LINK Division.The activities of Ireland based MULTIMEDS and Germany based I-MEDS  providers of pill dispenser management solutions for patients in nursing homes and outpatient facilities  initially part of the E-CONNECT Division  were transferred to the PHARMAGEST Division.2023 consolidated income statement highlightsEquasens Group reported annual revenue of €219.7m  up 2.6% on 2022  despite an unfavourable comparison base linked to the boost provided by the Ségur digital healthcare investment programme and a difficult economic climate  particularly in the pharmacy market.This trend can be explained by several factors:The completed rollout of solutions under the Ségur programme resulting in declines of €4.6 million in Q4 and €4.2 million in FY 2023.A 2.3% decline in the revenue for the year  reflecting a wait-and-see attitude by healthcare professionals in an economic climate impacted by inflation and rising interest rates.Conversely:The positive contribution of acquisitions  and in particular ATOOPHARM (e-learning platform)  representing €2.9m for the year.9.2% growth in recurring revenues (maintenance and subscriptions) for the year  driven by indexation and subscription sales for new SaaS solutions.Despite a modest decline in Current Operating Profit by 1.7% to €55.8m at 31 December 2023  the Group's profitability remains at a high level  with a current operating margin of 25.4%. Significant efforts in terms of recruitment were made during the period to strengthen the sales and development teams of all the Divisions. The resulting impact on payroll  including inflation-linked increases  was €5m.PHARMAGEST Division: Current Operating Income: €36.7m  + 2.6%. The division bore the full impact of the end of deployment of the Ségur solutions  particularly in Q4 as well as the effects of an unfavourable economic climate on investment by pharmacists. The increase in salaries to keep up with inflation by this division whose business involves working closely with customers and therefore requiring a large number of employees in addition to increased R&D investments  contributed to a decline in current operating profit. These factors were partially offset by the impact of acquisitions  and in particular the ATOOPHARM e-learning platform  which has started to contribute to growth in earnings.The division bore the full impact of the end of deployment of the Ségur solutions  particularly in Q4 as well as the effects of an unfavourable economic climate on investment by pharmacists. The increase in salaries to keep up with inflation by this division whose business involves working closely with customers and therefore requiring a large number of employees in addition to increased R&D investments  contributed to a decline in current operating profit. These factors were partially offset by the impact of acquisitions  and in particular the ATOOPHARM e-learning platform  which has started to contribute to growth in earnings. AXIGATE LINK: Current Operating Income: €10.4m  - 9.0%. Despite this downturn  caused in part by a significant increase in payroll costs  the Division's profitability remained excellent  driven by an innovative SaaS offering  the introduction of new technologies in TITANLINK providing a competitive advantage which has met with considerable success in nursing homes in France and Belgium  and the study of new use cases for existing solutions.Despite this downturn  caused in part by a significant increase in payroll costs  the Division's profitability remained excellent  driven by an innovative SaaS offering  the introduction of new technologies in TITANLINK providing a competitive advantage which has met with considerable success in nursing homes in France and Belgium  and the study of new use cases for existing solutions. E-CONNECT: with Current Operating Income up 10.7% to €6.7 m  the division confirmed the success of its ""mobility"" offering  which now covers the complete range of mobility needs of healthcare professionals  from reading patient health insurance smart cards to issuing invoices.with m  the division confirmed the success of its ""mobility"" offering  which now covers the complete range of mobility needs of healthcare professionals  from reading patient health insurance smart cards to issuing invoices. MEDICAL SOLUTIONS: Current Operating Income fell 43.7% to €2.2m   though mainly in relation to the comparison base linked to the end of the Ségur roll-out and efforts to integrate the new subsidiaries PRATILOG and SPEECH2SENSE. The acquisition of PRATILOG in April 2024 has expanded the Group's ecosystem of business software applications to new healthcare practitioner segments (nurses  physiotherapists  private practitioners working in hospitals). In addition  the massive adoption of the new Medistory version has enabled PROKOV to establish a solid recurring revenue model  representing over 40% of its total sales.  though mainly in relation to the comparison base linked to the end of the Ségur roll-out and efforts to integrate the new subsidiaries PRATILOG and SPEECH2SENSE. The acquisition of PRATILOG in April 2024 has expanded the Group's ecosystem of business software applications to new healthcare practitioner segments (nurses  physiotherapists  private practitioners working in hospitals). In addition  the massive adoption of the new Medistory version has enabled PROKOV to establish a solid recurring revenue model  representing over 40% of its total sales. FINTECH: Current Operating Income: -€0.2m  though up 51.2%. The indexation of refinancing rates  which entered into force in September 2023  helped rebuild margins and restore the division's profitability  which was weakened by the sharp rise of interest rates in H1. A major effort to develop a new customer/patient payment solution (DISPAY) also weighed on the Division's profitability  though is expected to start contributing to revenue starting in H2 2024.Net Profit rose to €48.9m (+0.4%) and Net Profit Attributable to Equity Holders of the Parent to €47.0m (+1.4%). At 31 December 2023  Basic Earnings per Share amounted to €3.13  up from €3.09 one year earlier (+1.4%).Equasens Group  maintaining its dividend policy  will submit a proposal to the Annual General Meeting on 27 June 2024 for payment of a gross dividend of €1.25 per share (+9.2%).2023 consolidated balance sheet highlightsShareholders' equity stood at €227.6m at 31 December 2023 compared to €196.8m at the end of 2022.Cash flow after interest and tax remained stable at €61.6m.Significant capital expenditures were made in 2023 linked to a new network infrastructure which is expected to provide the Group with significant capacity for hosting healthcare data.With a gross cash position of €137.0m and a net financial surplus of €67.7m  up 24.4%  the Group has a high degree of autonomy and capacity for investment.OutlookThe Group is expecting a return to double-digit growth in revenue starting in 2025 while 2024 will be a period of investment in:R&D  continuing the efforts made in 2023 to develop new  innovative and disruptive products and services  Infrastructure to provide structural support to its healthcare data hosting services  Human resources to develop its sales forces throughout Europe. Growth will accelerate in 2025 and 2026  driven by: releases of new offers currently under development  the development and structuring of new activities in France and Europe. A large number of innovations brought to market since the end of 2023 and a more favourable economic environment for pharmacies should contribute to a recovery by the PHARMAGEST Division beginning in the second half of 2024. The acquisition of a majority stake in DIGIPHARMACIE  the supplier invoice digitisation platform  will strengthen the Group's offering to healthcare professionals and allow it to prepare in advance to meet new obligations for issuing digital invoices. The evolution of the Group’s offering towards high value-added SaaS solutions will also improve the profitability of all the Divisions. With solid financial resources at its disposal  the Group confirms its continuing interest in exploring opportunities for external growth.Executive Management appointmentOn the proposal of Denis SUPPLISSON  Chief Executive Officer  on 29 March 2024 the Board of Directors approved the appointment of Mr Damien VALICON  currently Head of the PHARMAGEST Division  as non-administrator Deputy Chief Executive Officer.Damien VALICON  53  LinkedIn - Multi-entrepreneur  has also held various sales management positions as a distributor of medical equipment and solutions  notably for Trophy Radiologie. Since 2001  he has held senior management positions with healthcare solution providers and software companies. In 2011  he became Chief Business Development Officer of AxiSanté  a subsidiary of the German group  CompuGroup Medical. In 2014  he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Julie Solutions  a subsidiary of the US-based Henry Schein Group before returning to Compugroup Medical Solutions as Chief Executive Officer.Damien VALICON joined Equasens Group on 10 January 2022 as Manager of the French Pharmacy Business Unit. On 2 January 2023  he was appointed Head of the Medical Solutions Division. Since January 2024  he has headed the PHARMAGEST Division  which covers all solutions for pharmacies in France and Europe.Damien VALICON will join Denis SUPPLISSION  Chief Executive Officer  and Grégoire de ROTALIER  Deputy Chief Executive Officer  as a member of the Executive Board.Financial calendar:7 May 2024: Publication of Q1 2024 revenuePublication of Q1 2024 revenue 27 June 2024 at 5:00 pm: Annual General MeetingAnnual General Meeting 2 August 2024: Publication of Q2/H1 2024 revenuePublication of Q2/H1 2024 revenue 27 September 2024: Publication of H1 2024 resultsPublication of H1 2024 results 30 September 2024: Presentation of H1 2024 resultsPresentation of H1 2024 results 7 November 2024: Publication of Q3 2024 revenuePublication of Q3 2024 revenue 6 February 2025: Publication of f Q4/FY 2024 revenueAbout Equasens GroupWith more than 1 400 employees  Equasens Group is today a key player in the European healthcare sector  providing software solutions to all healthcare professionals (pharmacists  primary care practitioners  hospitals  Hospital-at-Home structures  retirement homes  health centres) in both primary and secondary care sectors.With operations in France  Germany  Great Britain  Belgium  Ireland  Italy  and Luxembourg  Equasens Group today brings together healthcare professionals within a unique ecosystem in France and Europe benefiting people by making available the very best of technology.Listed on Euronext Paris™ - Compartment BIndexes: MSCI GLOBAL SMALL CAP - GAÏA Index 2020 - CAC® SMALL and CAC® All-TradableIncluded in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment and the European Rising Tech labelEligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (“Service à Réglement Différé” - SRD) and equity savings accounts invested in small and mid caps (PEA-PME).ISIN: FR 0012882389 – Ticker Code: EQSGet all the news about the Equasens Group www.equasens.com and on LinkedInCONTACTSAnalyst and Investor Relations:Chief Administrative and Financial Officer : Frédérique SchmidtTel. +33 (0) 83 15 90 67 - frederique.schmidt@equasens.comMedia Relations:FIN’EXTENSO - Isabelle AprileTel. +33 (0)3 17 38 61 78 - i.aprile@finextenso.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.17,0.59,True,English,"['2023 Annual Results', 'Equasens', 'March', '01:03', 'Ségur digital healthcare investment programme', 'The Current Operating Margin', 'pill dispenser management solutions', '2023 consolidated income statement highlights', 'Group current operating income', 'Ségur programme', 'unfavourable economic climate Revenue', '2023 current operating margin', 'Ségur solutions', 'unfavourable comparison base', 'speech recognition technology', 'International Cross Talk', 'difficult economic climate', 'rising interest rates', 'R&D investments', 'Current Operating Profit', 'pharmacy management applications', 'The CAREMEDS business', 'new SaaS solutions', 'multidisciplinary group practices', 'independent software publisher', 'finalised annual report', 'AXIGATE LINK Division', 'MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division', 'management report', 'healthcare sector', 'healthcare professionals', 'consolidated accounts', 'pharmacy market', 'Net Profit', ""auditors' report"", '2023 Annual Results', 'annual revenue', 'mobile solutions', 'e-learning solutions', 'Group shareholders', 'E-CONNECT Division', 'Villers-lès-Nancy', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'high level', 'Dividend proposal', 'Basic earnings', 'business transfers', '12 month YTD', 'Thierry CHAPUSOT', 'financial statements', 'Statutory Auditors', 'paramedical professions', 'following changes', 'MEDILINK solution', 'Cloud application', 'nursing homes', 'patient treatment', 'outpatient facilities', 'learning platform', 'recurring revenues', 'Significant efforts', 'development teams', 'inflation-linked increases', 'large number', 'PHARMAGEST Division', 'Equasens Group', '2022 reported basis', '2023 reported basis', 'resulting impact', 'full impact', 'audit procedures', 'several factors', 'positive contribution', 'subscription sales', 'modest decline', 'PHARMAGEST Germany', '2023 highlights', '2023 contribution', '2.3% decline', '29 March', 'CET', 'overperformance', 'early', 'FY', 'FINTECH', 'Board', 'Directors', 'year', '31 December', 'presence', 'reminder', 'acquisitions', 'April', 'PRATILOG', 'SPEECH2SENSE', 'start-up', 'ATOOPHARM', 'specialist', 'retail', 'pharmacies', 'November', 'ADV', 'subsidiary', 'OPTIPHARM', 'scope', 'consolidation', 'place', '1 January', 'activities', 'ICT', 'ISV', 'part', 'UK', 'provider', 'administration', 'Ireland', 'MULTIMEDS', 'patients', 'boost', 'trend', 'rollout', 'declines', 'Q4', 'wait', 'see', 'attitude', '9.2% growth', 'maintenance', 'subscriptions', 'indexation', 'profitability', 'terms', 'recruitment', 'period', 'Divisions', 'payroll', 'deployment', 'effects', 'pharmacists', 'salaries', 'customers', 'employees', 'addition', '6:00', '€']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38523,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854807/0/en/Equasens-2023-Annual-Results.html,Equasens: 2023 Annual Results,Villers-lès-Nancy  29 March 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)  PRESS RELEASE  2023 Annual Results  Annual results impacted by the overperformance at the end of...,"Villers-lès-Nancy  29 March 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)PRESS RELEASE2023 Annual ResultsAnnual results impacted by the overperformance at the end of 2022 and early 2023 driven by solutions introduced under the Ségur programme as well as an unfavourable economic climate Revenue: €219.7m  +2.6% Net Profit: €48.9m  +0.4% Net Profit attributable to Group shareholders: €47.0m  +1.4%The Current Operating Margin remains at a high level (25.4%)Dividend proposal for FY 2023: €1.25 per share (+9.2%)In €m 2021 2022 2023 Change2023/2022 Revenue 193.1 214.1 219.7 +2.6% Current Operating Income 50.5 56.8 55.8 -1.7% Net Profit* 41.2 48.7 48.9 +0.4% Net Profit attributable to the Group 39.1 46.4 47.0 +1.4% Basic earnings per share (in €) 2.6 3.09 3.13 +1.4%Current operating income (€m)2022 reported basis2023 reported basisChange / Reported basisChange/excl. business transfers2023 current operating margin 2023 contribution to Group current operating income PHARMAGEST 36.2 36.7 0.5 1.4% 0.9 2.6% 22.5% 65.7% AXIGATE LINK 11.7 10.4 -1.3 -10.7% -1.0 -9.0% 33.6% 18.7% E-CONNECT 6.2 6.7 0.5 7.5% 0.6 10.7% 44.5% 12.0% MEDICAL SOLUTIONS 3.1 2.2 -0.9 -28.6% -1.7 -43.7% 24.8% 3.9% FINTECH -0.3 -0.2 0.2 51.2% 0.2 51.2% -8.1% -0.3% 12 month YTD 56.8 55.8 -1.0 -1.7% -1.0 -1.7% 25.4% 100.0%On 29 March 2024  the Board of Directors of EQUASENS  chaired by Thierry CHAPUSOT  examined and approved the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 in the presence of the Statutory Auditors. The audit procedures for the consolidated accounts have been completed. The auditors' report will be issued after the management report has been reviewed and the procedures for filing the finalised annual report have been completed._____2023 highlightsAs a reminder  acquisitions completed by Equasens Group in 2023:In April: 100% of PRATILOG  an independent software publisher of solutions for the medical and paramedical professions  100% of SPEECH2SENSE  a start-up specialising in speech recognition technology and mobile solutions for the healthcare sector  100% of ATOOPHARM  a specialist in e-learning solutions for retail pharmacies.In November: 95% of ADV (now PHARMAGEST Germany)  a software publisher of pharmacy management applications in Germany and its subsidiary OPTIPHARM.The following changes in the scope of consolidation took place on 1 January 2023:The activities of ICT (International Cross Talk)  ISV of the MEDILINK solution for multidisciplinary group practices  initially part of the AXIGATE LINK Division  were transferred to the MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division.The CAREMEDS business (UK)  a provider of a Cloud application for pharmacies and nursing homes to manage and monitor the administration of patient treatment  was transferred from the E-CONNECT Division to the AXIGATE LINK Division.The activities of Ireland based MULTIMEDS and Germany based I-MEDS  providers of pill dispenser management solutions for patients in nursing homes and outpatient facilities  initially part of the E-CONNECT Division  were transferred to the PHARMAGEST Division.2023 consolidated income statement highlightsEquasens Group reported annual revenue of €219.7m  up 2.6% on 2022  despite an unfavourable comparison base linked to the boost provided by the Ségur digital healthcare investment programme and a difficult economic climate  particularly in the pharmacy market.This trend can be explained by several factors:The completed rollout of solutions under the Ségur programme resulting in declines of €4.6 million in Q4 and €4.2 million in FY 2023.A 2.3% decline in the revenue for the year  reflecting a wait-and-see attitude by healthcare professionals in an economic climate impacted by inflation and rising interest rates.Conversely:The positive contribution of acquisitions  and in particular ATOOPHARM (e-learning platform)  representing €2.9m for the year.9.2% growth in recurring revenues (maintenance and subscriptions) for the year  driven by indexation and subscription sales for new SaaS solutions.Despite a modest decline in Current Operating Profit by 1.7% to €55.8m at 31 December 2023  the Group's profitability remains at a high level  with a current operating margin of 25.4%. Significant efforts in terms of recruitment were made during the period to strengthen the sales and development teams of all the Divisions. The resulting impact on payroll  including inflation-linked increases  was €5m.PHARMAGEST Division: Current Operating Income: €36.7m  + 2.6%. The division bore the full impact of the end of deployment of the Ségur solutions  particularly in Q4 as well as the effects of an unfavourable economic climate on investment by pharmacists. The increase in salaries to keep up with inflation by this division whose business involves working closely with customers and therefore requiring a large number of employees in addition to increased R&D investments  contributed to a decline in current operating profit. These factors were partially offset by the impact of acquisitions  and in particular the ATOOPHARM e-learning platform  which has started to contribute to growth in earnings.The division bore the full impact of the end of deployment of the Ségur solutions  particularly in Q4 as well as the effects of an unfavourable economic climate on investment by pharmacists. The increase in salaries to keep up with inflation by this division whose business involves working closely with customers and therefore requiring a large number of employees in addition to increased R&D investments  contributed to a decline in current operating profit. These factors were partially offset by the impact of acquisitions  and in particular the ATOOPHARM e-learning platform  which has started to contribute to growth in earnings. AXIGATE LINK: Current Operating Income: €10.4m  - 9.0%. Despite this downturn  caused in part by a significant increase in payroll costs  the Division's profitability remained excellent  driven by an innovative SaaS offering  the introduction of new technologies in TITANLINK providing a competitive advantage which has met with considerable success in nursing homes in France and Belgium  and the study of new use cases for existing solutions.Despite this downturn  caused in part by a significant increase in payroll costs  the Division's profitability remained excellent  driven by an innovative SaaS offering  the introduction of new technologies in TITANLINK providing a competitive advantage which has met with considerable success in nursing homes in France and Belgium  and the study of new use cases for existing solutions. E-CONNECT: with Current Operating Income up 10.7% to €6.7 m  the division confirmed the success of its ""mobility"" offering  which now covers the complete range of mobility needs of healthcare professionals  from reading patient health insurance smart cards to issuing invoices.with m  the division confirmed the success of its ""mobility"" offering  which now covers the complete range of mobility needs of healthcare professionals  from reading patient health insurance smart cards to issuing invoices. MEDICAL SOLUTIONS: Current Operating Income fell 43.7% to €2.2m   though mainly in relation to the comparison base linked to the end of the Ségur roll-out and efforts to integrate the new subsidiaries PRATILOG and SPEECH2SENSE. The acquisition of PRATILOG in April 2024 has expanded the Group's ecosystem of business software applications to new healthcare practitioner segments (nurses  physiotherapists  private practitioners working in hospitals). In addition  the massive adoption of the new Medistory version has enabled PROKOV to establish a solid recurring revenue model  representing over 40% of its total sales.  though mainly in relation to the comparison base linked to the end of the Ségur roll-out and efforts to integrate the new subsidiaries PRATILOG and SPEECH2SENSE. The acquisition of PRATILOG in April 2024 has expanded the Group's ecosystem of business software applications to new healthcare practitioner segments (nurses  physiotherapists  private practitioners working in hospitals). In addition  the massive adoption of the new Medistory version has enabled PROKOV to establish a solid recurring revenue model  representing over 40% of its total sales. FINTECH: Current Operating Income: -€0.2m  though up 51.2%. The indexation of refinancing rates  which entered into force in September 2023  helped rebuild margins and restore the division's profitability  which was weakened by the sharp rise of interest rates in H1. A major effort to develop a new customer/patient payment solution (DISPAY) also weighed on the Division's profitability  though is expected to start contributing to revenue starting in H2 2024.Net Profit rose to €48.9m (+0.4%) and Net Profit Attributable to Equity Holders of the Parent to €47.0m (+1.4%). At 31 December 2023  Basic Earnings per Share amounted to €3.13  up from €3.09 one year earlier (+1.4%).Equasens Group  maintaining its dividend policy  will submit a proposal to the Annual General Meeting on 27 June 2024 for payment of a gross dividend of €1.25 per share (+9.2%).2023 consolidated balance sheet highlightsShareholders' equity stood at €227.6m at 31 December 2023 compared to €196.8m at the end of 2022.Cash flow after interest and tax remained stable at €61.6m.Significant capital expenditures were made in 2023 linked to a new network infrastructure which is expected to provide the Group with significant capacity for hosting healthcare data.With a gross cash position of €137.0m and a net financial surplus of €67.7m  up 24.4%  the Group has a high degree of autonomy and capacity for investment.OutlookThe Group is expecting a return to double-digit growth in revenue starting in 2025 while 2024 will be a period of investment in:R&D  continuing the efforts made in 2023 to develop new  innovative and disruptive products and services  Infrastructure to provide structural support to its healthcare data hosting services  Human resources to develop its sales forces throughout Europe. Growth will accelerate in 2025 and 2026  driven by: releases of new offers currently under development  the development and structuring of new activities in France and Europe. A large number of innovations brought to market since the end of 2023 and a more favourable economic environment for pharmacies should contribute to a recovery by the PHARMAGEST Division beginning in the second half of 2024. The acquisition of a majority stake in DIGIPHARMACIE  the supplier invoice digitisation platform  will strengthen the Group's offering to healthcare professionals and allow it to prepare in advance to meet new obligations for issuing digital invoices. The evolution of the Group’s offering towards high value-added SaaS solutions will also improve the profitability of all the Divisions. With solid financial resources at its disposal  the Group confirms its continuing interest in exploring opportunities for external growth.Executive Management appointmentOn the proposal of Denis SUPPLISSON  Chief Executive Officer  on 29 March 2024 the Board of Directors approved the appointment of Mr Damien VALICON  currently Head of the PHARMAGEST Division  as non-administrator Deputy Chief Executive Officer.Damien VALICON  53  LinkedIn - Multi-entrepreneur  has also held various sales management positions as a distributor of medical equipment and solutions  notably for Trophy Radiologie. Since 2001  he has held senior management positions with healthcare solution providers and software companies. In 2011  he became Chief Business Development Officer of AxiSanté  a subsidiary of the German group  CompuGroup Medical. In 2014  he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Julie Solutions  a subsidiary of the US-based Henry Schein Group before returning to Compugroup Medical Solutions as Chief Executive Officer.Damien VALICON joined Equasens Group on 10 January 2022 as Manager of the French Pharmacy Business Unit. On 2 January 2023  he was appointed Head of the Medical Solutions Division. Since January 2024  he has headed the PHARMAGEST Division  which covers all solutions for pharmacies in France and Europe.Damien VALICON will join Denis SUPPLISSION  Chief Executive Officer  and Grégoire de ROTALIER  Deputy Chief Executive Officer  as a member of the Executive Board.Financial calendar:7 May 2024: Publication of Q1 2024 revenuePublication of Q1 2024 revenue 27 June 2024 at 5:00 pm: Annual General MeetingAnnual General Meeting 2 August 2024: Publication of Q2/H1 2024 revenuePublication of Q2/H1 2024 revenue 27 September 2024: Publication of H1 2024 resultsPublication of H1 2024 results 30 September 2024: Presentation of H1 2024 resultsPresentation of H1 2024 results 7 November 2024: Publication of Q3 2024 revenuePublication of Q3 2024 revenue 6 February 2025: Publication of f Q4/FY 2024 revenueAbout Equasens GroupWith more than 1 400 employees  Equasens Group is today a key player in the European healthcare sector  providing software solutions to all healthcare professionals (pharmacists  primary care practitioners  hospitals  Hospital-at-Home structures  retirement homes  health centres) in both primary and secondary care sectors.With operations in France  Germany  Great Britain  Belgium  Ireland  Italy  and Luxembourg  Equasens Group today brings together healthcare professionals within a unique ecosystem in France and Europe benefiting people by making available the very best of technology.Listed on Euronext Paris™ - Compartment BIndexes: MSCI GLOBAL SMALL CAP - GAÏA Index 2020 - CAC® SMALL and CAC® All-TradableIncluded in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment and the European Rising Tech labelEligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (“Service à Réglement Différé” - SRD) and equity savings accounts invested in small and mid caps (PEA-PME).ISIN: FR 0012882389 – Ticker Code: EQSGet all the news about the Equasens Group www.equasens.com and on LinkedInCONTACTSAnalyst and Investor Relations:Chief Administrative and Financial Officer : Frédérique SchmidtTel. +33 (0) 83 15 90 67 - frederique.schmidt@equasens.comMedia Relations:FIN’EXTENSO - Isabelle AprileTel. +33 (0)3 17 38 61 78 - i.aprile@finextenso.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.17,0.59,True,English,"['2023 Annual Results', 'Equasens', 'Ségur digital healthcare investment programme', 'The Current Operating Margin', 'pill dispenser management solutions', '2023 consolidated income statement highlights', 'Group current operating income', 'Ségur programme', 'unfavourable economic climate Revenue', '2023 current operating margin', 'Ségur solutions', 'unfavourable comparison base', 'speech recognition technology', 'International Cross Talk', 'difficult economic climate', 'rising interest rates', 'R&D investments', 'Current Operating Profit', 'pharmacy management applications', 'The CAREMEDS business', 'new SaaS solutions', 'multidisciplinary group practices', 'independent software publisher', 'finalised annual report', 'AXIGATE LINK Division', 'MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division', 'management report', 'healthcare sector', 'healthcare professionals', 'consolidated accounts', 'pharmacy market', 'Net Profit', ""auditors' report"", '2023 Annual Results', 'annual revenue', 'mobile solutions', 'e-learning solutions', 'Group shareholders', 'E-CONNECT Division', 'Villers-lès-Nancy', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'high level', 'Dividend proposal', 'Basic earnings', 'business transfers', '12 month YTD', 'Thierry CHAPUSOT', 'financial statements', 'Statutory Auditors', 'paramedical professions', 'following changes', 'MEDILINK solution', 'Cloud application', 'nursing homes', 'patient treatment', 'outpatient facilities', 'learning platform', 'recurring revenues', 'Significant efforts', 'development teams', 'inflation-linked increases', 'large number', 'PHARMAGEST Division', 'Equasens Group', '2022 reported basis', '2023 reported basis', 'resulting impact', 'full impact', 'audit procedures', 'several factors', 'positive contribution', 'subscription sales', 'modest decline', 'PHARMAGEST Germany', '2023 highlights', '2023 contribution', '2.3% decline', '29 March', 'CET', 'overperformance', 'early', 'FY', 'FINTECH', 'Board', 'Directors', 'year', '31 December', 'presence', 'reminder', 'acquisitions', 'April', 'PRATILOG', 'SPEECH2SENSE', 'start-up', 'ATOOPHARM', 'specialist', 'retail', 'pharmacies', 'November', 'ADV', 'subsidiary', 'OPTIPHARM', 'scope', 'consolidation', 'place', '1 January', 'activities', 'ICT', 'ISV', 'part', 'UK', 'provider', 'administration', 'Ireland', 'MULTIMEDS', 'patients', 'boost', 'trend', 'rollout', 'declines', 'Q4', 'wait', 'see', 'attitude', '9.2% growth', 'maintenance', 'subscriptions', 'indexation', 'profitability', 'terms', 'recruitment', 'period', 'Divisions', 'payroll', 'deployment', 'effects', 'pharmacists', 'salaries', 'customers', 'employees', 'addition', '6:00', '€']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38524,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEKUPLE-5160/news/DEKUPLE-2023-FULL-YEAR-EARNINGS-further-year-of-strong-growth-in-line-with-the-Ambition-2025--46320612/,DEKUPLE - 2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS: further year of strong growth in line with the “Ambition 2025” plan -March 29  2024 at 01:00 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) ADLPartner  the parent company of the DÉKUPLE Group  a European cross-channel data marketing expert  is reporting its full-year earnings for 2023. Bertrand Laurioz  DÉKUPLE Chairman and CEO: “2023 was a very positive year for our Group. F…,2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS:further year of strong growth in line with the “Ambition 2025” plan_____Net sales: €200m (+10.2%)Gross margin: €161m (+11%)Net income (Group share): €12.4m  representing 7.7% of gross margin (+20 basis points)Proposed dividend: €1.04 per share“Ambition 2025”: becoming a European leader for data marketingParis  29 March 2024 (6:00pm) - ADLPartner  the parent company of the DÉKUPLE Group  a European cross-channel data marketing expert  is reporting its full-year earnings for 2023.Bertrand Laurioz  DÉKUPLE Chairman and CEO: “2023 was a very positive year for our Group. Following the economic crises that began in 2022 relating to energy  purchasing power and Ukraine  the global geopolitical situation was still very unstable  but the Group successfully resisted these new challenges. With the rapid ramp-up of Generative Artificial Intelligence  our clients are becoming more aware of the need to further strengthen the digitalization of their marketing and sales  which is the Dékuple Group’s core business.Although many businesses have had to contend with cash flow pressures  leading to increased caution with their marketing investments  our Group has maintained its roadmap for robust growth and continued rolling out its transformation.Our consolidated net sales climbed +10% this year  driven primarily by the very strong growth in Digital Marketing  which now represents 60% of the Group’s total net sales  compared with 36% in 2020  and recorded a sustained increase in its gross margin by +39%. Our net income (Group share) is up +14% to €12.4m  highlighting the relevance of our offers and the improvement in the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. The Group continues to benefit from a solid balance sheet  with its cash position up to over €63m  giving us the resources needed to finance our development in line with our 2025 strategic plan.The general economic situation at the start of 2024 is still uncertain  but we believe that the digitalization and datafication of businesses  and particularly their marketing  will continue to accelerate.Our Group is perfectly positioned to meet these challenges. Our teams continue to be mobilized as we move forward with the roadmap for the profitable growth of our activities  and specifically the digital marketing business  whose weighting within the Group will continue to see strong progress.Under our 2025 plan  we will achieve this growth organically  while further strengthening our capacity for innovation  particularly with our Data Platform and the use of Artificial Intelligence  capitalizing on the Group’s many areas of technological expertise. We will also make business acquisitions that may open up complementary areas of expertise  depending on the opportunities  in France and across Europe.I have every confidence in our ability to adapt  to continue building on our growth and to continuously improve the relevance of our offers and the quality of our deliverables. We form a Group that is unique thanks to its stable family shareholding structure  its multi-entrepreneur group organization  its long-term vision and its diverse areas of expertise. We are looking forward to another year of success in 2024”.KEY DEVELOPMENTSIn 2023  the DÉKUPLE Group achieved solid growth  driven by the continued expansion of its Digital Marketing activities  which represented 60.0% of consolidated net sales  compared with 52.5% one year ago. Their gross margin  up +38.6%  reflects the continued expansion of the Data and Digital Strategy Consulting activities and the extension of the scope for our Marketing Solutions and Agencies business  thanks in particular to the full-year contribution by Brainsonic  a leading engagement communications agency  and Smart Traffik  a technology company specialized in presence management and measuring the impact of marketing investments on traffic and sales  as well as the integration since July 2023 of Le Nouveau Bélier  an advertising strategy consulting agency and retail expert.This positive development for our BtoB activities offset the contraction in our BtoC activities which  despite an unfavorable context for consumption  continued rolling out their major commercial investments to support their portfolios generating recurrent revenues. In a press market that shows a marked decrease  the Magazine business achieved a slight improvement in its new subscriber recruitments during the second half of the year  making it possible to limit the contraction in sales over the full year to -7.8%. Alongside this  the Insurance business delivered a solid performance  with sales virtually stable in relation to a high basis for comparison in 2022  which benefited from the successful development of the supplementary health offering.EARNINGSConsolidated net sales1 came to €199.7m  up +10.2% compared with 2022  while the gross margin2 is up +11.3% to €161.2m.Against a backdrop of a high level of investments  restated EBITDA3 came to €24.9m  up +€1.6m from the previous year  to represent 15.5% of the full-year gross margin.Operating income came to €17.5m  representing 10.8% of the gross margin  compared with 11.4% in 2022. The earnings growth recorded by the Digital Marketing business and the improvement in profitability for the Insurance business offset the contraction in operating income for the Magazine business due to the intense commercial investments.After factoring in a higher tax expense (€4.5m)  consolidated net income is up +13.0% from 2022 to €12.9m for 2023. The net margin rate came to 8.0%  compared with 7.9% in 2022.After deducting minority interests  net income (Group share) totaled €12.4m  compared with €10.9m in 2022.(€m) 2023 2022 Change 2023/2022 Net sales 199.7 181.3 +10.2% Gross margin 161.2 144.8 +11.3% Restated EBITDA 24.9 23.3 +7.0% % of gross margin 15.5% 16.1% -63bp Income from ordinary operations 17.5 17.0 +2.6% % of gross margin 10.8% 11.8% -93bp EBIT 17.5 16.4 +6.3% % of gross margin 10.8% 11.4% -51bp Net financial expenses / income 0.4 (0.3) Tax expense (4.5) (3.8) Share of net income from associates (0.6) (1.0) ‏Consolidated net income 12.9 11.4 +13.0% % of gross margin 8.0% 7.9% +12bp Net income (Group share) 12.4 10.9 +14.2% % of gross margin 7.7% 7.5% +20bpBALANCE SHEETConsolidated shareholders’ equity at 31 December 2023 represented €51.1m  up +€13.8m from 31 December 2022.The Group had €63.6m of cash on its balance sheet at 31 December 2023  compared with €60.6m at 31 December 2022. Financial debt totaled €44.4m  compared with €50.9m at 31 December 2022  including commitments to buy out minority interests in the Group’s subsidiaries. It also includes €25.5m of bank borrowings set up before the crisis at favorable interest rates to support the Group’s development.Cash net of financial liabilities4 at 31 December 2023 came to €19.2m  up +€9.5m compared with the end of 2022.OUTLOOKThe DÉKUPLE Group is continuing to roll out its Ambition 2025 strategy with a view to becoming a European leader for data marketing. With the financial resources in place  it is effectively positioned to continue with its commercial investments in its Magazine and Insurance activities to develop its portfolios of contracts generating recurrent revenues  while also supporting the development of its Digital Marketing solutions through organic and external growth.DIVIDENDConsidering the results achieved in 2023 and the investments planned for 2024  ADLPartner’s Board of Directors will submit a proposal at the General Shareholders’ Meeting on 14 June for a dividend of €1.04 per share for FY 2023  to be paid out on 21 June 2024.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe corporate and consolidated financial statements for 2023 were approved by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2024. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.NEXT DATES2023 annual financial report on 18 April 2024 (after close of trading);2024 first-quarter net sales on 27 May 2024 (before start of trading).About DÉKUPLEDÉKUPLE is a European leader for cross-channel data marketing. Its expert capabilities combining consulting  creativity  data and technology enable it to support brands with the transformation of their marketing to drive their business performance. The Group designs and implements customer acquisition  loyalty and relationship management solutions for its partners and clients across all distribution channels. The Group works with more than 500 brands  from major groups to mid-market firms  in Europe and around the world.Founded in 1972  DÉKUPLE recorded net sales of €200m in 2023. Present in Europe and China  the Group employs more than 1 000 people guided by its core values: a conquering spirit  respect and collaboration.DÉKUPLE is listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris – Compartment C. ISIN: FR0000062978 – DKUPL - www.dekuple.comContactsDÉKUPLEInvestor Relations & Financial Informationtel: +33 (0)1 41 58 72 03 - relations.investisseurs@dekuple.comCALYPTUSCyril Combe - tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 - dekuple@calyptus.net1 Net sales (determined in line with the French professional status for subscription sales) only include the amount of remuneration paid by magazine publishers; for subscription sales  net sales therefore correspond to a gross margin  deducting the cost of magazines sold from the amount of sales recorded. For acquisition and management commissions linked to sales of insurance policies  net sales comprise current and future commissions issued  acquired by the accounting reporting date  net of cancellations.2 For the digital marketing business  the gross margin represents the total amount of net sales (total invoices issued: fees  commissions and purchases charged back to customers) less the total amount of costs for external purchases made on behalf of customers. It is equal to net sales for the magazine and insurance business lines.3 EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization) is restated for the IFRS 2 impact of bonus share awards and the IFRS 16 impact relating to the restatement of lease charges.4 Cash position on the balance sheet net of all financial liabilities.Attachment,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,mixed,0.64,0.25,0.11,True,English,"['2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS', 'strong growth', 'Ambition 2025” plan', 'DEKUPLE', 'line', 'March', '01:00', 'European cross-channel data marketing expert', 'stable family shareholding structure', 'leading engagement communications agency', 'Le Nouveau Bélier', 'advertising strategy consulting agency', 'Digital Strategy Consulting activities', 'DÉKUPLE Chairman', 'global geopolitical situation', 'supplementary health offering', 'Consolidated net sales1', 'cash flow pressures', 'general economic situation', 'new subscriber recruitments', 'solid balance sheet', 'Generative Artificial Intelligence', 'major commercial investments', 'DÉKUPLE Group', 'multi-entrepreneur group organization', 'Digital Marketing activities', 'digital marketing business', 'total net sales', 'European leader', 'retail expert', 'Net income', 'economic crises', 'cash position', 'Data Platform', 'BtoB activities', 'BtoC activities', 'solid performance', 'marketing investments', 'Marketing Solutions', 'core business', 'business acquisitions', 'Agencies business', 'Magazine business', 'Insurance business', 'solid growth', 'Gross margin', '20 basis points', 'parent company', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'purchasing power', 'new challenges', 'rapid ramp-up', 'sustained increase', 'strong progress', 'many areas', 'complementary areas', 'long-term vision', 'diverse areas', 'KEY DEVELOPMENTS', 'continued expansion', 'full-year contribution', 'Smart Traffik', 'technology company', 'presence management', 'unfavorable context', 'recurrent revenues', 'press market', 'marked decrease', 'second half', 'high basis', 'high level', 'full-year gr', 'The Group', 'strong growth', 'robust growth', 'profitable growth', '2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS', 'positive development', 'successful development', 'positive year', 'many businesses', 'slight improvement', 'full year', 'previous year', 'Group share', '2025 strategic plan', 'technological expertise', '2025 plan', 'line', 'Ambition 2025', 'dividend', 'Paris', '29 March', '00pm', 'ADLPartner', 'CEO', 'energy', 'Ukraine', 'clients', 'need', 'digitalization', 'caution', 'roadmap', 'transformation', 'relevance', 'offers', 'efficiency', 'effectiveness', 'operations', 'resources', 'start', 'datafication', 'teams', 'weighting', 'capacity', 'innovation', 'use', 'opportunities', 'France', 'confidence', 'ability', 'quality', 'deliverables', 'extension', 'scope', 'Brainsonic', 'impact', 'traffic', 'integration', 'July', 'contraction', 'consumption', 'portfolios', 'relation', 'backdrop', 'EBITDA3']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38525,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/29/2854804/0/en/DEKUPLE-2023-FULL-YEAR-EARNINGS-further-year-of-strong-growth-in-line-with-the-Ambition-2025-plan.html,DEKUPLE - 2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS: further year of strong growth in line with the “Ambition 2025” plan,2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS: further year of strong growth in line with the “Ambition 2025” plan_____    Net sales: €200m (+10.2%) Gross margin: €161m......,2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS:further year of strong growth in line with the “Ambition 2025” plan_____Net sales: €200m (+10.2%)Gross margin: €161m (+11%)Net income (Group share): €12.4m  representing 7.7% of gross margin (+20 basis points)Proposed dividend: €1.04 per share“Ambition 2025”: becoming a European leader for data marketingParis  29 March 2024 (6:00pm) - ADLPartner  the parent company of the DÉKUPLE Group  a European cross-channel data marketing expert  is reporting its full-year earnings for 2023.Bertrand Laurioz  DÉKUPLE Chairman and CEO: “2023 was a very positive year for our Group. Following the economic crises that began in 2022 relating to energy  purchasing power and Ukraine  the global geopolitical situation was still very unstable  but the Group successfully resisted these new challenges. With the rapid ramp-up of Generative Artificial Intelligence  our clients are becoming more aware of the need to further strengthen the digitalization of their marketing and sales  which is the Dékuple Group’s core business.Although many businesses have had to contend with cash flow pressures  leading to increased caution with their marketing investments  our Group has maintained its roadmap for robust growth and continued rolling out its transformation.Our consolidated net sales climbed +10% this year  driven primarily by the very strong growth in Digital Marketing  which now represents 60% of the Group’s total net sales  compared with 36% in 2020  and recorded a sustained increase in its gross margin by +39%. Our net income (Group share) is up +14% to €12.4m  highlighting the relevance of our offers and the improvement in the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. The Group continues to benefit from a solid balance sheet  with its cash position up to over €63m  giving us the resources needed to finance our development in line with our 2025 strategic plan.The general economic situation at the start of 2024 is still uncertain  but we believe that the digitalization and datafication of businesses  and particularly their marketing  will continue to accelerate.Our Group is perfectly positioned to meet these challenges. Our teams continue to be mobilized as we move forward with the roadmap for the profitable growth of our activities  and specifically the digital marketing business  whose weighting within the Group will continue to see strong progress.Under our 2025 plan  we will achieve this growth organically  while further strengthening our capacity for innovation  particularly with our Data Platform and the use of Artificial Intelligence  capitalizing on the Group’s many areas of technological expertise. We will also make business acquisitions that may open up complementary areas of expertise  depending on the opportunities  in France and across Europe.I have every confidence in our ability to adapt  to continue building on our growth and to continuously improve the relevance of our offers and the quality of our deliverables. We form a Group that is unique thanks to its stable family shareholding structure  its multi-entrepreneur group organization  its long-term vision and its diverse areas of expertise. We are looking forward to another year of success in 2024”.KEY DEVELOPMENTSIn 2023  the DÉKUPLE Group achieved solid growth  driven by the continued expansion of its Digital Marketing activities  which represented 60.0% of consolidated net sales  compared with 52.5% one year ago. Their gross margin  up +38.6%  reflects the continued expansion of the Data and Digital Strategy Consulting activities and the extension of the scope for our Marketing Solutions and Agencies business  thanks in particular to the full-year contribution by Brainsonic  a leading engagement communications agency  and Smart Traffik  a technology company specialized in presence management and measuring the impact of marketing investments on traffic and sales  as well as the integration since July 2023 of Le Nouveau Bélier  an advertising strategy consulting agency and retail expert.This positive development for our BtoB activities offset the contraction in our BtoC activities which  despite an unfavorable context for consumption  continued rolling out their major commercial investments to support their portfolios generating recurrent revenues. In a press market that shows a marked decrease  the Magazine business achieved a slight improvement in its new subscriber recruitments during the second half of the year  making it possible to limit the contraction in sales over the full year to -7.8%. Alongside this  the Insurance business delivered a solid performance  with sales virtually stable in relation to a high basis for comparison in 2022  which benefited from the successful development of the supplementary health offering.EARNINGSConsolidated net sales1 came to €199.7m  up +10.2% compared with 2022  while the gross margin2 is up +11.3% to €161.2m.Against a backdrop of a high level of investments  restated EBITDA3 came to €24.9m  up +€1.6m from the previous year  to represent 15.5% of the full-year gross margin.Operating income came to €17.5m  representing 10.8% of the gross margin  compared with 11.4% in 2022. The earnings growth recorded by the Digital Marketing business and the improvement in profitability for the Insurance business offset the contraction in operating income for the Magazine business due to the intense commercial investments.After factoring in a higher tax expense (€4.5m)  consolidated net income is up +13.0% from 2022 to €12.9m for 2023. The net margin rate came to 8.0%  compared with 7.9% in 2022.After deducting minority interests  net income (Group share) totaled €12.4m  compared with €10.9m in 2022.(€m) 2023 2022 Change 2023/2022 Net sales 199.7 181.3 +10.2% Gross margin 161.2 144.8 +11.3% Restated EBITDA 24.9 23.3 +7.0% % of gross margin 15.5% 16.1% -63bp Income from ordinary operations 17.5 17.0 +2.6% % of gross margin 10.8% 11.8% -93bp EBIT 17.5 16.4 +6.3% % of gross margin 10.8% 11.4% -51bp Net financial expenses / income 0.4 (0.3) Tax expense (4.5) (3.8) Share of net income from associates (0.6) (1.0) ‏Consolidated net income 12.9 11.4 +13.0% % of gross margin 8.0% 7.9% +12bp Net income (Group share) 12.4 10.9 +14.2% % of gross margin 7.7% 7.5% +20bpBALANCE SHEETConsolidated shareholders’ equity at 31 December 2023 represented €51.1m  up +€13.8m from 31 December 2022.The Group had €63.6m of cash on its balance sheet at 31 December 2023  compared with €60.6m at 31 December 2022. Financial debt totaled €44.4m  compared with €50.9m at 31 December 2022  including commitments to buy out minority interests in the Group’s subsidiaries. It also includes €25.5m of bank borrowings set up before the crisis at favorable interest rates to support the Group’s development.Cash net of financial liabilities4 at 31 December 2023 came to €19.2m  up +€9.5m compared with the end of 2022.OUTLOOKThe DÉKUPLE Group is continuing to roll out its Ambition 2025 strategy with a view to becoming a European leader for data marketing. With the financial resources in place  it is effectively positioned to continue with its commercial investments in its Magazine and Insurance activities to develop its portfolios of contracts generating recurrent revenues  while also supporting the development of its Digital Marketing solutions through organic and external growth.DIVIDENDConsidering the results achieved in 2023 and the investments planned for 2024  ADLPartner’s Board of Directors will submit a proposal at the General Shareholders’ Meeting on 14 June for a dividend of €1.04 per share for FY 2023  to be paid out on 21 June 2024.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe corporate and consolidated financial statements for 2023 were approved by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2024. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.NEXT DATES2023 annual financial report on 18 April 2024 (after close of trading);2024 first-quarter net sales on 27 May 2024 (before start of trading).About DÉKUPLEDÉKUPLE is a European leader for cross-channel data marketing. Its expert capabilities combining consulting  creativity  data and technology enable it to support brands with the transformation of their marketing to drive their business performance. The Group designs and implements customer acquisition  loyalty and relationship management solutions for its partners and clients across all distribution channels. The Group works with more than 500 brands  from major groups to mid-market firms  in Europe and around the world.Founded in 1972  DÉKUPLE recorded net sales of €200m in 2023. Present in Europe and China  the Group employs more than 1 000 people guided by its core values: a conquering spirit  respect and collaboration.DÉKUPLE is listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris – Compartment C. ISIN: FR0000062978 – DKUPL - www.dekuple.comContactsDÉKUPLEInvestor Relations & Financial Informationtel: +33 (0)1 41 58 72 03 - relations.investisseurs@dekuple.comCALYPTUSCyril Combe - tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 - dekuple@calyptus.net1 Net sales (determined in line with the French professional status for subscription sales) only include the amount of remuneration paid by magazine publishers; for subscription sales  net sales therefore correspond to a gross margin  deducting the cost of magazines sold from the amount of sales recorded. For acquisition and management commissions linked to sales of insurance policies  net sales comprise current and future commissions issued  acquired by the accounting reporting date  net of cancellations.2 For the digital marketing business  the gross margin represents the total amount of net sales (total invoices issued: fees  commissions and purchases charged back to customers) less the total amount of costs for external purchases made on behalf of customers. It is equal to net sales for the magazine and insurance business lines.3 EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization) is restated for the IFRS 2 impact of bonus share awards and the IFRS 16 impact relating to the restatement of lease charges.4 Cash position on the balance sheet net of all financial liabilities.Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.64,0.25,0.11,True,English,"['2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS', 'strong growth', 'Ambition 2025” plan', 'DEKUPLE', 'line', 'European cross-channel data marketing expert', 'stable family shareholding structure', 'leading engagement communications agency', 'Le Nouveau Bélier', 'advertising strategy consulting agency', 'Digital Strategy Consulting activities', 'DÉKUPLE Chairman', 'global geopolitical situation', 'supplementary health offering', 'Consolidated net sales1', 'cash flow pressures', 'general economic situation', 'new subscriber recruitments', 'solid balance sheet', 'Generative Artificial Intelligence', 'major commercial investments', 'DÉKUPLE Group', 'multi-entrepreneur group organization', 'Digital Marketing activities', 'digital marketing business', 'total net sales', 'European leader', 'retail expert', 'Net income', 'economic crises', 'cash position', 'Data Platform', 'BtoB activities', 'BtoC activities', 'solid performance', 'marketing investments', 'Marketing Solutions', 'core business', 'business acquisitions', 'Agencies business', 'Magazine business', 'Insurance business', 'solid growth', 'Gross margin', '20 basis points', 'parent company', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'purchasing power', 'new challenges', 'rapid ramp-up', 'sustained increase', 'strong progress', 'many areas', 'complementary areas', 'long-term vision', 'diverse areas', 'KEY DEVELOPMENTS', 'continued expansion', 'full-year contribution', 'Smart Traffik', 'technology company', 'presence management', 'unfavorable context', 'recurrent revenues', 'press market', 'marked decrease', 'second half', 'high basis', 'high level', 'full-year gr', 'The Group', 'strong growth', 'robust growth', 'profitable growth', '2023 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS', 'positive development', 'successful development', 'positive year', 'many businesses', 'slight improvement', 'full year', 'previous year', 'Group share', '2025 strategic plan', 'technological expertise', '2025 plan', 'line', 'Ambition 2025', 'dividend', 'Paris', '29 March', '00pm', 'ADLPartner', 'CEO', 'energy', 'Ukraine', 'clients', 'need', 'digitalization', 'caution', 'roadmap', 'transformation', 'relevance', 'offers', 'efficiency', 'effectiveness', 'operations', 'resources', 'start', 'datafication', 'teams', 'weighting', 'capacity', 'innovation', 'use', 'opportunities', 'France', 'confidence', 'ability', 'quality', 'deliverables', 'extension', 'scope', 'Brainsonic', 'impact', 'traffic', 'integration', 'July', 'contraction', 'consumption', 'portfolios', 'relation', 'backdrop', 'EBITDA3']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,globenewswire.com
38526,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DOVALUE-S-P-A-60546393/news/DoValue-S-p-A-Consolidated-Non-Financial-Statement-pursuant-Legislative-Decree-No-254-2016-at-Dec-46320493/,DoValue S p A : Consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant Legislative Decree No. 254/2016 at December 31  2023 -March 29  2024 at 12:10 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure of doValue S.p.A.    Approved by the Board of Directors of 20 March 2024    Pursuant to Article 123 Bis of the TUF   INDEX   GLOSSARY ...............................…,"Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure of doValue S.p.A.Approved by the Board of Directors of 20 March 2024Pursuant to Article 123 Bis of the TUFINDEXGLOSSARY ..................................................................................................................................................................... 41. ISSUER PROFILE ...................................................................................................................................................... 7 2 INFORMATION ON OWNERSHIP (pursuant to Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  TUF) AS OF 31 DECEMBER2023 .................................................................................................................................................................................. 11a) Share capital structure (pursuant to Article 123-bis(1)(a) TUF) ...................................................... 11(b) Restrictions on the transfer of securities (pursuant to Article 123-bis(1)(b) TUF) ........................ 12(c) Significant shareholdings in the capital (pursuant to Article 123-bis(1)(c) TUF) .......................... 12(d) Securities carrying special rights (pursuant to Article 123 bis (1)(d) TUF) ................................... 12e) Employee shareholding: mechanism for exercising voting rights (pursuant to Art. 123 bis (1)(e)TUF) 12f) Voting restrictions (pursuant to Art. 123 bis (1)(f) TUF) ................................................................... 12g) Shareholder agreements known to doValue pursuant to Article 122 TUF (formerly Article 123-bis(1)(g) TUF) ............................................................................................................................................. 12 h) Change of control clauses (pursuant to Article 123-bis  paragraph 1(h) of the Consolidated Law on Finance) and statutory provisions on takeover bids (pursuant to Article 104  paragraph 1-ter ofthe Consolidated Law on Finance) ) ......................................................................................................... 13 i) Proxies to increase the share capital and authorisations to purchase treasury shares (pursuant toArt. 123-bis(1)(m) TUF ) ........................................................................................................................... 16l) Management and coordination activities (pursuant to Article 2497 et seq. of the Civil Code) ....... 163 COMPLIANCE (pursuant to Article 123-bis(2)(a) first part  TUF) ....................................................................... 184 BOARD OF DIRECTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 194.0 ROLE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS .............................................................................................. 194.1 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT (pursuant to Article 123-bis(1)(l)  first part  TUF) ........... 214.2 COMPOSITION (pursuant to Article 123-bis(2)(d) and (d-bis)  TUF) .................................................. 244.3 OPERATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS (pursuant to Article 123-bis(2)(d) TUF) ............. 324.4 ROLE OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ...................................................... 344.5 EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS ....................................................................................................................... 364.6 INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS AND LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS ...................................... 385 MANAGEMENT OF CORPORATE INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 40Management of Privileged Information ................................................................................................... 40Internal Dealing ......................................................................................................................................... 416 INTERNAL BOARD COMMITTEES (pursuant to Article 123-bis  Section 2(d)  TUF) ..................................... 437 SELF-ASSESSMENT AND SUCCESSION OF DIRECTORS - NOMINATION AND REMUNERATIONCOMMITTEE ................................................................................................................................................................. 45SELF-ASSESSMENT AND SUCCESSION OF DIRECTORS ............................................................ 458 DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION - NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE .................... 4828.0 DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION ............................................................................................................ 489 INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM - CONTROL AND RISK COMMITTEE ..529.0 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ............................................................................................................... 709.1 CONTROL AND RISK COMMITTEE .................................................................................................... 729.2 HEAD OF THE INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION .................................................................................. 789.2 HEAD OF THE INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION .................................................................................. 789.3 ORGANISATIONAL MODEL pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 ...................................................... 819.4 AUDITING COMPANIES .................................................................................................................................. 829.5 MANAGER IN CHARGE OF PREPARING CORPORATE ACCOUNTING DOCUMENTS ANDOTHER CORPORATE ROLES AND FUNCTIONS ............................................................................................. 829.6COORDINATION BETWEEN THE PARTIES INVOLVED IN THE INTERNAL CONTROL ANDRISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ............................................................................................................................ 8410 DIRECTORS' INTERESTS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ........................................................ 8611 BOARD OF AUDITORS ........................................................................................................................................... 8711.1 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT ................................................................................................ 8711.2 COMPOSITION AND OPERATION (pursuant to Article 123-bis  paragraph 2  letters d) and d-bis)  TUF) .................................................................................................................................................................... 8912 SHAREHOLDER RELATIONS ............................................................................................................................. 9213 ASSEMBLY ............................................................................................................................................................... 94 14 FURTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES (pursuant to Article 123-bis(2)(a)  second part TUF) ................................................................................................................................................................................. 9715 CHANGES SINCE THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD ........................................................................ 98As of January 2024  the Company again qualified as an SME because the market capitalisation for the year 2023 (calculated in accordance with Article 2-ter(1) of the Regulation on Issuers) was below the threshold providedfor in Article 1(1)(w-quater(1) of the TUF .................................................................................................................... 98 16 REMARKS ON THE LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCECOMMITTEE ................................................................................................................................................................. 98During the Board meeting of 12 January 2024  the Chairman of the doValue Board of Directors delivered and illustrated to the Board members  also in their capacity as members of the Endoconsiliar Committees  as well as to the Board of Statutory Auditors  the letter - dated 14 December 2023 - containing the ""Recommendations of the Corporate Governance Committee for 2024""  addressed by the Chairman of the Corporate GovernanceCommittee to the Chairmen of the Boards of Directors of all Italian listed companies . .......................................... 98TABLES ......................................................................................................................................................................... 100TABLE 1: INFORMATION ON OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE AS AT 31/12/2023 .......................................... 100TABLE 2: STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AT THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR102TABLE 4: STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD OF AUDITORS AT THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR 1053GLOSSARYAdsolum: Adsolum Real Estate S.L.  with registered office at Calle José Echegaray  6 - Las Rosas - Madrid  share capital of EUR 100 000  registered in the Madrid Register of Companies  tax code B67826578 and VAT no.ES28065Appointments and Remuneration Committee: the intra-committee with investigative  proposing and advisory functions on Appointments and Remuneration matters. availing itself of the power set forth in Recommendation 16 of the Corporate Governance Code.Articles of Association: the current articles of association of doValue as published on the company's website on the date of approval of this document.Auditing Company: EY S.p.A.Avio: Avio S.à r.l.  with registered office in Luxembourg  26  Boulevard Royal  L-2449  tax code 97754310155 and VAT number LU28038434  registered in the Luxembourg Register of Companies under no. B195157.Board of Directors: the Board of Directors of doValue.Board of Statutory Auditors: the Board of Statutory Auditors of doValue.CG Code/Corporate Governance Code: the code for listed companies approved in January 2020 by the Corporate Governance Committee and promoted by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  ABI  Ania  Assogestioni  Assonime and Confindustria  which replaced the Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.CG/Corporate Governance Committee: the Italian Committee for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies  promoted not only by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  but also by ABI  Ania  Assogestioni  Assonime and Confindustria.Cod. Civ. / C.C.: the Italian Civil Code.Consob Regulation on Issuers: the Regulation issued by Consob with Resolution No. 11971 of 1999 (as subsequently amended) on issuers.CONSOB Related Parties Regulation: the Regulation issued by Consob with Resolution No. 17221 of 12 March 2010 (as subsequently amended) concerning related party transactions.doData: doData S.r.l.  with registered office in Rome  Via del Ghirlandaio 5  share capital EUR 100 000  enrolled in the Rome Register of Companies under no. RM-1345543  tax code and VAT no. 12034491006.doNext (formerly Italfondiario S.p.A.)  doNext S.p.A.  with registered office in Rome  Lungotevere Flaminio 18  share capital EUR 4 000 000  enrolled in the Rome Register of Companies under no. RM-30794  tax code 00399750587  VAT number 00880671003.doValue Cyprus Limited  formerly : Altamira Asset Management Cyprus Limited  with registered office at 1Megalou Alexandrou Ave.  2235 Latsia  Nicosia  registered with the Cyprus Companies Register under No. HE 376434  VAT No. 10376434S.doValue Greece Real Estate: doValue Greece Real Estate Services Single Member Société Anonyme with registered office at Kyprou & Archimidous 19-21  18346 Moschato  Athens  VAT No: 801420067 GEMI 4Registration: 156425101000 doValue Greece: doValue Greece Loans and Credits Claim Management S.A.  with registered office at 27  Kyprou & Archimedous Str. 18346 Moschato (Greece)  VAT No. 099755919  GEMI Registration No. 121602601000. doValue Portugal: doValue Portugal Unip. Lda. (formerly Altamira Asset Management Portugal Unip. Lda)  with registered office at Avenida da República 90  Piso 2  1600-206 Lisbon  registered with the Companies' Register of Lisbon  VAT No. 514 323 736.doValue Spain (formerly Altamira Asset Management S.A.  with change of name as of 15 March 2023) doValue Spain Servicing S.L. with registered office at calle José Echegaray  6 Las Rozas de Madrid  Madrid  share capital of EUR 937 500  registered with the Companies' Register of Madrid  tome 31469  folio 40  page M566434  tax code A86819596 and VAT registration number. ESA86819596.doValue Special Projects Cyprus Limited   formerly doValue Cyprus Limited  with its registered office at 20Costi Palama Aspelia Court  1096 Nicosia  Cyprus  registered with the Companies' Register of Cyprus under No.HE 403669  tax code and VAT No. 10403669U.doValue website: the Company's website available atwww.doValue.it.Endoconsiliar Committees: the Appointments and Remuneration Committee and the Risks  Related Party Transactions and Sustainability Committee  collectively understood. .Financial year: the business year to which the report refersFinancial Year: the financial year to which this Report refers  between 1 January and 31 December 2023.Fortress Group: Fortress and any company or entity directly or indirectly controlled by it  or subject to common control by it.Fortress: Fortress Investment Group LLC  headquartered at 1209 Corporation Trust Center  Orange Street  19801 Wilmington  Delaware  DE  United States.Group / doValue Group: the doValue Group  as at 31.12.2023 on the basis of the consolidation perimeter  consisting of doValue as Parent Company  doNext  doData  doValue Spain   doValue Special Projects (Cyprus)Limited  doValue Portugal  doValue Greece  doValue Greece Real Estate  doValue Cyprus  Zarco  Adsolum Real Estate and Team 4 Collection and Consulting S.L.UImplementing Regulation: EU Regulation No. 347/2016 for the implementation of MAR.Internal Control System: the system of internal controls adopted by the Group.Issuer / doValue / Company / Parent Company: doValue S.p.A.  with registered office in Viale dell'Agricoltura  7 - 37135 Verona share capital of Euro 41 280 000.00 fully paid-up  registered with the Verona Company Register  in the R.E.A. under no. VR/19260  tax code 00390840239 and VAT number 02659940239.Listing: the listing of the Issuer's shares on the MTA  organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A  with trading commencing on 14 July 2017.MAR: 'Market Abuse Regulation' - EU Regulation No. 596/2014 on market abuse.MTA: the electronic share market (Mercato Telematico Azionario) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana on which doValue shares are also traded.Remuneration Report: the report on the remuneration policy and compensation paid in 2023  prepared by the Company pursuant to Article 123-ter TUF and 84-quater Consob Regulation on Issuers.Report: the report on corporate governance and ownership structure  which companies are required to prepare pursuant to Article 123 bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance.Risk  Related-Party Transactions and Sustainability Committee: the endoconsulting Committee availing itself of the option set forth in Recommendation 16 of the Corporate Governance Code. with investigative  proposing and advisory functions on the subject of Risks and Related-Party Transactions to which  on 16 December 2021  the functions on the subject of sustainability were also assigned  in compliance with Recommendation 1 of the Corporate Governance CodeSoftBank: SoftBank Group Corporation with headquarters at 1-9-1 Higashi-Shinbashi  Minato-ku - Tokyo - Japan.TUF: Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  (the ""Consolidated Law on Finance"")  as updated from time to timeZARCO: ZARCO STC S  with registered office at Avenida da República  nº 90  2º  Freguesia de Alvalade  Lisbon  share capital of EUR 125 000  registered in the Lisbon Register of Companies  tax code 5158860681. ISSUER PROFILEdoValue  which has been listed on the MTA of Borsa Italiana (now Euronext Milan) since 14 July 2017  is a servicing company (pursuant to Article 115 of the T.U.L.P.S. regulating the debt collection sector); since 3 June 2022  doValue's ordinary shares have been admitted to trading on the Euronext STAR Milan segment.The Company has adopted the 'traditional' type of administration and control model  whose structure is centred on the presence of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors  as the body with control functions  both appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting. The Board of Directors also appoints a Managing Director.The doValue Group offers  in Italy and abroad  to its clients  both Banks and Investors  credit portfolio management services doValue  Parent Company of the doValue Group ()  represents the first operator in Southern Europe active in credit management and real estate services  mainly deriving from non-performing receivables  on behalf of banks and investors. The Group operates mainly in Italy  Spain  Portugal  Greece and Cyprus and provides integrated credit and real estate asset management services  with the objective of supporting banks and investors who own the assets in their value creation objectives.The Group's main areas of activity are as follows:• servicing of performing and early arrears receivables • UTP (unlikely-to-pay) credit servicing • servicing of non-performing-loans (NPLs) • servicing of real estate assets • other ancillary services to the servicing business.For a profile on the issuer  see alsowww.doValue.it.The Group also aims to achieve important synergies and its organisation provides for significant integration between subsidiaries and the parent company.The unitary governance of the Group is guaranteed by the policy  governance and support role played by the Parent Company  as well as by the observance by all its member companies of a set of common principles underpinning corporate operations.Below is the sociogram showing the issuer's main holdings:7doValue holds 100% of the capital of the following companies belonging to the doValue Group:• doNext  a company specialised in master servicing and cash management activities  whose object is also the granting of loans pursuant to Article 106 of Legislative Decree No. 385/1993 (TUB);• doData  with the mission to provide business information and data quality management services specifically for non-performing loans;• doValue Spain  of which it holds 100% of the capital from 24 October 2023; a company incorporated under Spanish law  active in the credit management and recovery businessdoValue Greece Real Estate  a company incorporated under Greek law  active in the real estate sector.doValue also directly controls the following companies active in the debt management and collection business:• doValue Special Projects Cyprus Limited in which it holds 94% of the capital 1• doValue Greece  in which it holds 80 per cent of the capital2 .doValue indirectly controls the following companies  which are also active in credit management and debt collection:• doValue Portugal  Altamira Cyprus  Adsolum Real Estate  Team 4 Collection and Consulting S.L.U through doValue Spain  Arpitan Capital S.L. through Adsolum Real Estate and Zarco through doValue Portugal.On the aforementioned subsidiaries  doValue exercises management and coordination activities pursuant to Articles 2497 et seq. of the Civil Code.doValue holds direct minority stakes in:1 The remaining 6% of the share capital is held by doValue Spain.2 The remaining 20% of the share capital is held by Eurobank S.A..8• QUERO QUITAR S.A. for a share of 11.46 % of the capital  a Brazilian fintech company operating in the field of digital collections;• BidX1 Acquisitions Limited for a 17.70% stake in the capital  a UK company specialising in the promotion and execution of real estate transactions through real-time online auction processes.Finally  doValue - through doNext - holds an indirect minority interest of 16% of the capital in Società Gestione Crediti Delta S.p.A. ('SGCD')  a company operating in the field of credit management and recovery in Italy.Consistent with Principle I of the Corporate Governance Code  the Board of Directors exercises a fundamental role in guiding the Issuer with the aim of pursuing its sustainable success. In this regard  on 16 December 2021  the Board of Directors also assigned to the Risk and Related Party Transactions Committee the functions regarding sustainability  with the aim of receiving support from said Committee in the analysis of issues relevant to the pursuit of sustainable success understood as the generation of value in the long term for the benefit of shareholders  taking into account the interests of other stakeholders relevant to the Company. For a detailed analysis of the tasks and responsibilities of this committee  please refer to Section 9.2 of this Report.doValue  as Issuer  falling within the public interest entities  submitted during the Year the Consolidated Statement on Non-Financial Information prepared in accordance with Legislative Decree 254/2016 for the financial year 2022 - which implements Directive 2014/95/EU - and the related Consob Implementing Regulation adopted by Resolution No. 20267 of 18 January 2018  approved by the Board of Directors on 23 March 2023.doValue's Sustainability strategic guidelines are the result of a long journey started in 2016 by the Group  in cooperation with its Stakeholders.doValue's focus on ESG issues is embodied in a strategy aimed at fostering financial inclusion and contributing to the sustainable development of the economic system.Aware of the growing importance of ESG issues in the global economy and given the Group's strategic role in the sustainable development of the financial system  doValue is committed to integrating sustainability into its corporate strategy. In December 2021  the first Sustainability Plan and related Group Sustainability Policy was published  providing guiding principles for the social and environmental areas identified as priorities.As of 31 December 2023  all targets set out in the 2021-23 Sustainability Plan have been met  confirming the Group's commitment to contribute to the achievement of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) identified in the United Nations 2030 Agenda.During 2022-2023  dialogue with stakeholders was further developed to strengthen the relationship of trust built over time  expanding the categories of stakeholders involved in updating the Materiality analysis to identify the environmental  social and governance (ESG) priorities most relevant to the Group. doValue's operational excellence and concrete commitment to Sustainability is also demonstrated by the constant upgrades recognised by the main ESG Rating Agencies. At the following link the dedicated website pagehttps://dovalue.it/it/esg/rating-esg .For the remuneration of directors and the related sustainability measures on the internal control and risk9management system  see Sections 8 and 9.doValue  as of January 2023  was not included in the list of issuers of listed 'SME' shares  as defined pursuant toArticle 1(1)(w-quater.1) of the TUF and Article 2-ter of the Consob Regulation on Issuers  considering that its average market capitalisation during the year 2022 had exceeded the reference threshold of €500 million.As of January 2024  the Company again qualified as an SME because the market capitalisation for the year 2023 (calculated in accordance with Article 2-ter  paragraph 1  of the Issuers' Regulation) was below the threshold stipulated in Article 1  paragraph 1  letter w-quater.1)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance.The Company's capitalisation as of 29.12.2023 was € 274.4 million  while turnover as of 31.12.2023 was approximately € 141 million.This entails  among other things  raising the minimum threshold of relevant shareholdings  to be disclosed pursuant to Article 120 of the TUF  from 3% to 5% of the voting share capital.doValue does not fall within the Corporate Governance Code's definition of a 'large company' nor within that of a 'concentrated ownership company'.10",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Consolidated Non-Financial Statement', 'DoValue S', 'Legislative Decree', 'December', 'March', '12:10', 'doValue S.p.A.', 'CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER', 'Share capital structure', 'LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS', 'RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM', '6 INTERNAL BOARD COMMITTEES', 'Internal Dealing', 'RISK COMMITTEE', 'Corporate Governance', 'Ownership Structure', 'ISSUER PROFILE', 'Significant shareholdings', 'special rights', 'Employee shareholding', 'voting rights', 'Shareholder agreements', 'Consolidated Law', 'statutory provisions', 'takeover bids', 'treasury shares', 'coordination activities', 'Civil Code', 'first part', '4.5 EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS', '4.6 INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS', '9 INTERNAL CONTROL', 'CORPORATE INFORMATION', 'Privileged Information', 'Voting restrictions', 'control clauses', 'REMUNERATION COMMITTEE', ""8 DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION"", ""8.0 DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION"", 'Article 122 TUF', '5 MANAGEMENT', '9.1 CONTROL', '4 BOARD', 'Article 123', 'Report', '20 March', 'Bis', 'INDEX', 'GLOSSARY', 'paragraph', '31 DECEMBER', 'transfer', 'securities', 'mechanism', 'Art. 123', 'Change', 'Finance', 'Proxies', 'authorisations', '3 COMPLIANCE', '4.0 ROLE', 'THE', 'APPOINTMENT', 'REPLACEMENT', 'COMPOSITION', 'OPERATION', 'CHAIRMAN', 'Section', '7 SELF-ASSESSMENT', 'SUCCESSION', 'NOMINATION', 'HEA', '1.', '4.1', '4.2', '4.3', '4.4', '9.0']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38527,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARCELORMITTAL-34942237/news/ArcelorMittal-Annual-report-2023-English-46318806/,ArcelorMittal : Annual report 2023 – English -March 29  2024 at 04:50 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Table of Contents   Management report   Introduction   Page   Company overview 3   History and development of the Company 3   Forward-looking statements 9   Key transactions and events in 2023...https://www.market…,"Table of ContentsManagement reportIntroductionPageCompany overview3History and development of the Company3Forward-looking statements9Key transactions and events in 202310Sustainable development highlights - striving tobe a leader in the decarbonization of the steel 11industryRisk Factors and Control 15Business overviewBusiness strategy 37Research and development 39Sustainable development 44Products 70Sales and marketing 74Intellectual property 74Government regulations 75Organizational structure 88Properties and capital expendituresProperty  plant and equipment 90Capital expenditures 105Mineral reserves and resources 107Operating and financial reviewEconomic conditions 128Operating results 151Liquidity and capital resources 165Disclosures about market risk 172Outlook 174Management and employeesDirectors and senior management 174Compensation 186Employees 202Corporate governance 208Shareholders and marketsMajor shareholders 217Related party transactions 220Markets 221PageNew York Registry Shares 221Dividend distributions 221Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and 222 affiliated purchasersShare capital 223Additional informationMemorandum and Articles of Association 224Material contracts 233Exchange controls and other limitations 234affecting security holdersTaxation 235Evaluation of disclosure controls and 239proceduresGlossary - definitions  terminology and principal 241subsidiariesChief executive officer and chief financial 244officer's responsibility statementConsolidated financial statements 245 Consolidated statements of operations 246Consolidated statements of other 247 comprehensive incomeConsolidated statements of financial position 248Consolidated statements of changes in equity 249Consolidated statements of cash flows 250Notes to the consolidated financial statements 251Report of the réviseur d'entreprises agréé - 366 consolidated financial statementsINTRODUCTIONCompany overviewArcelorMittal is one of the world's leading integrated steel and mining companies. ArcelorMittal is the largest steel producer in Europe and among the largest in the Americas  and a growing presence in Asia including India through its joint venture AMNS India.Crude steel 58.1 production (million tonnes) 59.0 42.0 Iron ore production (million tonnes)* 45.3 55.6 Steel shipments (million tonnes) 55.9 68.3 Sales (billion USD) 79.820232022*Iron ore production includes production from ArcelorMittal Mining Canada G.P. and ArcelorMittal Infrastructure G.P. (""AMMC"")  ArcelorMittal Liberia and captive mines.ArcelorMittal has steel-making operations in 15 countries  including 37 integrated and mini-mill steel-making facilities. As of December 31  2023  ArcelorMittal had approximately 126 756 employees.ArcelorMittal produces a broad range of high-quality finished and semi-finished steel products (""semis""). Specifically  ArcelorMittal produces flat products  including sheet and plate  and long products  including bars  rods and structural shapes. It also produces pipes and tubes for various applications. ArcelorMittal sells its products primarily in local markets and to a diverse range of customers in approximately 140 countries  including the automotive  appliance  engineering  construction and machinery industries. ArcelorMittal's mining operations produce various types of mining products including iron ore lump  fines  concentrate  pellets  sinter feed and coking coal.As a global steel producer  the Company is able to meet the needs of different markets. Steel consumption and product requirements clearly differ between developed markets and developing markets. Steel consumption in developed economies is weighted towards flat products and a higher value-added mix  while developing markets utilize a higher proportion of longproducts and commodity grades. To meet these diverse needs  the Company maintains a high degree of product diversification and seeks opportunities to increase the proportion of higher value-added products in its product mix.History and development of the CompanyArcelorMittal results from the merger in 2007 of its predecessor companies Mittal Steel Company N.V. and Arcelor  each of which had grown through acquisitions over many years. Since its creation ArcelorMittal has experienced periods of external growth as well as consolidation and deleveraging (including through divestment).ArcelorMittal's success is built on its core values of sustainability  safety  quality and leadership and the entrepreneurial boldness that has empowered its emergence as the first truly global steel and mining company. Acknowledging that a combination of structural issues and macroeconomic conditions will continue to challenge returns in its sector  the Company has adapted its footprint to the new demand realities  redoubled its efforts to control costs and repositioned its operations with a view toward outperforming its competitors. ArcelorMittal's research and development capability is strong and includes several major research centers as well as strong academic partnerships with universities and other scientific bodies.Against this backdrop  ArcelorMittal's strategy is to leverage four distinctive attributes that will enable it to capture leading positions in the most attractive areas of the steel industry's value chain  from mining at one end to distribution and first-stage processing at the other: global scale and scope; superior technical capabilities; a diverse portfolio of steel and related businesses  one of which is mining; and financial capabilities. The Company's strategy is further detailed under ""Business overview-Business strategy"".ArcelorMittal's steel-making operations have a high degree of geographic diversification. In 2023  approximately 39% of its crude steel was produced in the Americas  approximately 50% was produced in Europe and approximately 11% was produced in other countries  such as South Africa and Ukraine. In addition  ArcelorMittal's sales of steel products are spread over both developed and developing markets  which have different consumption characteristics. ArcelorMittal's mining operations  including captive mines are present in North America  South America  Africa  Europe and the CIS region. Captive mines are integrated into the Company's global steel-making facilities.Competitive strengthsAs shown by the following graph  ArcelorMittal has a diversified portfolio of steel and mining products to meet a wide range of customer needs across many steel-consuming sectors  including automotive  appliance  engineering  construction  energy and machinery and via distributors.* Other steel sales mainly represent metal processing  machinery  electrical equipment and domestic appliances **Other sales mainly represent mining  chemicals & water  slag  waste  sale of energy and shippingThe Company believes that the following factors contribute to ArcelorMittal's success in the global steel and mining industry:Market leader in steel. ArcelorMittal had annual achievable production capacity of approximately 81.0 million tonnes of crude steel for the year ended December 31  2023. Steel shipments for the year ended December 31  2023 totaled 55.6 million tonnes. ArcelorMittal has significant operations in many countries which are described in ""Properties and capital expenditures"". In addition  many of ArcelorMittal's operating units have access to developing markets that are expected to experience  over time  above-average growth in steel consumption (such as Central and Eastern Europe  South America  India  Africa  CIS and Southeast Asia).The Company sells its products in local markets and through a centralized marketing organization to customers in approximately 140 countries. ArcelorMittal's diversified product offering  together with its distribution network and research and development (""R&D"") programs  enable it to build strong relationships with customers  which include many of the world's major automobile and appliance manufacturers. The Company is a strategic partner to many major original equipment manufacturers (""OEMs"") and has the capability to build long-term contractual relationships with them based on early vendor involvement  contributions to global OEM platforms and common value-creation programs.A world-class mining business. ArcelorMittal has a global portfolio of 9 (following the disposal of Kazakhstan iron ore and coal mining operations) operating units with mines in operation and development and is among the largest iron ore producers in the world. In 2023  ArcelorMittal sourced a large portion of its raw materials from its own mines and facilities including leases. The table below reflects ArcelorMittal's self-sufficiency through its mining operations in 2023.Millions of metric tonnes Iron oreConsumptionSourced from own mines/ facilities2  3Self-sufficiency %PCI & coal1 Coke74.1 29.9 17.342.0 2.0 17.057% 7% 98%Scrap & DRI26.115.559%1. Includes coal only for the steelmaking process and excludes steam coal for power generation. ArcelorMittal's consumption of PCI and coal was 5.8 million tonnes and 24.1 million tonnes  respectively  for the year ended December 31  2023.2. Assumes 100% consumption of ArcelorMittal's iron ore and coal shipments.3. Includes Kazakhstan iron ore and coal mining operations  which were sold on December 7  2023. Iron ore and coal production is included in the table through the transaction closing date. See ""Properties and capital expenditures -Mineral reserve and resources"" and ""Introduction-Key transactions and events in 2023"".The Company has iron ore mining activities in Brazil  Bosnia  Canada  Liberia  Mexico  Ukraine  South Africa and through its joint venture in India and associate in Canada (Baffinland). On December 7  2023  the Company divested its mining operations in Kazakhstan in the context of the sale of ArcelorMittal Temirtau  see ""-Key transactions and events in 2023"". ArcelorMittal's main mining products include iron ore lump  fines  concentrate  pellets and sinter feed. In addition  ArcelorMittal produces substantial amounts of direct reduced iron (""DRI"") which is a scrap substitute used in its mini-mill facilities to supplement external metallic purchases and also a vital material for the production of steel through the electric arc furnace (""EAF"") route which will grow substantially in the context of decarbonization. As of December 31  2023  ArcelorMittal's iron ore reserves (including reserves at mines where ArcelorMittal owns less than 100%  based on ArcelorMittal'sownership percentage even if ArcelorMittal is entitled to mine all the reserves  and including reserves for which use is restricted) were estimated at 3 937 million tonnes run of mine. See ""Properties and capital expenditures-Mineral reserves and resources"" for a detailed list of the entities with mineral reserves and resources and ownership structure. The Company's long-life iron ore reserves and resources provide a measure of security of supply and an important natural hedge against raw material volatility and global supply constraints. The seaborne iron ore mining business is managed as a separate segment which enhances ArcelorMittal's ability to optimize capital allocation.ArcelorMittal's facilities have good access to shipping facilities  including through ArcelorMittal's own  or partially owned  17 deep-water port facilities and linked railway sidings.Market-leading automotive steel business. ArcelorMittal has a leading market share (approximately 15% of the worldwide market) in automotive  and is a leader in the fast-growing advanced high-strength steels (""AHSS"") segment  specifically for flat products. ArcelorMittal is the first steel company in the world to embed its own engineers within an automotive customer to provide engineering support. The Company begins working with OEMs as early as five years before a vehicle reaches the showroom  to provide generic steel solutions  co-engineering and help with the industrialization of the project. These relationships are founded on the Company's continuing investment in R&D and its ability to provide well-engineered solutions that help make vehicles lighter  safer and more fuel-efficient.In 2023  ArcelorMittal extended the S-in Motion® catalog according to the automotive market trends. The S-in Motion® battery electric vehicles (""BEV"") catalog of steel solutions has been adapted to include specific products for BEV's including new designs focused on battery protection. Advanced and especially ultra-high strength steels  innovative press hardened steels  and laser welded blanks are especially highlighted as key solutions for optimal performance (passenger safety/ lightweighting) and battery protection. The growth of various types of electric vehicles will impact design and manufacturing leading to demand for different materials and steel grades  and more AHSS for battery protection. For instance  both the battery box and body structure have to protect the battery in the event of a crash. AHSS products are among the most affordable solutions on the market for these specific applications. In a context where the supply of electric vehicles  and especially BEVs  is expected to grow quickly.Recently  the automotive industry's priority has turned towards the simplification of the vehicle manufacturing complexity linked to the rising importance of electrical vehicles. ArcelorMittal's response is the ArcelorMittal Multi-Part Integration™ (""MPI"")concept integrating a large number of parts into one single component combining PHS (Usibor®) and laser welding technology. On top of further lightweighting opportunities  the new solutions offer concepts to simplify operations by optimizing the amount of robots  by reducing the shop floor size  and by cutting the hours of labor per vehicle in the assembly shop by up to 30%. These achievements were mainly possible with the combination of extra-large laser welded blanks and the new generation of Press Hardening steels Usibor® 2000 and Ductibor® 1000.In the automotive industry  ArcelorMittal mainly supplies the geographic markets where its production facilities are located  which are Europe  North and South America  South Africa and China through Valin ArcelorMittal Automotive Steel Co.  Ltd (""VAMA"")  a joint venture with Hunan Valin. VAMA's product mix is oriented toward higher value products and mainly toward the OEMs to which the Company sells tailored solutions based on its products. With sales and service offices worldwide and production facilities in North and South America  South Africa  Europe and China  ArcelorMittal believes that it is uniquely positioned to supply global automotive customers with the same products worldwide. The Company has multiple joint ventures and has also developed a global downstream network of partners through its distribution solutions activities. This provides the Company with a proximity advantage in virtually all regions where its global customers are present.Examples of MPI are the rear H-Frame and the double door ring. Following the launch of H-frame project in China with Dongfeng Voyah in 2022  the Company launched several new projects in 2023 (including designing and structure strengthening projects) for OEMs. Furthermore  after the initial success of MPI Door-Ring concepts in the U.S. and China with both legacy and newcomer OEMs  in 2023  the Company succeeded in a breakthrough of the Door-Ring concept with several OEMs in Europe as well. As of December 31  2023  more than 50 different vehicles are designed by ArcelorMittal with the Door-Ring concept and approximately 100 projects are currently in progress.Sustainability (with focus on CO2 emission reduction in the supply chain) has become a key requirement in the automotive industry linked to the importance of sustainability in the holistic electrical vehicle marketing concept. In 2021  ArcelorMittal launched two solutions under the XCarb™ brand: XCarb™ green steel certificates and XCarb™ recycled and renewably produced (""RRP"")  which was well received in automotive industry and markets. The first XCarb® RRP steels were successfully launched in Europe and in North America  exhibiting potential for reduction in CO2 emissions. In 2023  the Company entered into an agreement with General Motors for supplying XCarb® RRP steels in North America.For further details on the new products under development  see ""Business overview-Research and development"".Diversified and efficient producer. As a global steel manufacturer with a leading position in many markets  ArcelorMittal benefits from scale and production cost efficiencies in various markets and a measure of protection against the cyclicality of the steel industry and raw materials prices.• Diversified production process. In 2023  approximately 43.2 million tonnes of crude steel were produced through the basic oxygen furnace process (""BOF"") and approximately 14.9 million tonnes through the electric arc furnace (""EAF"") process. This provides ArcelorMittal with greater flexibility in its raw material and energy use  and increased ability to meet varying customer requirements in the markets it serves.• Product and geographic diversification. By operating a portfolio of assets diversified across product segments and geographic areas  ArcelorMittal benefits from a number of natural hedges. As a global steel producer with a broad range of high-quality finished and semi-finished steel products  ArcelorMittal is able to meet the needs of diverse markets. Steel consumption and product requirements vary between mature economy markets and developing economy markets. Steel consumption in mature economies is largely from flat products and a higher value-added mix  while developing markets utilize a higher proportion of long products and commodity grades. As developing economies mature and markets evolve  local customers will require increasingly advanced steel products. To meet these diverse needs  ArcelorMittal maintains a high degree of product diversification and seeks opportunities to increase the proportion of its product mix consisting of higher value-added products.• Upstream integration. ArcelorMittal believes that its own raw material production provides it with a competitive advantage over time. Additionally  ArcelorMittal benefits from the ability to optimize its steel-making facilities' efficient use of raw materials  its global procurement strategy and the implementation of Company-wide knowledge management practices with respect to raw materials. Certain of the Company's operating units also have access to infrastructure  such as deep-water port facilities  railway sidings and engineering workshops that lower transportation and logistics costs.• Downstream integration. ArcelorMittal's downstream integration  primarily through its Europe segment for distribution solutions  enables it to provide customized steel solutions to its customers more effectively. TheCompany's downstream assets have cut-to-length  slitting and other processing facilities  which provide value additions and help it to maximize operationalefficiencies.Dynamic responses to market challenges and opportunities. ArcelorMittal's management team has a strong track record and extensive experience in the steel and mining industries.In 2020  the Company successfully reduced fixed costs  including through temporary measures  in line with lower production resulting from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. These savings limited the increase in fixed costs as activity and production levels recovered  thus leading to lower fixed costs per tonne. In total  $1.0 billion of structural cost improvements were identified within this fixed cost reduction program. In 2021  the Company achieved $0.6 billion of fixed cost savings relating to its previously announced $1.0 billion structural improvement plan. Savings were achieved through productivity gains and footprint optimization (following closures at Kraków  coke plant in Florange  and Saldanha); and SG&A savings including a 20% reduction in corporate office costs including headcount reduction. The Company did not make progress on its plan related to repairs and maintenance following the decision taken to maintain such expenditures at higher levels to ensure operational reliability.In February 2022  the Company announced a new three-year $1.5 billion value plan ($1.4 billion scope adjusted for the sale of ArcelorMittal Temirtau operations on December 7  2023) focused on creating value through well-defined commercial and operational initiatives. This plan did not include the impact of strategic capital expenditure projects (which are followed separately). The plan includes commercial initiatives  including volume/mix improvements and operational improvements (primarily in variable costs). The plan aims at protecting operating income potential of the business from rising inflationary pressures  improving its relative competitive position vis-à-vis its peers and supporting sustainably higher profits. The plan progressed during 2023  and the actions taken in 2022 and 2023 have so far yielded cumulative benefits of $0.8 billion (approximately 60% of the scope adjusted target). These include $0.3 billion of commercial initiatives  $0.3 billion of variable costs savings and $0.2 billion of fixed and logistic cost savings. With the ongoing focus to execute and deliver the value plan initiatives  the Company expects to achieve the remainder of the targets as planned in 2024.Proven expertise in acquisitionsArcelorMittal's management team has proven expertise in successfully acquiring and subsequently integrating operations. The Company takes a disciplined approach to investing and uses teams with diverse areas of expertise from differentbusiness units across the Company to evaluate opportunities  conduct due diligence and monitor integration and post-acquisition performance. The Company introduces focused capital expenditure programs  implements Company-wide best practices  balances working capital  ensures adequate management resources and introduces safety and environmental improvements at acquired facilities. ArcelorMittal believes that these operating and financial measures have improved the operating performance and the quality of steel produced at such facilities.In recent years  the Company has focused on portfolio optimization including assets disposals and strategic M&A activity (see also ""- Key transactions and events in 2023""). In 2022  ArcelorMittal acquired a 80% interest in voestalpine's world-class Hot Briquetted Iron (""HBI"") plant in Texas and in 2023  the Company completed the acquisition of Companhia Siderúrgica do Pecém (""CSP"") renamed ArcelorMittal Pecém in Brazil  a world-class operation  producing high-quality slab at a globally competitive cost. To further support its decarbonization strategy  ArcelorMittal completed the acquisitions of Riwald Recycling and Italpannelli Germany  which complement the Company's existing geographic presence and strengthen the product portfolio of ArcelorMittal Downstream Solutions' construction business.Sustainability leadership.ArcelorMittal is committed to leading the industry's efforts to decarbonize  and to being part of the solution to the world reaching net-zero by 2050. As a milestone to its 2050 net-zero target  the Company has set a group target of reducing its CO2 emissions intensity by 25% by 2030  and in its European operations  by 35% by 2030 (scope 1 and 2 emissions). As innovation is central to the Company's success given the onus it places on research and development (""R&D"") with the goal of ensuring ArcelorMittal is at the forefront of the evolution of steelmaking processes and products  the Company has developed the industry's broadest and most flexible suite of low-emissions steelmaking technologies and has integrated them into two pathways  Smart Carbon and Innovative-DRI  both of which hold the potential to deliver carbon-neutral steelmaking.Other informationArcelorMittal is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) that was incorporated for an unlimited period under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on June 8  2001. ArcelorMittal is registered at the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B 82.454.The mailing address and telephone number of ArcelorMittal's registered office are:ArcelorMittal24-26  Boulevard d'Avranches L-1160 LuxembourgGrand Duchy of Luxembourg Telephone: +352 4792-1ArcelorMittal's agent for U.S. federal securities law purposes is:ArcelorMittal Sales & Administration LLC833 W. Lincoln Highway  Suite 200E  Schererville  IN 46375Telephone: +219 256 7303Internet siteArcelorMittal maintains an Internet site atwww.arcelormittal.com. Information contained on or otherwise accessible through this Internet site is not a part of this annual report. All references in this annual report to this Internet site and to any other Internet sites (other than to specific documents furnished to or filed with the SEC and specifically incorporated by reference herein) are inactive textual references and are for information only. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports  proxy and information statements  and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC atwww.sec.gov.ArcelorMittal produces a range of publications to inform its shareholders. These documents are available in various formats: they can be viewed online or downloaded. Please refer towww.arcelormittal.com  where they can be located within the Investors menu  under Financial Reports  or within the Corporate Library. Any request for documents may be sent to:company.secretary@arcelormittal.comor ArcelorMittal's registered office.Sustainable developmentArcelorMittal's sustainable development information is detailed in the Integrated Annual Review available within the Corporate Library onwww.arcelormittal.com. The 2023 information is expected to be published during the second quarter of 2024. For further information  please refer to the section ""Sustainable Development"".ArcelorMittal as parent company of the ArcelorMittal groupArcelorMittal  incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg  is the parent company of the ArcelorMittal group and is expected to continue this role during the coming years. The Company has no branch offices.ListingsArcelorMittal's shares (also referred to as ""ordinary shares"" or ""common shares"" throughout this report) are traded on several exchanges: New York (MT)  Amsterdam (MT)  Paris (MT)  Luxembourg (MT) and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges ofBarcelona  Bilbao  Madrid and Valencia (MTS). Its primary stock exchange regulator is the Luxembourg CSSF (""Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier""). ArcelorMittal's CSSF issuer number is E-0001.On May 19  2023  ArcelorMittal's outstanding 5.50% Mandatorily Convertible Subordinated Notes (""MCNs"") matured and were converted into shares  leaving no MCNs outstanding or listed on the NYSE.IndexesArcelorMittal is a member of more than 145 indices including: STOXX Europe 600  S&P Europe 350  CAC40  MSCI Pan-Euro  Bloomberg World Index  IBEX 35  Euronext Paris CAC Basic Materials Index  DAXglobal Steel EUR Price and EuronextAmsterdam AEX Basic Materials Index. Recognized for its commitments to sustainable development  ArcelorMittal is also included in the FTSE4Good Index  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and the Euronext Most Advanced Benelux 20. Furthermore  ArcelorMittal has been participating in the Carbon Disclosure Project since 2005 and the United National Global Compact since 2003.Share price performanceDuring 2023  the price of ArcelorMittal shares increased by 8.2% in dollar terms compared to 2022 year on year; the chart below shows a comparison between the performance of ArcelorMittal's shares and the Eurostoxx600 Basic Resource (SXPP).Capital return policyOn May 2  2023  at the annual general meeting of shareholders (""AGM"")  the shareholders approved the dividend of $0.44 per share proposed by the Board of Directors. The dividend amounted to $369 million and payment included two installments; the first installment of $185 million was paid on June 15  2023 and the second installment of $184 million was paid on December 7  2023.In accordance with its capital return policy  the Company expects to pay a base annual dividend (to be progressivelyincreased over time). In addition  a minimum of 50% of the amount of free cash flow (calculated as net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangibles (""capital expenditures"") less dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders) remaining after paying the base annual dividend is allocated to a share buyback program. Should the ratio of net debt to operating income (loss) less depreciation  impairment and special items be greater than 1.5x then the share buyback will not be made.During 2023  as part of its capital return policy and pursuant to the authorization given by the annual general meeting of shareholders on May 4  2022  ArcelorMittal completed a share buyback program on March 31  2023. On May 5  2023  the Company announced another share buyback program pursuant to the authorization of the AGM held on May 2  2023  which remains outstanding as of the date of this annual report. Including the $8.6 billion from share buyback programs that were completed from 2020 to 2022 and $1.2 billion from shares repurchased during 2023  the Company returned in total $12 billion to shareholders under the above-mentioned capital return policy. Additional buybacks under the outstanding buyback program announced in May 2023 will be allocated to the 2024 capital return (targeting 50% of post-dividend free cash flow as per the policy). For further information on buybacks  see ""Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers"".In February 2024  the Board of Directors recommended a 14% increase of the base annual dividend to $0.50/share (from $0.44/share paid in 2023) to be paid in two equal installments in June 2024 and December 2024  subject to the approval of shareholders at the annual general meeting of shareholders in April 2024.Investor relationsArcelorMittal has a dedicated investor relations team at the disposal of analysts and investors. By implementing high standards of financial information disclosure and providing clear  regular  transparent and even-handed information to all its shareholders  ArcelorMittal aims to be the first choice for investors in the sector.To meet this objective and provide information to fit the needs of all parties  ArcelorMittal implements an active and broad investor communications policy: conference calls  road shows with the financial community  regular participation at investor conferences  plant visits and meetings with individual investors.ArcelorMittal's senior management plans to meet investors and shareholder associations in such events throughout 2024.Investors may use the following e-mails or contact numbers to reach the investor relations team:investor.relations@arcelormittal.comcreditfixedincome@arcelormittal.comSustainable responsible investors+44 203 214 2893 +33 1 7192 1026The Investor Relations team is also a source of information for the growing sustainable responsible investment community. The team organizes special events on ArcelorMittal's corporate responsibility strategy and answers all requests for informationsent to the Group atinvestor.relations@arcelormittal.comor may be contacted at +44 7435 192 206.Financial calendarThe schedule is available on ArcelorMittal's websitewww.arcelormittal.comunder Investors  Financial calendar.Financial results*:Results for the 1st quarter 2024 May 2  2024 Results for the 2nd quarter 2024 and 6 months 2024 August 1  2024 Results for the 3rd quarter 2024 November 7  2024 Meeting of shareholders: Annual general meeting of shareholders April 30  2024* Earnings results are issued before the opening of the stock exchanges on which ArcelorMittal is listed.Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis annual report contains forward-looking statements based on estimates and assumptions. This annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the business  future financial condition  results of operations and prospects of ArcelorMittal  including its subsidiaries. These statements usually contain the words ""believes""  ""plans""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""estimates"" or other similar expressions. For each of these statements  you should be aware that forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Although it is believed that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable  there is no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated will be realized or  even if realized  that they will have the expected effects on the business  financial condition  results of operations or prospects of ArcelorMittal.These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made  and no obligation has been undertaken to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this annual report or elsewhere as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by securities and other applicable laws and regulations. A detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled ""Risk factors"".All information that is not historical in nature and disclosed under ""Operating and financial review"" is deemed to be a forward-looking statement.Market informationThis annual report includes industry data and projections about the Company's markets obtained from industry surveys  market research  publicly available information and industry publications. Statements on ArcelorMittal's competitive position contained in this annual report are based primarily on public sources including  but not limited to  published information from the Company's competitors. Industry publications generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed and that the projections they contain are based on a number of significant assumptions. The Company has not independently verified this data or determined the reasonableness of such assumptions. In addition  in many cases the Company has made statements in this annual report regarding its industry and its position in the industry based on internal surveys  industry forecasts and market research  as well as the Company's experience. While these statements are believed to be reliable  they have not been independently verified.Financial informationThis annual report contains the audited consolidated financial statements of ArcelorMittal and its consolidated subsidiaries  including the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31  2023 and 2022  and the consolidated statements of operations  other comprehensive income  changes in equity and cash flows for each of the years ended December 31  2023  2022 and 2021. ArcelorMittal's consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (""IASB"") and as adopted by the European Union.The financial information and certain other information presented in a number of tables in this annual report have been rounded to the nearest whole number or the nearest decimal. Therefore  the sum of the numbers in a column may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column. In addition  certain percentages presented in the tables in this annual report reflect calculations based upon the underlying information prior to rounding and  accordingly  may not conform exactly to the percentages that would be derived if the relevant calculations were based on the rounded numbers. This annual report includes net debt  operating working capital  gearing and free cash flow  which are non-GAAP financial measures. ArcelorMittal believes net debt  operating working capital  gearing and free cash flow to be relevant to enhance the understanding of its financial position and provides additional information to investors and management with respect to the Company's operating cash flows  capital structure and credit assessment. In addition  it refers to ""special"" items in its capital return policy which will be used to determine if the base dividendwill be paid. ""Special"" items relate to events or charges that the Company does not consider to be part of the normal income generating potential of the business. Items may qualify as ""special"" although they may have occurred in prior years or are likely to recur in following years. Non-GAAP financial measures should be read in conjunction with and not as an alternative for  ArcelorMittal's financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS. Such non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures applied by other companies.Key transactions and events in 2023During 2023  ArcelorMittal completed several financing and liability management transactions. Please refer to ""Operating and financial review-Liquidity and capital resources- Financings"" of this report for a summary of these transactions.• On April 3  2023  the Company announced that it had completed the 60 431 380 shares buyback program announced on July 29  2022 under the authorization given by the annual general meeting of shareholders of May 4  2022.• On April 28  2023  the Company announced that 25 million treasury shares were cancelled to keep the number of treasury shares the Company holds within appropriate levels.• On May 5  2023  ArcelorMittal announced the commencement of a new buyback program of up to 85 million shares under the authorization given by the annual general meeting of shareholders of May 2  2023  to be completed by May 2025. The actual amount of shares that will be repurchased pursuant to this program will depend on the level of post-dividend free cash flow generated over the period (the Company's defined policy is to return a minimum of 50% of post-dividend annual free cash flow)  the continued authorization by shareholders  and market conditions.• On May 19  2023  the Company delivered a total of 57 057 991 treasury shares upon mandatory conversion of the 24 290 025 outstanding 5.50% mandatorily convertible subordinated notes due May 18  2023.• On October 28  2023  ArcelorMittal confirmed that earlier in the day  a tragic accident occurred at its Kostenko coal mine which resulted ultimately in 46 fatalities. No words can adequately convey the devastation the Company feels following this accident. ArcelorMittal and the government of Kazakhstan signed a preliminary agreement for a transaction that would transfer ownership to the Republic of Kazakhstan  and on December 8  2023  ArcelorMittal announced the completion of the sale of ArcelorMittal Temirtau to Qazaqstan Investment Corporation (""QIC"")  a state-controlled direct investment fund. Under the terms of10",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['Annual report', 'ArcelorMittal', 'English', 'March', '04', 'Mittal Steel Company N.V.', 'ArcelorMittal Mining Canada G.P.', 'responsibility statement Consolidated financial statements', 'New York Registry Shares', 'ArcelorMittal Infrastructure G.P.', 'first truly global steel', 'Introduction Page Company overview3', 'new demand realities', 'global steel producer', 'security holders Taxation', 'iron ore lump', 'largest steel producer', 'Related party transactions', 'other 247 comprehensive income', 'mini-mill steel-making facilities', 'INTRODUCTION Company overview', 'higher value-added mix', 'Iron ore production', '366 consolidated financial statements', 'leading integrated steel', 'semi-finished steel products', 'higher value-added products', 'Chief executive officer', 'Sustainable development highlights', 'Contents Management report', 'chief financial', '245 Consolidated statements', 'mining company', 'Crude steel', 'Steel shipments', 'Steel consumption', 'financial review', 'financial position', 'mining companies', 'mining products', 'Key transactions', 'Business overview', 'other limitations', 'product mix', 'higher proportion', 'mining operations', 'Forward-looking statements9', 'Risk Factors', 'Business strategy', 'Government regulations', 'Organizational structure', 'capital expenditures', 'Mineral reserves', 'Economic conditions', 'market risk', 'senior management', 'Corporate governance', 'Dividend distributions', '222 affiliated purchasers', 'Share capital', 'Additional information', 'Material contracts', 'Exchange controls', 'disclosure controls', 'cash flows', 'réviseur', 'growing presence', 'joint venture', 'million tonnes', 'captive mines', 'steel-making operations', 'broad range', 'high-quality finished', 'flat products', 'long products', 'structural shapes', 'various applications', 'diverse range', 'machinery industries', 'various types', 'sinter feed', 'coking coal', 'product requirements', 'developed economies', 'commodity grades', 'high degree', 'product diversification', 'predecessor companies', 'many years', 'external growth', 'core values', 'entrepreneurial boldness', 'structural issues', 'development capability', 'local markets', 'different markets', 'developing markets', 'ArcelorMittal Liberia', 'Intellectual property', 'Operating results', 'capital resources', 'Major shareholders', 'equity securities', 'AMNS India', 'diverse needs', '58.1 production', '37 integrated', '220 Markets', 'Table', 'History', 'Company3', 'events', 'leader', 'decarbonization', '11 industry', 'Research', 'Sales', 'marketing', 'Properties', 'plant', 'equipment', 'Liquidity', 'Disclosures', 'Outlook', 'employees', 'Directors', 'Compensation', 'Purchases', 'issuer', 'Memorandum', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Evaluation', '239 procedures', 'Glossary', 'definitions', 'terminology', 'principal', 'subsidiaries', 'changes', 'Notes', 'entreprises', 'world', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'billion', 'AMMC', '15 countries', 'December', 'sheet', 'plate', 'bars', 'rods', 'pipes', 'tubes', 'customers', '140 countries', 'automotive', 'appliance', 'engineering', 'construction', 'fines', 'concentrate', 'pellets', 'longproducts', 'opportunities', 'merger', 'acquisitions', 'creation', 'periods', 'consolidation', 'deleveraging', 'divestment', 'success', 'sustainability', 'safety', 'emergence', 'combination', 'returns', 'sector', 'footprint', 'efforts', 'costs', 'competitors', '70', '246']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38528,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIESSE-S-P-A-93574/news/Biesse-S-p-A-ANNUAL-REPORT-2023-46320168/,Biesse S p A : ANNUAL REPORT 2023 -March 29  2024 at 10:12 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Annual Report 2023   ANNUAL REPORT AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023   THE BIESSE GROUP .................................................................................................................................................. 6 …,"Annual Report 2023ANNUAL REPORT AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023THE BIESSE GROUP .................................................................................................................................................. 6BIESSE GROUP STRUCTURE ................................................................................................................................ 6BIESSE GROUP PROFILE .................................................................................................................................. 7ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS .................................................................................................. 7FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS ...................................................................................................................................... 8COMPOSITION OF CORPORATE BODIES ........................................................................................................... 11DIRECTORS' REPORT ON OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................. 12GENERAL ECONOMIC OVERVIEW ...................................................................................................................... 12BUSINESS SECTOR REVIEW ............................................................................................................................... 142023 TREND ......................................................................................................................................................... 15CONSOLIDATED NON-FINANCIAL STATEMENT ................................................................................................ 172023 MAIN EVENTS ............................................................................................................................................. 17DIRECTORS' REPORT ON OPERATIONS OF THE BIESSE GROUP ..................................................................... 19INCOME STATEMENT .......................................................................................................................................... 19STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION .............................................................................................................. 22MAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES TO WHICH BIESSE S.P.A. AND THE BIESSE GROUP ARE EXPOSED ....... 23CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ............................................................................................................................... 27PERSONNEL RELATIONS ................................................................................................................................... 28RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 29RECONCILIATION BETWEEN THE PARENT'S EQUITY AND RESULTS AND CONSOLIDATED EQUITY ANDRESULTS ............................................................................................................................................................. 30TRANSACTIONS WITH ASSOCIATES  PARENTS AND THE LATTER'S SUBSIDIARIES ....................................... 30OTHER RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS .......................................................................................................... 31INFORMATION ON SIGNIFICANT COMPANIES OUTSIDE THE EU ..................................................................... 32SHARES IN BIESSE AND/OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES  HELD DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BY MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  THE BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS AND THE GENERAL MANAGER  AS WELL ASBY THEIR RESPECTIVE SPOUSES WHERE NOT LEGALLY SEPARATED AND BY THEIR MINOR CHILDREN ... 33""ATYPICAL AND/OR UNUSUAL"" TRANSACTIONS CARRIED OUT DURING THE YEAR ..................................... 34SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE AND OUTLOOK ............................................................. 34DIRECTORS' REPORT ON OPERATIONS OF BIESSE S.P.A . .............................................................................. 36RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS ..................................................................................................................... 39OTHER INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................ 39PROPOSALS TO THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING ......................................................................... 40CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 .............................................................. 42CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT ............................................................................................................. 42CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ........................................................................ 43CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION .................................................................................. 44CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS ............................................................................................... 45CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY ................................................................................... 46NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ................................................................................. 471. GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... 472. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ANDGENERAL STANDARDS ...................................................................................................................................... 493. MEASUREMENT CRITERIA AND USE OF ESTIMATES ............................................................................. 514. ACCOUNTING STANDARDS AND MEASUREMENT CRITERIA ADOPTED ............................................. 525. ADOPTION OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  AMENDMENTS AND IFRS INTERPRETATIONS ...... 646. REVENUE AND ANALYSIS BY OPERATING SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL AREA ........................... 667. REVENUE ................................................................................................................................................ 688. OTHER INCOME ...................................................................................................................................... 689. CONSUMPTION OF RAW MATERIALS  CONSUMABLES  SUPPLIES AND GOODS ............................... 6910. PERSONNEL EXPENSE .......................................................................................................................... 6911. AMORTISATION  DEPRECIATION  IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS ..................................................... 7012. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE ............................................................................................................... 7013. FINANCE INCOME AND EXPENSES AND EXCHANGE RATE GAINS AND LOSSES ............................... 7114. BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE ........................................................................................ 7215. PROPERTY  PLANT AND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... 7316. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES .................................................................................. 7317. GOODWILL ............................................................................................................................................. 7418. INTANGIBLE ASSETS ............................................................................................................................... 7719. OTHER CURRENT AND NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS ............................................................... 7820. INVENTORIES ......................................................................................................................................... 7821. TRADE RECEIVABLES ............................................................................................................................ 7822. OTHER RECEIVABLES ............................................................................................................................ 7923. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ........................................................................................................... 8024. CONSOLIDATED EQUITY ........................................................................................................................ 8025. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES ........................................................................................................................... 8126. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS ............................................................................................................................ 8427. INCOME TAXES ....................................................................................................................................... 8528. PROVISIONS FOR RISKS AND CHARGES .............................................................................................. 8729. TRADE PAYABLES .................................................................................................................................. 8730. CONTRACT LIABILITIES .......................................................................................................................... 8831. OTHER CURRENT AND NON-CURRENT PAYABLES .............................................................................. 8832. FINANCIAL ASSETS/LIABILITIES FOR DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS ..................................................... 8833. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................... 8934. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS ......................................................................................................... 9235. OTHER INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 9536. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE ................................................................................................. 9637. ANNEXES ................................................................................................................................................ 97FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 ......................................................................................... 101SEPARATE INCOME STATEMENT AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 ......................................................................... 101SEPARATE STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 .................................... 101SEPARATE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 ............................................. 102SEPARATE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 ............................................. 103SEPARATE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 .......................................................... 104SEPARATE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 .............................................. 105NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ............................................................................................................ 1061. OVERVIEW ............................................................................................................................................ 1062. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ........ 1063. MEASUREMENT CRITERIA AND USE OF ESTIMATES .......................................................................... 1084. ACCOUNTING STANDARDS AND MEASUREMENT CRITERIA ADOPTED ........................................... 1095. ADOPTION OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  AMENDMENTS AND IFRS INTERPRETATIONS ..... 1186. REVENUE FROM SALES AND SERVICES AND OTHER OPERATING INCOME ..................................... 1197. ANALYSIS BY OPERATING SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENT ............................................ 1228. CONSUMPTION OF RAW MATERIALS AND CONSUMABLES ............................................................... 1229. PERSONNEL EXPENSE ......................................................................................................................... 12310. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE .............................................................................................................. 12411. PROVISIONS .......................................................................................................................................... 12712. IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ........................................................................................................................... 12713. PROFITS/LOSSES OF RELATED COMPANIES ..................................................................................... 12714. FINANCE INCOME AND EXPENSE ........................................................................................................ 12715. DIVIDENDS ............................................................................................................................................ 12916. TAXES .................................................................................................................................................... 13017. PROPERTY  PLANT  EQUIPMENT AND OTHER ITEMS OF PROPERTY  PLANT AND EQUIPMENT ANDASSETS AVAILABLE FOR SALE ......................................................................................................................... 13118. GOODWILL ............................................................................................................................................ 13319. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS ................................................................................................................ 13520. EQUITY INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES .............................................................. 13621. OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS AND RECEIVABLES ....................................................... 13822. INVENTORIES ........................................................................................................................................ 13923. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS DUE FROM THIRD PARTIES .................................... 13924. TRADE RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES ............................... 14125. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS DUE FROM THIRD PARTIES ....................................................................... 14226. CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS DUE FROM THIRD PARTIES ................................................................ 14227. CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES ............................... 14328. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS .......................................................................................................... 14329. SHARE CAPITAL AND TREASURY SHARES ........................................................................................... 14430. SHARE CAPITAL RESERVES .................................................................................................................. 14431. OTHER RESERVES AND RETAINED EARNINGS ................................................................................... 14432. DIVIDENDS ............................................................................................................................................ 14533. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS ........................................................................................................... 14534. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES ........................................................................................... 14735. BANK OVERDRAFTS AND LOANS ......................................................................................................... 14736. FINANCE LEASE LIABILITIES ................................................................................................................ 14837. NET FINANCIAL POSITION .................................................................................................................... 14838. PROVISIONS FOR RISKS AND CHARGES ............................................................................................. 14939. TRADE PAYABLES TO THIRD PARTIES ................................................................................................. 15040. TRADE PAYABLES TO RELATED PARTIES ........................................................................................... 15041. CONTRACT LIABILITIES DUE TO THIRD PARTIES ................................................................................. 15142. CONTRACT LIABILITIES DUE TO RELATED PARTIES ............................................................................ 15243. OTHER LIABILITIES DUE TO THIRD PARTIES ........................................................................................ 15244. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES ............................... 15345. INCOME TAX PAYABLES ....................................................................................................................... 15346. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES FROM DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS ......................................... 15447. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES  COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES ........................................................ 15448. RISK MANAGEMENT AND CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ...................................... 15549. TRANSACTIONS NOT INVOLVING CHANGES IN CASH FLOWS AND RECONCILIATION OF CASHFLOWS ............................................................................................................................................................... 15950. ATYPICAL OR UNUSUAL TRANSACTIONS ............................................................................................. 15951. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS ....................................................................................................... 16052. OTHER INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 16153. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE ................................................................................................ 16254. GOVERNMENT GRANTS PURSUANT TO ART. 1  PARAGRAPHS 125-129 OF LAW NO. 124/2017 ........ 16255. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS  GENERAL MANAGERS  MANAGERS WITH STRATEGICRESPONSIBILITIES AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS ........................................... 16356. PROPOSALS TO THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING ............................................................ 164REPORTS ……………………………………………………………………………… . ………………………………… . ………………………………… 172REPORT ON THE AUDIT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT ……. ……………………………………… . 172REPORT ON THE AUDIT ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT ………………………………… . ………… .. ………………………… 180REPORT OF THE BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS TO THE SHAREHOLDER'S MEETING ……………… .……… 186THE BIESSE GROUP BIESSE GROUP STRUCTUREThe following companies belong to the Biesse Group and are included in the scope of consolidation:Note: The different colours represent the subgroups of the control chainBIESSE GROUP PROFILEThe Biesse Group is a multinational manufacturer of integrated lines and machines for the processing of wood  glass  stone  plastics and composites. Founded in Italy in 1969 and listed on the Euronext Star segment of the Italian Borsa Italiana stock exchange since June 2001  the Biesse Group supports the business development of its customers in the furniture  housing & construction  automotive and aerospace sectors. Today  about 80% of consolidated revenues are made abroad thanks to a constantly growing worldwide network with 5 production sites and more than 20 showrooms worldwide. Thanks to the expertise of around 4 000 employees  leading companies in their sectors and the most respected names in Italian and international design are inspired to unlock the potential of every material.With respect to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  it should be noted that on 4 July 2023  the process of merging the subsidiary Movetro S.r.l. into Forvet S.p.A. Costruzione Macchine Speciali (its associate  as well as a subsidiary of Biesse S.p.A.) was completed  with accounting and tax effect from 1 January 2023  while on 21 July 2023  the process of merging the subsidiary Montresor & Co. S.r.l. into the parent company Biesse S.p.A. was completed  with accounting and tax effect as of 1 January 2023. It should be noted that the aforementioned merger transactions have no accounting effects on the consolidated financial statements.Finally  on 10 October 2023  the sale of the shares in the subsidiary Biesservice Scandinavia Aktiebolag was completed.ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORSManagement uses some performance indicators  which are not identified as accounting measures under the IFRS (non-GAAP measures)  to better assess the Biesse Group's performance. The criterion applied by the Biesse Group to set these indicators might not be the same as that adopted by other groups  and the indicators might not be comparable with those set by the latter. These performance indicators  which were set in compliance with the Guidelines on performance indicators issued by ESMA/2015/1415 and adopted by CONSOB with its communication No. 92543 of 3 December 2015  refer to performance in the accounting period covered by this Annual Report on Operations and the previous year used for comparison.Performance indicators are to be regarded as complementary to and not a substitute for financial data prepared in accordance with IFRS. Hereafter is a description of the main indicators adopted.▪ Value Added before non-recurring events: this indicator is defined as the Profit (Loss) for the year before income taxes  finance income and expense  exchange rate gains and losses  amortisation of intangible assets  depreciation of property  plant and equipment  impairment losses on fixed assets  allocations to provisions for risks and charges  costs and revenues arising from transactions that Management considers as non-recurring relative to the Biesse Group's ordinary operations  as well as personnel expense.▪ Adjusted EBITDA (Adjusted Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortisation): this indicator is defined as the Profit (Loss) for the period before income taxes  finance income and expense  exchange rate gains and losses  amortisation of intangible assets  depreciation of property  plant and equipment  impairment losses on fixed assets  allocations to provisions for risks and charges  as well as costs and revenues arising from transactions that Management considers as non-recurring relative to the Biesse Group's ordinary operations.▪ Adjusted EBIT (Adjusted Earnings Before Interest and Taxes): this indicator is defined as the Profit (Loss) for the year before income taxes  finance income and expense  exchange rate gains and losses  impairment losses on fixed assets  as well as costs and revenues arising from transactions that Management considers as non-recurring relative to the Biesse Group's ordinary operations.▪ Operating Profit or EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes): this indicator is defined as Profit (Loss) for the year before income taxes  financial income and expenses  and foreign exchange losses and gains.▪ Net Operating Working Capital: this indicator is calculated as the total of Inventories  Trade receivables and Contract assets  net of Trade payables and Contract liabilities.▪ Net Invested Capital: this indicator represents the total of Current and Non-Current Assets  excluding financial assets  net of Current and Non-Current Liabilities  excluding financial liabilities.▪ Net financial position: this indicator is calculated in compliance with the provisions contained inCommunication No. 5/21 of 29 April 2021 issued by Consob  which refers to the ESMA Recommendations of 4 March 2021.FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTSEuro 000's 31 December 2023 % on sales 31 December 2022 % on salesChange % Revenue from sales and services Normalised Added value (1) Ebitda (Gross operating profit) adjusted(1) Ebit adjusted (1) Ebit (1) Profit/Loss for the period 785 002 100.0% 318 356 40.6% 77 025 9.8% 40 348 5.1% 24 169 3.1% 12 483 1.6% 100.0% (4.6)% 41.6% (6.9)% 11.0% (14.9)% 5.8% (15.2)% 6.2% (52.4)% 3.7% (58.8)%Ebitda margin 15.0% 10.0% 11.0% 9.8% 5.0% 0.0%2022 2023 Ebit margin 10.0% 8.0% 6.0% 4.0% 5.8% 5.1% 2.0% 0.0% 2022 2023Statement of Financial PositionEuro 000's 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Net invested capital (1) Equity Net financial position (1) Net operating working capital (1) 168 495 261 448 92 953 41 682 144 147 260 793 116 646 7 908 Order intake 282 320 384 659(1) The criteria for determining amounts relating to interim results and aggregate equity and financial data are described in the Directors' Report on Operations and the Notes to the Financial Statements.Net financial indebtedness 150 100 116.6 93.0 50 02022 2023 Net operating working capital 40 30 20 41.7 10 0 7.9 2022 2023 Euro000'sEuro000'sPersonnel (*)31 December 2023 3 924 31 December 2022Number of employees 4 200 4 100 4 000 4 164 4 120 4 072 3 900 3 965 3 924 3 80012/22 03/23 06/23 09/23 12/23 Turnover per employee 200 197.5 200.1 150 100 2022 2023 Euro000's* includes agency workers.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['Biesse S', 'ANNUAL REPORT', 'March', '10:12', 'WHICH BIESSE S.P.A.', 'ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS', 'BUSINESS SECTOR REVIEW', ""ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'BIESSE GROUP STRUCTURE', 'BIESSE GROUP PROFILE', 'GENERAL ECONOMIC OVERVIEW', 'THE BIESSE GROUP', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'OTHER RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS', 'CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT', 'GENERAL MANAGER', 'COMPREHENSIVE INCOME', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT', 'Annual Report', 'CORPORATE BODIES', 'MAIN EVENTS', 'MAIN RISKS', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE', 'PERSONNEL RELATIONS', 'DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES', 'SIGNIFICANT COMPANIES', 'STATUTORY AUDITORS', 'RESPECTIVE SPOUSES', 'MINOR CHILDREN', 'UNUSUAL"" TRANSACTIONS', 'SIGNIFICANT EVENTS', 'REPORTING DATE', 'OTHER INFORMATION', ""DIRECTORS' REPORT"", 'CONSOLIDATED EQUITY', 'ITS SUBSIDIARIES', '31 DECEMBER', 'COMPOSITION', 'OPERATIONS', 'TREND', 'UNCERTAINTIES', 'RESEARCH', 'RECONCILIATION', 'PARENT', 'RESULTS', 'ASSOCIATES', 'LATTER', 'EU', 'SHARES', 'MEMBERS', 'BOARD', 'ATYPICAL', 'YEAR', 'OUTLOOK', 'PROPOSALS', '2023']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38529,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AVIO-S-P-A-23194747/news/Avio-S-p-A-Corporate-Governance-and-ownership-structure-report-2023-46321340/,Avio S p A : Corporate Governance and ownership structure report 2023 -March 29  2024 at 05:06 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OWNERSHIP   STRUCTURE REPORT   FY 2023   IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 123-BIS OF THE CFA AND 89-BIS OF THE CONSOB ISSUERS' REGULATION      Issuer: Avio S.p.A.   website:www.avio.com  ...https…,"CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OWNERSHIPSTRUCTURE REPORTFY 2023IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 123-BIS OF THE CFA AND 89-BIS OF THE CONSOB ISSUERS' REGULATION(traditional administration and control model)Issuer: Avio S.p.A.website:www.avio.comReport approval date: March 13  2024ContentsGLOSSARY .................................................................................................................................... 4INTRODUCTION ........................................................................................................................ 81. ISSUER PROFILE .............................................................................................................. 92. INFORMATION ON THE OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE .................................... 112.1 Share capital structure (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter a) CFA ................ 112.2 Restrictions on the transfer of shares (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter b)  CFA) .................................................................................................................................... 122.3 Significant share holdings (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter c)  CFA) ....... 122.4 Special control rights (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter d)  CFA) ............... 132.5 Voting rights mechanism for any employee share ownership system (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter e) of the CFA) .................................................................... 132.6 Voting rights restrictions (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter f)  CFA) ......... 132.7 Shareholder agreements (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter g)  CFA) .......... 132.8 Change of control clause (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter h)  CFA) and statutory provisions concerning Public Purchase Offers (Article 104  paragraph 1- ter and 104-bis  paragraph 1  CFA) .................................................................................. 132.9 Power to increase the share capital and authorization to purchase treasury shares (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter m)  CFA) .................................................... 142.9.1. Share capital increases ............................................................................................................ 142.9.2. Treasury shares ...................................................................................................................... 152.10 Management and co-ordination activities (as per Article 2497 of the Civil Code).. 163. COMPLIANCE (AS PER ARTICLE 123-BIS  PARAGRAPH 2  LETTER A)  CFA) .................................................................................................................................... 164. BOARD OF DIRECTORS ............................................................................................ 164.1 Appointment and replacement (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter l)  CFA) 174.2 Composition (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter d) of the CFA) .................. 234.2.1. Members of the Board of Directors ......................................................................................... 234.2.2. Diversity policies .................................................................................................................... 344.2.3. Maximum number of offices permitted in other companies ....................................................... 354.2.4. Induction Programme ............................................................................................................. 384.3 Role of the Board of Directors (as per Article 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter d)  of the CFA) .................................................................................................................................... 384.4 Self-assessment .................................................................................................................. 434.5 Executive bodies ............................................................................................................... 444.5.1. Chief Executive Officer .......................................................................................................... 444.5.2. Chairperson of the Board of Directors ..................................................................................... 514.5.3. Vice-Chairperson of the Board of Directors ............................................................................ 514.5.4. Executive Committee ............................................................................................................. 514.5.5. Reporting to the Board of Directors ......................................................................................... 524.6 Other Executive Directors .............................................................................................. 524.7 Independent Directors ..................................................................................................... 524.8 Lead Independent Director ............................................................................................. 525. PROCESSING OF CORPORATE INFORMATION ............................................. 536. INTERNAL COMMITTEES TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS .................... 577. APPOINTMENTS AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE ............................. 588. CONTROL AND RISKS COMMITTEE ................................................................... 599. SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE ............................................................................. 6110. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS ....................................................................... 6211. INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ..................... 6211.1 Executive Director in charge of the Internal Control and Risk Management System 6611.2 Internal Audit Manager .................................................................................................... 6711.3 Organisational model as per Legislative Decree No. 231 of 2001 ............................. 6811.4 Independent audit firm ..................................................................................................... 6911.5 Executive Officer for Financial Reporting .................................................................... 6911.6 Co-ordination of the parties involved in the Internal Control and Risk Management System ................................................................................................................................. 7112. DIRECTORS' INTERESTS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ....... 7113. APPOINTMENT OF STATUTORY AUDITORS .................................................. 7314. COMPOSITION AND FUNCTIONING OF THE BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS ....................................................................................................................... 7515. SHAREHOLDER RELATIONS .................................................................................. 8216. SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS ................................................................................ 8317. ADDITIONAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES .......................... 8518. CHANGES SUBSEQUENT TO THE YEAR-END ............................................... 8619. CONSIDERATIONS ON THE LETTER OF DECEMBER 18  2023 OF THE CHAIRPERSON OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE... 86GLOSSARYThe main terms used in the Report are presented below. These terms  except where otherwise specified  are defined as follows:Shareholders' Meeting The Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer Borsa Italiana Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  a London Stock Exchange Group company  with registered office at Piazza degli Affari No. 6  Milan. Civil Code Royal Decree No. 262 of March 16  1942 - XX and subsequent amendments and supplements. Code or CG Code The Corporate Governance Code for listed companies approved in January 2020 by the Corporate Governance Committee. Inside Information Processing Policy The Inside Information Processing Policy aimed at regulating  in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16  2014  market abuse conduct and related delegated and executive regulations. The Code was last updated and approved at the September 9  2022 Board meeting. Board of Statutory Auditors The Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. CG Committee The Italian Committee for the Corporate Governance of listed companies  promoted by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  ABI  ANIA  Assogestioni  Assonime and Confindustria. Control and Risks Committee Internal committee to the Board of Directors set up in accordance with Article 6 of the Corporate Governance Code. Appointments and Remuneration Committee Internal committee to the Board of Directors set up in accordance with Articles 4 & 5 of the Corporate Governance Code. Planning and Scenarios Committee Internal committee to the Board of Directors set up in accordance with Article 12.2 of the company By-Laws. Board or Board of Directors The Board of Directors of the Issuer. Sustainability Committee Internal committee to the Board of Directors set up in accordance with Article 6 of the Corporate Governance Code. Consob The National Commission for Companies and the Stock Exchange  with registered officeGroup company XX and subsequentThe National Commission for Companies and the Stockin Rome  Via G.B. Martini No. 3. Effective Merger Date April 10  2017. Listing Date The trading commencement date of ordinary shares and warrants of Space2 on the MIV professional segment  i.e. July 31  2015. NFS The 2023 Consolidated Non-Financial Statement  as required by Legislative Decree No. 254/2016  by the Issuer for the purpose of reporting on the Group's performance for the year ended December 31  2023. Issuer  Avio or Company Avio S.p.A.  with registered office at via Leonida Bissolati No. 76  Rome  enrolled at the Rome Companies Registration No. 27 and Tax No. 09105940960. ESA European Space Agency. Year The fiscal year 2023. EXM (STAR segment) The Euronext Milan market  STAR segment  in which the shares of mid-cap companies are traded which fulfil particular disclosure and corporate governance requirements. STAR stands for Segmento Titoli con Alti Requisiti (Securities with High Requirements Segment). DPCM 24/11/2016 Prime Ministerial Decree of November 24  2016 on the exercise of special powers for the defence and national security system with respect to the significant transaction regarding the merger between Space2 and Avio  approved by Space2's Shareholders' Meeting on December 1  2016. Merger The merger by incorporation of the Incorporated Company into Space2  approved by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Space2 and that of the Incorporated Company on December 1  2016  and completed on the Effective Merger Date. Avio Group or Group Collectively  Avio S.p.A. and its subsidiaries pursuant to Article 2359 of the Civil Code and Article 93 of the Consolidated Finance Act and IFRS 10 - Consolidated Financial Statements. In Orbit The Company In Orbit S.p.A.  with registered office at via Latina SP 600 Ariana Km 5.2 SNC  Colleferro (Rome)  Rome Companies Registration Office No. 14029441004. Stock Exchange Instruction Regulation The Instructions to the Regulation for Markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana  in force at the reporting date. Leonardo Leonardo S.p.A.  a joint-stock company governed by Italian law  with registered office at Piazza Monte Grappa No. 4  Rome. Golden Power Regulation Refers to Decree-Law No. 21 of March 15  2012  converted The Instructions to the Regulation for Markets organised andor Decree-Law 21/2012 with Italian Law No. 56 of May 11  2012 setting forth ""Provisions on special powers concerning the ownership structure of companies in the defence and national security sectors  as well as strategic activities in the energy  transport and communications sector"" and relative implementing provisions. Transaction The significant transaction approved by Avio S.p.A.'s Shareholders' Meeting on December 1  2016  principally the Merger. SMEs Small and medium-sized issuers of listed shares pursuant to Article 1  paragraph 1  letter w-quater)  of the CFA. Shareholder Engagement Policy The Policy approved - upon proposal of the Chairperson in agreement with the Chief Executive Officer  as well as subject to the favourable opinion of the Control and Risks Committee - by the Issuer's Board of Directors on March 3  2022  also taking into account the commitment policies adopted and notified to the public by institutional investors and active managers and in line with Recommendation No. 3 of the CG Code. Policy on qualitative and quantitative criteria The Policy on qualitative and quantitative criteria for assessing the independence requirements of Directors and Statutory Auditors  adopted by the Issuer on March 14  2022  pursuant to Recommendation 7  first sentence  points c) and d) of Article 2 of the CG Code. RPT Policy The Related Party Transactions Policy adopted by the Issuer in compliance with the provisions of Article 2391-bis of the Civil Code and the Related Parties Regulation. Stock Exchange Regulation The Regulation of Markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana  approved by the Borsa Italiana Board of Directors  in force at the reporting date. Issuers' Regulation The enacting regulation of the CFA concerning the governance of issuers  adopted by Consob with motion No. 11971 of May 14  1999 and subsequent amendments and supplements. MAR Regulation Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of April 16  2014 on market abuse which nullifies Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and Council and Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC of the Commission. Consob Market Regulation The Market Regulation issued by Consob Resolution No. 20249 of December 28  2017. RPT Regulation The regulation incorporates the related party transactions provisions adopted by Consob Resolution No. 17221 of March 12  2010 (as subsequently amended The regulation incorporates the related party transactionsand supplemented). Report This Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure Report  prepared in accordance with Article 123-bis of the CFA. Remuneration Report The Remuneration Policy and Report that companies are required to prepare and publish in accordance with Article 123- ter of the CFA and Article 84-quater of the Consob Issuers' Regulation. Subsidiary Companies The companies directly or indirectly controlled by the Company pursuant to Article 93 of the CFA. ""Control"" and ""to control"" have the corresponding meanings. Independent audit firm The independent audit firm listed in the special register of independent audit firm managed by the Ministry for the Economy and Finance  pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of January 27 2010  tasked with the independent audit of the Issuers' accounts. Incorporated Company Avio S.p.A.  with registered office at via No. Leonida Bissolati No. 76  Rome  operating office at SP Ariana Km 5.2  Colleferro (RM)  Tax  VAT and Rome Companies Office Registration No. 05515080967  REA No. 1177979. Space2 Space2 S.p.A.  with registered office in Milan  Via Mauro Macchi  No. 27  Milan Companies Registration Office and Tax No. 09105940960. Space Holding S.r.l. Space Holding S.r.l.  with registered office at Piazza Cavour No. 1  Milan  the Company establishing Space2 as sole shareholder on May 28  2015  promoting its listing on the MIV. By-Laws The By-Laws of the Company in force at the reporting date. CFA The ""Consolidated Finance Act""  adopted under Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24  1998  as subsequently amended and supplemented.INTRODUCTIONThis Report  approved by the Board of Directors on March 13  2024  provides a comprehensive overview on the Issuer's Corporate Governance at March 13  2024  pursuant to Article 123-bis of the CFA and in light of the Code's provisions  as well as the ""Format for the CorporateGovernance and Ownership Structure Report"" document (IX Edition  January 2022) prepared by Borsa Italiana.On April 10  2017  the Merger became effective - i.e. the merger by incorporation of the Incorporated Company into Space2 (now Avio S.p.A.)  as a result of which Space2 (now Avio S.p.A.)  assumed all rights and obligations of the Incorporated Company and was renamed ""Avio S.p.A."". The definitions ""Company""  ""Avio"" and ""Issuer"" refer in this Report to the Company resulting from the Merger.On March 29  2017  Borsa Italiana approved  effective as of April 10  2017  the listing of ordinaryAvio shares on the EXM market  STAR Segment (formerly ""Mercato Telematico Azionario"") with the simultaneous discontinuation of trading on the MIV market.* * *1.ISSUER PROFILEThe Avio Group is the leader in the manufacturing and development of solid and liquid propulsion systems for launchers  acting as sub-contractor and prime contractor for the Ariane and Vega space programmes  both funded by the ESA. These space programs seek to develop and manufacture launchers to position useful loads in geostationary and low orbit  respectively.Avio intends to contribute to precise ESG - Environmental  Social and Governance - objectives through a progressive improvement of its performance  correlated to business objectives and in line with the SDGs.In this regard  during the Board meeting of July 22  2021  Avio approved the Sustainability Policy  initiating a concrete path to strengthen and implement the values of ethics  integrity and responsibility in respect of people  the environment and society as a whole  and in order to integrate sustainability in the strategy and management of its business  defining with the different Company departments  the Sustainability Committee and the Board of Directors  the objectives to be enhanced in a Sustainability Plan aligned to the Strategic Plan and the Audit Plan. Based on the aforementioned Sustainability Policy  the Sustainability Plan was prepared  founded upon qualitative and quantitative ESG indicators to be developed over a five-year timeframe  subject to monitoring by the relevant corporate owners  who report at least semi-annually to the Sustainability Committee.Moreover  it is committed to managing dialogue with all its shareholders through fair  transparent and differentiated forms of engagement  believing that establishing and maintaining a constant and ongoing relationship with all the main stakeholders is in its own specific interest  as well as a duty towards the market.In this sense  on March 3  2022  Avio's Board of Directors approved an ad hoc policy in order to conform the rules of corporate governance and the management of the dialogue with the Shareholders to the principles established by the Corporate Governance Code. In fact  the Policy intends to pursue the objective of raising the level of transparency and involvement of investors  as promoted by the Shareholder Rights Directive II with reference to institutional investors and asset managers  as a functional instrument to guarantee the sustainable success of Avio  which is substantiated by the creation of long-term value to the benefit of Shareholders  taking into account the interests of all other stakeholders and the impacts that its operations may have at an environmental  social and economic level.Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 254/2016  the Company published the 2023 Non-Financial Statement included in the Directors' Report of Avio's Annual Financial Report (available atwww.avio.com).Pursuant to the provisions of Article 1  paragraph 1  letter w-quater.1) of the CFA and Article 2-ter of the Issuers' Regulation  the Company was an SMEfrom the year 2015 to-date. The existence of the requisites to qualify as an SME  as required by the CFA  are confirmed on the basis of:- the unweighted average of the daily capitalisations calculated with reference to the official price  and recorded during the financial year; and-the turnover in the same year's consolidated financial statements calculated in compliance with the criteria envisaged in the Annex  paragraph 1.1  of the Regulation onSanctions Procedures adopted by Consob with Resolution No. 18750 of December 19  2013 and subsequent amendments.We note that:- the value of the Company's average capitalisation in 2023 was approx. Euro 230 000 thousand.- the turnover in 2023 was Euro 339 813 thousand. The components that contributed to the value of turnover were (i) revenues from the sale of goods and services Euro 31 503 thousand; (ii) the change in contract work-in-progress Euro 308 310 thousand.Pursuant to Article 2-ter  paragraph 4 of the Issuers' Regulation  these data will be published on the website of Consob which will also publish the list of SME issuers of listed shares.It should also be noted that the Company does not fall within the Corporate Governance Code's definitions of ""large company"" and ""concentrated ownership company.""Avio's corporate governance system is structured according to a traditional management and control model and consists of the following bodies:− the Shareholders' Meeting;− Board of Directors  and− Board of Statutory Auditors.Avio's Governance also consists of the following internal committees of Avio's Board of Directors: (i) the Control and Risks Committee; (ii) the Sustainability Committee; (iii) the Appointments and Remuneration Committee; and (iv) the Planning and Scenarios Committee.Accounting control is required  as per the applicable regulations  by an independent audit firm enrolled in Consob's special register. In accordance with Legislative Decree No. 231/2001  a Supervisory Board was also appointed to oversee the correct functioning of the Organisation  Management and Control Model of the Company  pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 and subsequent amendments.Avio implements and complies with the Corporate Governance Code  approved by the Corporate Governance Committee of Borsa Italiana in January 2020  with the supplements and adjustments for Groups with the features indicated in this report (available on Borsa Italiana's website:http://www.borsaitaliana.it).10",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['ownership structure report', 'Avio S', 'Corporate Governance', 'March', '05:06', 'Avio S.p.A. website', 'employee share ownership system', ""CONSOB ISSUERS' REGULATION"", 'Significant share holdings', 'Voting rights mechanism', 'Public Purchase Offers', 'Share capital increases', 'Report approval date', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Special control rights', 'Share capital structure', 'Voting rights restrictions', 'Other Executive Directors', 'STRUCTURE REPORT', 'OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE', 'other companies', '4.5 Executive bodies', 'Executive Committee', 'control model', 'control clause', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE', 'traditional administration', '2.7 Shareholder agreements', 'statutory provisions', 'ordination activities', 'Civil Code', 'Diversity policies', 'Maximum number', 'Induction Programme', '4.8 Lead Independ', 'treasury shares', 'ISSUER PROFILE', '4.7 Independent Directors', 'Article 123-bis', 'FY', 'ACCORDANCE', 'CFA', 'March', 'Contents', 'GLOSSARY', 'INTRODUCTION', 'INFORMATION', 'paragraph', 'letter', 'transfer', 'Change', '2.9 Power', 'authorization', 'Management', 'COMPLIANCE', 'BOARD', 'Appointment', 'replacement', 'Composition', 'Members', 'offices', '4.3 Role', '4.4 Self-assessment', 'Chairperson', 'Reporting', '1.', '2.3', '2.8', '2.10', '4.2', '4.6']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38530,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LATECOERE-5010/news/Market-Update-Latecoere-Delivers-Strong-Growth-in-2023-Despite-Challenging-Supply-Chain-Inflation-46321078/,Market Update: Latecoere Delivers Strong Growth in 2023 Despite Challenging Supply Chain & Inflationary Pressures -March 29  2024 at 03:21 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Financial highlights herein are unaudited and are potentially subject to change following the final approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors. Release of full annual results will be communicated in due course once a …,Financial highlights herein are unaudited and are potentially subject to change following the final approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors. Release of full annual results will be communicated in due course once a definitive view on potential non-cash intangible assets impairment has been determined and the financial statements have been approved by the Board of Directors. Strong 2023 revenue growth of +32% to €615 million as the business continues to ramp-up production to support customer demand Recurring EBITDA loss of (€31.5) million  reflecting continuing inflationary pressures and a challenging global supply chain Good performance from all businesses acquired over the past 24 months with integration efforts progressing well Successful reconfiguration of the capital structure with €124 million rights issue and €183 million debt cancellationRegulatory News:Latecoere (Paris:LAT) (“the Group”)  a leading tier one partner to major international aircraft manufacturers publishes its financial highlights for the twelve-month period ended December 31  2023; noting that the full release of annual results and the Group’s financial statements are postponed pending a definitive view on potential non-cash intangible assets impairment and the financial statements being approved by the Board of Directors.The business continued on its solid growth trajectory from 2022 as the industry ramps up production after the COVID crisis. The business has focused on maximizing operational output for customers despite operating in a difficult environment  a fragile supply chain with many suppliers  especially in the aerostructures segment  struggling to ramp up and significant inflation especially in wages  raw materials and energy.Greg Huttner  Group Chief Executive Officer  stated: “2023 continued to be a challenging year for Latecoere and for the aerospace supply chain in general. However  we continued to strengthen our operations by (i) keeping our teams heavily focused on quality and on-time delivery (OTD)  resolving supply challenges and (ii) progressing with our previously announced industrial transfers and related restructurings.As part of our overall strategy  we are specifically focused on:investing in our people and organization structure including several key appointments bringing greater operational expertise to the team; improving operational performance; strengthening our operating platform through transformative investments to optimize our cost structure; effectively integrating and growing the strategic investments in assets made in 2021 and 2022; and concluding ongoing OEM price and inflation pass through negotiations.By focusing on navigating the current supply chain headwinds  and driving our operational transformation  we expect to continue to strengthen our business as we fully benefit from the ongoing recovery within the aerospace and defense industry. This execution of our strategy has contributed towards recent commercial contract wins within both our Aerostructures and Interconnection Systems businesses in North America and Europe  with both existing and new clients.”2023 Financial Highlights1Group(€ million) 2022 2022 restated4 H1 restated4 H2 2023 Revenue 468 3 466 8 303 8 311 1 614 9 Reported growth 39 4% 39 4% 42 9% 19 7% 31 3% Organic growth2 16 5% 17 0% 15 2% 16 2% 15 7% Recurring EBITDA3 (8 5) (5 7) (17 6) (13 9) (31 5) Recurring EBITDA margin on revenue -1 8% -1 2% -5 8% -4 5% -5 1% Operating free cash flows from continuing operations (173 2) (173 2) (59 1) (59 1) (118 2) Net Cash Flow (203 7) (203 7) (28 1) 39 3 11 2 Cash and cash equivalents 73 9 73 9 45 8 85 1 85 1 Net Debt5 297 1 297 1 370 3 125 2 125 2 1 The 2023 Financial highlights are derived from consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRS as of 31 December 2023. These financial highlights are unaudited and are potentially subject to change following the final approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors. 2 Growth at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation: Organic growth is obtained by neutralizing the effect of the EUR/USD exchange rate (use of a constant exchange rate for the periods concerned) and by applying a constant scope of consolidation (neutralization of the impact of acquisitions/disposals). 3 Recurring EBITDA corresponds to recurring operating income before depreciation  amortization and impairment of current tangible and intangible assets. Directors of the Group acknowledge that Recurring EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure but consider that this measure gives a meaningful representation of the Group’s operating results from continuing operations as it is used both internally and in the Aerospace sector more broadly. 4 Restated data: the 2022 and H1 2023 Financial highlights have been restated to reflect purchase accounting adjustments under IFRS 3  recognized retrospectively in the opening balance sheets of the acquired entities prepared at the acquisition date. 5 Net Debt is presented excluding consideration of the Better Fortune clause (Retour à Meilleure Fortune) mechanism.Full Year 2023 Financial Highlights CommentaryGroup revenue reached €615 million for 2023  compared with €467 million in 2022  an increase of €148 million or +32% increase.2023 organic revenue growth  at constant exchange rates and perimeter scope  amounted to a €66 million increase or +16%  as a result of higher production rates  most notably from the B787 program recovery in Aerostructures and A350 and ATR programs in Interconnection Systems.The Group also benefited over the period from the contribution of acquired activities made in 2022  with a full year revenue benefit of these acquisitions realized in 2023. This perimeter effect amounted to +€88 million when comparing 2023 revenues to those reported in 2022.In addition  Group revenue benefited from favorable currency effect of €19 million for the FY2023  as compared to a favorable currency effect of €25.5 million in 2022.The Group reported a recurring EBITDA of (€31.5) million for 2023  a deterioration of (€25.8) million vs 2022 Restated. This deterioration was mainly due to (i) significant cost over-runs arising from supply chain constraints  resulting in higher conversion and freight costs  and (ii) inflationary pressures in 2023  resulting from further increases in material and labour costs  not fully recovered from customers.Net Cash flow for the period amounted to €11.2 million  reflecting the successful rights issue of €124.4 million offsetting Operating free cash-flow losses from continuing operations of €118.2 million; plus cash flow from discontinued operations of €7.6 million.Operating free cash flow from continuing operations amounting to cash flow losses of €118.2 million reflects the recurring EBITDA losses of €31.5 million plus (i) non-recurring costs of €35.7 million related to the ongoing transfers of work and related restructuring  (ii) further investments of €19.5 million into capital expenditures  particularly in North America and (iii) €30.3 million investment into net working capital supporting the increase in the OEM demand requirements.At the end of December 2023  cash and cash equivalent stood at €85.1 million  improving by €11.2 million from December 31  2022. The net debt at the end of December 2023 stood at €125.2 million1 following debt cancellation of €183 million.Aerostructures Divisional Commentary2023 revenues for Latecoere's Aerostructures Division rose by +45% to €375 million compared with €258 million in 2022. At constant exchange rates and perimeter scope  2023 revenues rose by €41 million (17%). The segment's activity benefited from OEM production rate recovery  notably on the B787 program. Full-year contribution of the acquisitions made in 2022 to 2023 revenues is €94 million compared to €15.8 million in 2022 (the post-acquisition period from November 7  2022).The division's recurring EBITDA amounted to (€30.3) million  a deterioration of €30 million compared with 2022  due primarily to significant inflation  multiple supply chain challenges and related cost over runs adversely impacting performance. This was compounded by protracted customer negotiations on inflation pass through  particularly impacting H2 2023.The division’s operating free cash-flows amounted to (€103.2) million  impacted by the deterioration of recurring EBITDA; the incurrence of non-recurring costs for €21.3 million related to work package transfers and related restructuring  capital expenditures of €16.1 million and €24 investment in working capital to support the increase in OEM demand requirements.Aerostructures(€ million) 2022 2022 restated** H1 restated** H2 2023 Consolidated revenue* 259 1 257 6 190 2 184 7 374 9 Reported growth 47 6% 46 8% 65 5% 23 9% 44 7% Organic growth 26 3% 27 3% 22 3% 11 4% 16 9% Inter-segment revenue 21 5 21 5 11 2 44 5 55 7 Revenue 280 6 279 1 201 4 229 2 430 5 Recurring EBITDA* (2 5) (0 3) (11 0) (19 3) (30 3) Recurring EBITDA margin on revenue -0 9% -0 1% -5 5% -8 4% -7 0% Operating free cash flows from continuing operations* (22 0) (22 0) (50 6) (52 6) (103 2) * The 2023 Financial highlights are derived from consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRS as of 31 December 2023. These financial highlights are unaudited and are potentially subject to change following the final approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors. ** Restated data: the 2022 and H1 2023 Financial highlights have been restated to reflect purchase accounting adjustments under IFRS 3  recognized retrospectively in the opening balance sheets of the acquired entities prepared at the acquisition date.Interconnection Systems Divisional Commentary2023 revenues for Latecoere’s Interconnection Systems Division rose +14.7% to €240 million compared with €209 million in 2022. At constant exchange rates and perimeter scope  2023 revenues rose by €25.3 million (+14.2%). This growth was achieved through the increase in deliveries from the A350 and ATR programs offsetting A320 production downgrades in first half of 2023. 2023 full-year effect of the acquisitions made in 2022 is €10.2 million.The division’s recurring EBITDA amounted to (€1.2) million  an improvement of +€4.8 million compared with 2022  benefiting from the improving production rates for the A350 and ATR programs  pro-active management of fixed costs and full-year contribution of acquisitions made in 2022; with an improving performance in H2 2023.The division’s Operating free cash-flows from continuing operations amounted to (€14.9) million  improving by +€8.7 million compared to 2022. This improvement reflects stronger EBITDA  better working capital management and lower non recurring costs.Interconnection Systems(€ million) 2022 2022 restated** H1 restated** H2 2023 Consolidated revenue* 209 2 209 2 113 6 126 4 240 0 Reported growth 30 3% 30 3% 16 3% 13 2% 14 7% Organic growth 7 1% 7 1% 6 5% 21 8% 14 2% Inter-segment revenue 1 6 1 6 1 3 57 0 58 3 Revenue 210 8 210 8 114 9 183 4 298 3 Recurring EBITDA* (6 0) (6 0) (6 6) 5 4 (1 2) Recurring EBITDA margin on revenue -2 8% -2 8% -5 7% 2 9% -0 4% Operating free cash flows from continuing operations* (23 6) (23 6) (8 6) (6 4) (14 9) * The 2023 Financial highlights are derived from consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRS as of 31 December 2023. These financial highlights are unaudited and are potentially subject to change following the final approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors. ** Restated data: the 2022 and H1 2023 Financial highlights have been restated to reflect purchase accounting adjustments under IFRS 3  recognized retrospectively in the opening balance sheets of the acquired entities prepared at the acquisition date. The interconnection Systems division is not impacted by retrospective IFRS 3 restatements in FY2022.Full Year 2024 Outlook2023 continued to be challenging period for the aerospace supply chain industry in general and for Latecoere in particular. Management expects these challenges to continue into 2024  with persistent inflationary pressures  challenges arising from operating within a constrained aerospace supply chain. In addition  the OEM price and inflation pass through negotiations referred to above are progressing but are more protracted and more time consuming than anticipated. The Group is targeting to make material progress in H1 2024. Therefore Latecoere will not be providing guidance at this time until there is further clarity on the timing and magnitude of the negotiations.Non-cash intangible assets impairmentFull annual impairment test for goodwill and other intangibles is performed at year end  in compliance with IAS 36. Fair values are determined based on a multicriteria approach  including Discounted Cash-Flows (“DCF”)  consistent with the methodology applied previously.The Group’s Management and its auditors are currently evaluating the Group’s long term financial forecasts to fully conclude on the Group’s non-cash intangible assets impairment results. Such long term financial forecasts are ultimately dependent on a number of variables including the outcome of the ongoing negotiations referred to above.Basis of presentationIn order to determine an appropriate basis for preparing the financial statements and the presented financial highlights for the year ended 31 December 2023  the Board of Directors has assessed the going concern assumption by evaluating the 2024 budget and various alternative financial forecast scenarios over a horizon of at least one year  and analyzing in particular the Group's commercial activity in the context of ongoing customer negotiations  the Group's business activity in the context of increasing OEM volume demands and taking into account the current state of the aerospace supply chain.The 2024 budget as prepared by management and approved by the Board of Directors assumes an increase in OEM aircraft build rate and therefore increasing demand for the Group’s output  continuing cost inflation throughout the supply chain  and certain levels of price increases and inflation pass-through to customers. The 2024 budget makes it possible to ensure a level of liquidity that is considered sufficient over a horizon of at least one year.Post-closing eventsLatecoere announced on 4 February 2024 that it had suffered a fire in its Hermosillo plant in Mexico  specially relating to a building housing its surface treatment facility. The fire was extinguished by the local fire brigade with no people injured. Damage was limited to the surface treatment and painting building. The machining and sheet metal production buildings were unaffected. A task force has been set up to address the resulting impact of this fire incident.Given the ongoing negotiations with OEM customers and the operational recovery at the Hermosillo plant (including the processing of property damage and business interruption insurance claims)  the Board of Directors has decided to postpone the date of its shareholders meeting – initially scheduled on 13 May 2024 – to 28 June 2024 and will meet in the course of April to approve the Group’s financial statements and give a full earnings release.About LatecoereTier 1 to the world’s leading OEMs (Airbus  BAE Systems  Boeing  Bombardier  Dassault Aviation  Embraer  Honda Aircraft Company  Lockheed Martin  RTX  Thales)  Latecoere serves aerospace with innovative solutions for a sustainable world. The Group operates in all segments of the aerospace industry (commercial  regional  business  defense and space) in two business areas:Aerostructures (55% of sales): doors  fuselage  wings and empennage  struts & rods and customer servicesInterconnection Systems (45% of sales): wiring  avionic racks  onboard equipment  electronic systems and customer services.As of December 31  2023  the Group employed 5 497 people in 14 countries. Latecoere is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment B  ISIN Code: FR001400JY13 - Reuters: AEP.PA - Bloomberg: AT.FP________________________1 Excluding consideration of the Better Fortune clause (Retour à Meilleure Fortune) mechanismView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240329764333/en/,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,mixed,0.17,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['Challenging Supply Chain', 'Market Update', 'Strong Growth', 'Inflationary Pressures', 'Latecoere', 'March', '2023', '03:21', 'potential non-cash intangible assets impairment', 'leading tier one partner', 'major international aircraft manufacturers', 'recent commercial contract wins', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'challenging global supply chain', 'current supply chain headwinds', 'Operating free cash flows', 'fragile supply chain', '€124 million rights issue', 'several key appointments', 'EUR/USD exchange rate', 'purchase accounting adjustments', 'opening balance sheets', 'aerospace supply chain', 'constant exchange rates', '€183 million debt cancellation', 'ongoing OEM price', 'Better Fortune clause', 'continuing inflationary pressures', 'greater operational expertise', 'recurring operating income', 'Recurring EBITDA loss', 'solid growth trajectory', 'Interconnection Systems businesses', 'Recurring EBITDA margin', 'Net Cash Flow', 'consolidated financial statements', 'full annual results', '2023 Financial Highlights1 Group', 'Strong 2023 revenue growth', 'H1 2023 Financial highlights', 'supply challenges', 'operating results', 'challenging year', '3 Recurring EBITDA', 'current tangible', '5 Net Debt', 'operating platform', 'ongoing recovery', 'Recurring EBITDA3', 'cash equivalents', 'Meilleure Fortune', 'Net Debt5', 'operational output', 'operational performance', 'operational transformation', 'constant scope', 'final approval', 'due course', 'definitive view', 'customer demand', 'Good performance', 'past 24 months', 'integration efforts', 'Successful reconfiguration', 'capital structure', 'Regulatory News', 'twelve-month period', 'full release', 'COVID crisis', 'difficult environment', 'many suppliers', 'raw materials', 'Greg Huttner', 'time delivery', 'industrial transfers', 'related restructurings', 'organization structure', 'transformative investments', 'cost structure', 'strategic investments', 'North America', 'new clients', 'Organic growth2', 'continuing operations', 'meaningful representation', 'Aerospace sector', 'acquisition date', 'up production', 'aerostructures segment', 'significant inflation', 'overall strategy', 'defense industry', 'GAAP measure', '2 Growth', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Latecoere', 'Paris', 'customers', 'wages', 'energy', 'general', 'teams', 'quality', 'OTD', 'people', 'negotiations', 'execution', 'Europe', 'existing', 'IFRS', '31 December', 'consolidation', 'effect', 'periods', 'neutralization', 'impact', 'acquisitions/disposals', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'data', 'entities', 'consideration', 'Retour', '2021']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38531,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SECO-S-P-A-122374812/news/Seco-S-p-A-Non-Financial-Declaration-2023-46320318/,Seco S p A : Non-Financial Declaration 2023 -March 29  2024 at 11:24 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)    Consolidated    Non-Financial Declaration 2023    Consolidated    Non-Financial Declaration 2023   This NFD has been drafted with the technical-methodological assistance by Message S.p.A.   ...https://www.marketscr…,"ConsolidatedNon-Financial Declaration 2023ConsolidatedNon-Financial Declaration 2023This NFD has been drafted with the technical-methodological assistance by Message S.p.A.INDICEHow to interpret this documentLetter to the Stakeholders7 103| Giving Our All 671| About SECO133.1| People 70 3.2| Customers873.3| Suppliers972| Sustainability is Strategy1.1| Context 1.2| From new beginnings to change 1.3| Business sectors 4| Protecting the Environment 109 22 1.4| Our business model 28 1.5| Group Governance 4.1| Environmental management 111 31 1.6| Research  development and innovation 4.2| Efficient use of natural resources 113 39 1.7| Value sharing 4.3| Electricity consumption and emissions 116 45 49 15 183.4| The local community1044.4| Circular economy and waste management1195| Annex 125 2.1| Sustainability context50 5.1| Methodological note 125 2.2| Group Stakeholders2.3| Materiality analysis and risk assessment2.4| Our sustainability pillars56 58 635.2| Technical Details130 5.3| GRI Content Index146How to interpret this documentIn line with last year  the SECO Group (hereinafter also the ""Group"" or ""SECO"") has prepared and adopted a Consolidated Non-Financial Statement (hereinafter also the ""NFS""). The Group is governed by Legislative Decree No. 254/2016  which implements Directive 2014/95/EU of the European Parliament and Council on the disclosure of non-financial and diversity information by large undertakings defined as ""public-interest entities"".In accordance with the specific requirements of Articles 4 and 5 of Legislative Decree No. 254/2016  this NFS discusses the SECO Group's performance during the three-year period from 2021 to 2023  in relation to topics concerning the environment  society  personnel  human rights  and combatting active and passive corruption. Specifically  this document analyzes the management policies implemented by the Group in reference to these topics  in addition to the results achieved  current and future risks  and the management approach adopted. It also discusses the key non-financial performance indicators that are most relevant to the Group's business activities.This document has been prepared in accordance with the reporting principles of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)1 to ensure that the information provided is high in quality  and that stakeholders can reasonably assess the Group's performance. As such  data is reported in an accurate  balanced  clear  comparable  complete and timely manner and to reliably report the organization's sustainable ethos and reliability of the information.More methodological information is available in the ""Methodological Note"" section of this document.This NFS therefore opens with this guide  followed by a Letter to the Stakeholders.1| The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is a non-profit organization established to help companies and entities of all sizes around the world report on their sustainability performance and measure the environmental  social  and economic impact of their business activities. The GRI Standards - which are both universal and specific in nature  i.e.  relevant to the various dimensions of sustainability - are voluntary and are recognized globally as the gold standard for non-financial reporting.The main body of the document is subsequently organized into four chapters. Each chapter has a cover page that summarizes the Group's key achievements in that area  the material topics covered2  the relevant GRI Standards3 and their connection to the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development Goals4  and finally  the risks and opportunities associated with the material topics covered in each chapter. Each chapter contains text boxes that provide further information on certain topics.2| More information is provided in the ""Sustainability is strategy"" section of this document.3| More information is available in the ""Methodological Note"" section of this document.4| The 2030 Agenda was adopted by the 193 Member States of the United Nations at the Sustainable Development Summit in September 2015. It includes a list of 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) divided into 169 targets  and an action plan for people  the planet  and prosperity. More information is provided in the ""Sustainability is strategy"" section of this document.In the first chapter  ""The SECO Group""  we discuss macro trends in the Group's sector of operation  the key stages of its development  including in relation to product innovation  and the sectors and markets in which it is active. We then make reference to the Group's structure  dedicating several pages to our governance model  commitment to research  development  and product innovation  and the economic value we have generated and shared with key stakeholders.The second chapter  ""Sustainability is Strategy""  describes the process that led us to prepare this document and the main actions we have taken to identify material topics for the Group. This chapter also presents SECO's sustainability strategy  its compliance with the European Taxonomy  and its contribution to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.The third chapter ""Giving Our All"" focuses on management and social impacts  paying particular attention to the employees of our Group  customers  suppliers  and the local community.In the fourth chapter ""Protecting the Environment""  we report on how we are handling the environmental impact of our business in terms of energy resources  water  waste  and atmospheric emissions.Lastly  the ""Annex"" at the end of this document contains a ""Methodological Note""  in which the report's technical details are explored in further detail  as well as a ""Technical Details"" section containing quantitative data tables  and  finally  an Independent Auditors' Report.All corporate entities coordinated by the Finance and Investor Relations departments helped write this document  demonstrating their utmost dedication and responsibility in doing so.We hope you enjoy the report.8|Letter to the StakeholdersDear Stakeholders Although over the preceding two years the raw materials and electronic components shortage drove companies to boost inventories in view of significantly longer lead times  2023 saw supply chain conditions gradually improve. Within a general economic environment featuring inflation and tight monetary policy  the normalizing of delivery times has resulted in a destocking by customers. In many sectors  this had already been completed by early 2024.Over recent years  we have worked hard to strengthen SECO's competitive advantage by investing heavily in R&D and by acquiring strategic technologies to cover the entire value chain  from Edge computing to IoT-data analytics  to AI. This has led to a unique technological positioning  enabling us to deliver a best-in-class performance  even within a complex marketplace. In 2023  we reached Euro 210 million in sales  delivering organic growth of +4%. The continued expansion of the software business  with over Euro 22 million just over two years from its launch  has also contributed to our improved margins  with Adjusted EBITDA of approx. Euro 51 million (24.1% of revenues).With the goal of transferring more added value to customers  our strategy has evolved over time  shifting toward increasingly comprehensive hardware solutions and developing a range of cutting-edge software for IoT-data analytics-AI. A consistent focus on innovation  an ever-improving range  supply chain control and in-house production are the key factors that allow us - year after year - to ensure our position as a partner of choice for our customers.Digitalization has created a huge space to explore and is behind changing demands among businesses. Edge computing is not just about making hardware that can run software on a device  but rather making it smart and interconnected  to make products available to end users with a human-machine interface that simplifies interaction and improves the user experience. The use of dedicated IoT software platforms makes it possible to benefit from real-time data analysis to design new AI-powered features and services and establish new recurring-revenue business models.To address these needs  we are building a product line based on AI accelerators  to increase computing power directly on the device  and working on generative AI and Large Language Model techniques - all with a view to enabling instantaneous and offline data analysis  but also to facilitate smoother interaction with the machine. A wide range of hardware solutions  touch displays and software services position SECO perfectly to design integrated plug-and-play systems with reduced time-to-market.2023 saw us strengthen our long-term collaborations with a number of the leading silicon vendors  including Intel and NXP  and initiate relationships with new partners  such as Axelera on the computer vision front and Mediatek; in addition  we were selected by Qualcomm as an IIoT design center partner and for participation in the IoT Accelerator Program. We have established a relationship with GoogleCloud  enabling us to integrate Clea  our IoT software suite  into the Google Cloud Marketplace  ensuring that it is readily available and expanding its distribution channels.We also always look to the future when it comes to the quality and efficiency of our industrial processes. We have therefore continued to invest in the latest equipment and software  while the use of SAP has been extended to companies in Germany. The adoption of a single information system further accelerates the integration of the acquired entities  which is already proceeding apace  facilitating the generation of major synergies and the maximization of the assets' potential. In just two years since the acquisition  revenues in the DACH area have almost doubled. In parallel  we have also started work on the construction of two new plants in Arezzo that will see us double our production capacity during 2026.Acting responsibly is an integral part of the corporate culture  shared and promoted by our people. For us  sustainability means not only efficiently employing natural resources in all our activities  but more importantly using our technology - and in particular Artificial Intelligence - to promote business models with lower environmental impact  fostering automation  optimizing consumption and reducing waste by accurately and instantaneously monitoring the operation of on-field devices.The eco-digital revolution is just beginning and major growth opportunities await us given the strong demand for digital products and solutions  in which the role of AI will be fundamental  enabling the local execution of increasingly complex computational models. Edge AI will allow our customers to launch new value-added services by fully exploiting the potential of field data: this is the environment that we envision and which guides our strategic decisions.We look to the future with great enthusiasm  in the confidence that SECO has built a unique technology proposition on the market  capable of best tapping into the needs of companies in key areas such as EdgeAI  IoT  data analytics and artificial intelligence. We believe this will result in significant value creation for customers  shareholders and all stakeholders.Daniele Conti ChairpersonMassimo MauriCEO10|1| The SECO GroupMore than 40 yearsin the businessPresent in more than 11 countrieswith 10 R&D centers and 5 production plantsOver 450international customers32%of employees dedicated to R&D activities7% of revenuesinvested in R&D activitiesEuro 216 millionof economic value generated  of which 93% distributed to stakeholdersMATERIAL TOPICS• Data privacy and cybersecurity• Business ethics and development of AIRELATED RISKS• Risk of potential cyber threats and individual exposure to hacking or personal data leaks related to an increased use of connected devices and inadequate customer security management.• Risk of technology misuse and unethical development of artificial intelligence  leading to discrimination and bias against individuals or groups.• Unethical  unreliable and unfair use of AI  leading to violations of end customer privacy and other individual rights.OPPORTUNITIES• Creation of a sensitive data management model in line with the highest international standards on Data Privacy & Security to protect customers and become a model for best practice in the market  making a positive impact on other companies in the sector.• Dissemination of technology and digitalization knowledge and skills to create positive synergies with the target area and foster virtuous growth within it.• Reducing cybersecurity risks and data privacy breaches through employee training programs and use of state-of-the-art Data Protection systems.• Reduced corruption (both active and passive) thanks to practical measures in line with current rules and regulations  creating increased transparency and accountability for SECO in relation to area governance.• Raising employee awareness of proper behavior and developing an ethical corporate culture based on the values of legality  fairness and honesty  leading to greater commitments and actions to benefit the local community (such as charitable donations or volunteer initiatives).• Active countering of international violations committed by traffickers of ""Conflict Minerals"" through the use of methods to control and verify the origin of materials used by the organization and pertaining to the category of ""Conflict minerals"".MATERIAL TOPICSResearch  innovation and development OPPORTUNITIESMore scientific research into sustainability topics and sustainable product design - contributing to the development of the local communities and business sector in which SECO operates.GRIGRI 2-1  2-6  2-9  2-10  2-11  2-12  2-13  2-27  201-1  205-2  205-3  207-1  207-2  207-3  207-4SDGSDG #5 - Ensure women's full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-making in political  economic and public life. (Target 5.5)SDG #8 - Achieve higher levels of economic productivity through diversification  technological upgrading and innovation  including through a focus on high value added and labor-intensive sectors.(Target 8.2)SDG #9 - Enhance scientific research  upgrade the technological capabilities of industrial sectors in all countries  in particular developing countries  including  by 2030  encouraging innovation and substantially increasing the number of research and development workers per 1 million people and public and private research and development spending.(Target 9.5)SDG #16 - Substantially reduce corruption and bribery in all their forms (Target 16.5)Develop effective  accountable and transparent institutions at all levels (Target 16.6) Ensure responsive  inclusive  participatory and representative decision-making at all levels. (Target 16.7)1.1| ContextDigital technologies have taken on an even more vital role for organizations recently  becoming key to their business growth due to the unexpected global events of recent years. These technologies have significantly accelerated organizational changes and generated numerous opportunities for development. In order to adapt to a changing landscape  companies must base their value creation on the effective use of cutting-edge  digitalization-based technologies to create innovative business models.By 2027  it is forecast that more than 50% of IT budgets in most organizations will be allocated to connectivity  security  computing and data processing to enable as-a-service solutions and make products smart.As part of the drive to increase digitalization  by 2025 more than 60% of IT offerings will require the use of cloud-based platforms that can enable extensive process automation and drive significant reductions in operating costs1.It is also important to underline that the pace of change in the technology sector has increased exponentially in recent decades. It has never been more important for companies to reinvent themselves and adapt to the changing priorities and demands of their customers and employees. In the years to come  Tech companies will play a leading role in supporting businesses in the integration and use of innovative technologies  as increasing digitalization becomes an ever-more integral part of our society.Both businesses and government agencies have seen a growing need to strengthen their digital presence  in terms of both the services they offer and the optimization of internal processes. This has led to smoother and more seamless interaction with customers and employees.Digital integration is therefore not simply a key factor in gaining a competitive advantage  but is also crucial for the very survival of companies in any industry. These entities will be required to redefine their services and functionality  embracing solutions that are technologically innovative.Incorporating these technologies and advanced features into business models is no mean feat. It requires significant expertise in technology and supply chain management. As such  being able to rely on highly specialized technology partners who offer comprehensive  customized hardware-software solutions (one-stop shops) is incredibly valuable. By adopting this approach  customers can take advantage of cutting-edge technologies while reducing both the time-to-market and execution risks often associated with technology investments.While geopolitical issues and trends in key macroeconomic indicators have affected many sectors  recent years have demonstrated that access to a digital infrastructure is no longer a privilege  but an unavoidable necessity.The technology market in 2024 is expected to be driven by rapid growth in the APAC market  strong demand for software  the many possibilities offered by generative AI  and/or the growing need for sustainable and digital innovation.A general recovery is also expected for the general economy as energy prices gradually fall  supply chains recover and inflation decreases. Global technology expenditure is expected to hit USD 4.7 trillion in1 | IDC FutureScape: Worldwide IT Industry 2023 Predictions2024  up 5.3% on 2023  a significant improvement on growth of 3.5% in the previous year2.For those organizations looking to stand out in data-driven transactions  investment in IoT projects is an essential element.Against this backdrop  enterprise spending on IoT technology 2023 reached more than USD 200 billion for the European market alone.IoT Analytics predicts that the IoT market will grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 19.4% between 2022 and 2027  reaching USD 483 billion.IoT SecurityIoT HardwareIoT ServicesIoT SoftwareFigure 1: The IoT market from 2019 to 2027The European Green Deal and the ""Fit for 55"" package of initiativesTotaleDigital innovation can help bring positive change to society  to the environment and to the economic model under which we operate.The Green Deal views technologies as having the potential to tackle climate change and environmental challenges in general  supporting the EU's transformation into a modern  competitive economy by improving energy efficiency  circularity  and sustainable mobility solutions.From a societal point of view  if used properly  digital innovations can help provide an increasing number of people with access to digital tools  allowing them to consume more informative and educational content as a result.Finally  digital technologies play an important role in the economic sphere as they can optimize production processes  allowing us to use natural resources more efficiently while streamlining the corporate value chain as a whole.2| Global Tech Spend in 2024  ForresterFuture sector developments3Finally  since the 17 Sustainable Development Goals defined by the United Nations in the 2030 Agenda are intrinsically linked to the adoption of sustainable technologies  the future developments that digital technologies can bring to the area of environmental and social sustainability are particularly interesting:1. Internet of Things (IoT) to manage environmental and social issues: • Introduction of widespread early-warning systems (e.g. networked devices - phones  computers  televisions that send emergency alerts); • IoT devices to monitor air quality and biodiversity; • Use of IoT sensors to monitor and manage use of resources such as water and energy in real time. 2. Electric vehicles and sustainable mobility: • Developments in electric vehicle battery technology to increase range and reduce charging times; • Development of smart charging infrastructure and traffic management systems to encourage sustainable mobility. 3. Renewable energy: • Improvements in energy storage technologies to overcome the challenges of intermittent renewable supply; • Increased efficiency and reduced costs of renewable energy generation technologies (e.g. development of photovoltaic cells to increase solar panel efficiency); 4. Artificial intelligence (AI) for environmental optimization: • Climate modeling to illustrate and visualize current climatic conditions; • Climate risk analysis  identifying how exposed value chains are to such risks  and modeling predictive systems to prevent environmental accidents and better manage natural resources.5. Augmented and virtual reality to visualize climate impacts  engaging users and helping to increase public awareness of and involvement with the challenges created by climate change.When drafting this NFS  we first analyzed the context and industry in which SECO operates. This document highlights the direction taken by the SECO Group to tackle these challenges.3 | Sources:Innovation and Adaptation in the Climate Crisis: Technology for the New Normal of the World Economic Forum  January 2024 10 Breakthrough Technologies 2024  MIT Technology ReviewCleanTech: what are they and what role do they play for ESG?  ESG360  December 20231.2| From new beginnings to changeSECO's story begins in a garage in Arezzo  Italy. It was the 1970s  and Daniele Conti and Luciano Secciani had just turned twenty when - unbeknownst to them - they embarked on a journey that would change the world as they knew it.They had shared an innate passion for electronics and a keen entrepreneurial spirit since they were children. As they grew up together  surrounded by circuit boards and schoolbooks  they realized they could turn their hobby into something much bigger. SECO was established in April 1979 as an electronics workshop. In under a decade  it established itself as a leading player in the electronics industry  thanks to its ability to create solutions for various applications  including small systems for manufacturers of jewelry-making machines and custom solutions for the transportation industry.Daniele and Luciano's passion for the very first personal computers imported from abroad prompted them to develop SECO SYSTEM 210. It was the very first SECO computer and was showcased at SMAU  the leading Italian trade fair for IT and communication technologies  where it was nominated for the ""Best Design"" award  along with other innovative products. After gaining experience with personal computers  the duo soon had the idea of utilizing their knowledge in the industrial sector. It didn't take long for them to develop the world's first industrial PC containing a Eurocard circuit board.After that initial personal computer  SECO continued to develop various solutions based on miniaturized computers and touch panel systems. These technologies have allowed SECO's customers to digitalize their devices and make them ""smart."" Through data generation and processing  they have facilitated the creation of new features for end users in product categories spanning industrial machinery  gym equipment  and1979THE BEGINNINGDaniele Conti and Luciano Secciani found SECO1991 > 2008GROWTHLaunch of several standard and custom products  soon becoming a national trailblazer in the embedded sector2012 > 2018INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION2018 > 2020SECO 2.0E CRESCITA € 10m capital increase by Fondo Italiano di Investimento to support the international expansion of the GroupOpening of sales offices inUSA  India  TaiwanFONDO ITALIANO TECNOLOGIANew HQ  new production plant  new top managers to strengthen the management teamM&AAidilab  Fannal  InHand  Ispirata and Hopenly join the SECO Group for an increasingly comprehensive range of IoT solutionsfood and drink vending machines. SECO's growth has been driven by its dedication to assisting customers with their digital transformations using technologies. Currently  the company has revenues of over Euro 200 million  an ever-evolving portfolio of software and hardware solutions  and a robust global base of over 450 customers.The Group is now a point of reference for high technology  computer miniaturization  and IoT and Artificial Intelligence services. With a strong focus on industry  SECO is an international company with plants located in 11 different countries. SECO concentrates a significant portion of its operations in five production plant located in Germany  Italy  and China. This strategic approach has proven to be beneficial  as it allows the Group to directly oversee quality control standards and offer superior service to customers. SECO's internal production planning allows it to optimize delivery times  despite the supply chain obstacles characterizing the current market.Much has changed for the Group since April 1979  but the SECO team's desire for innovation and excellence has never waned.Figure 2: Key moments in the Group's history20222021STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING € 100m new capital raised with the listing on the Euronext STARMilan segmentIoT BUSINESSLauch of CLEA  the One-stop software platform for IoT-AIM&ASECO further expands its reach with ORO Networks (AI skills) and Garz &Fricke Group (strengthening presence in the DACH area and industrial infrastructure)STRATEGICPARTNERSHIPSExpansion of the ecosystem of partners to extend Group's offerings to the world of smart cities (Pizzarotti)  cybersecurity(Exein)  industrial automation pplications (Camozzi Digital)and sensors (Libelium)2023NEW TECHNOLOGIES ANDCOLLABORATIONSLaunch of Studio X  a generative AI platform to automate first and second level support activities.SECO is selected as Qualcomm's IoT design center partner.7-Industries joins SECO with a capital increase of €65 million to support Group's expansion plans.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Seco S', 'Non-Financial Declaration', 'March', '11', '24', 'accurate, balanced, clear, comparable, complete', 'Message S.p.A.', 'The Global Reporting Initiative', 'key non-financial performance indicators', 'GRI Content Index146', 'relevant GRI Standards3', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'Sustainable Development Summit', 'The GRI Standards', 'Consolidated Non-Financial Statement', 'Methodological Note"" section', 'More methodological information', 'The SECO Group', 'Non-Financial Declaration', 'reporting principles', 'sustainable ethos', 'key achievements', 'key stages', 'financial reporting', 'technical-methodological assistance', 'new beginnings', 'business model', 'Environmental management', 'Efficient use', 'natural resources', 'Value sharing', 'Electricity consumption', 'local community104', 'Circular economy', 'waste management119', 'Materiality analysis', 'risk assessment', 'Technical Details130', 'last year', 'The Group', 'Legislative Decree', 'European Parliament', 'large undertakings', 'specific requirements', 'three-year period', 'human rights', 'passive corruption', 'management policies', 'management approach', 'business activities', 'timely manner', 'economic impact', 'various dimensions', 'gold standard', 'main body', 'four chapters', 'cover page', 'text boxes', 'More information', 'The 2030 Agenda', '193 Member States', 'United Nations', 'action plan', 'macro trends', 'several pages', 'governance model', 'economic value', 'main actions', 'European Taxonomy', 'key stakeholders', 'diversity information', 'product innovation', 'Business sectors', 'Group Governance', 'public-interest entities', 'future risks', 'non-profit organization', 'material topics', 'Sustainability context50', 'sustainability pillars', 'sustainability performance', 'first chapter', 'second chapter', 'Group Stakeholders', 'sustainability strategy', 'NFD', 'INDICE', 'document', 'Letter', 'People', 'Customers87', 'Suppliers', 'emissions', 'Annex', 'line', 'NFS', 'Directive', 'Council', 'disclosure', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'relation', 'society', 'personnel', 'active', 'reference', 'addition', 'results', 'current', 'quality', 'data', 'reliability', 'guide', 'companies', 'sizes', 'world', 'nature', 'area', 'connection', 'opportunities', 'September', 'list', 'SDGs', '169 targets', 'planet', 'prosperity', 'operation', 'markets', 'structure', 'commitment', 'research', 'process', 'compliance']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LECTRA-4769/news/Lectra-Annual-Report-46319384/,Lectra : Annual Report -March 29  2024 at 06:57 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) regulated disclosure ......... 26     9. Share repurchase program ..................................................... 27     9.1 Current share repurchase program .......................................... 27 ...https://www.ma…,"ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT2023GENERAL SUMMARYStatement from Daniel Harari  Chairman and Chief Executive Office ................ 4 2023 key figures ..................................................................................................................... 601Management discussion71. Summary of events and performance in 2023 ........................... 82. Assenssment of the 2023-2025 strategic roadmap .............. 133. Risk factors - Internal control and risk management procedures .............................................................................................. 134. Oﬀ-balance sheet items .................................................................... 2 15. Research and development ............................................................. 2 16. Corporate social  environmental and societal responsabilityinformation(Non-ﬁnancialStatement) ........ 217. Appropriation of earnings ................................................................ 228. Share capital - ownership - share price performance .......... 229. Share repurchase program .............................................................. 2710. Signiﬁant post-closing events ......................................................... 2811. Financial calendar 2024 .................................................................... 2812. Business trends ..................................................................................... 2813. Additional information - Consolidated ﬁnancial statements ............................................ 3002Non-financial statement331. About this Non-ﬁnancial Statement ............................................ 352. Principal risks and challenges in the area of social  societal and environmental responsibility ................................. 363. A virtuous business model ............................................................... 374. The highest ethical standards ......................................................... 475. Eco-responsible oﬀers ....................................................................... 496. An inclusive  diverse and vibrant work culture ....................... 537. Reducing the environmental impact of Lectra activities .... 618. A program for the next generation .............................................. 679. The European Union Regulation on sustainable activities: the ""Green Taxonomy"" ....................................................................... 6810. Report by one of the Statutory Auditors  appointed as an independent third party  on the consolidated non-ﬁnancial Statement ................................................................................................ 74 Appendix 1 - Materiality matrix ..................................................... 76 Appendix 2 - List of challenges presented to stakeholders analysis .......................................................................... 77 Appendix 3 - Risk  commitments and challenges mapping table ................................................................ 79 Appendix 4 - Lectra's 12 commitments for Corporate Social Responsibility ............................................. 80 Appendix 5 - Map of corruption risks .......................................... 8103Report on corporate governance821. Directors and managing bodies ..................................................... 842. Compensation and beneﬁts of company oﬃcers and directors ............................................... 1123. Market abuse prevention measures ............................................ 1254. Related-party agreements and agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business .................... 1265. Financial authorizations and delegations ................................. 1276. Attendance at shareholders' meetings ...................................... 1287. Information concerning potentially material items in the event of a public tender oﬀer ........................................................ 12904Consolidated financial statements1301. Statement of ﬁnancial position consolidated ......................... 1312. Income statement consolidated ................................................... 1323. Statement of cash ﬂows consolidated ....................................... 1334. Statement of changes in equity consolidated ...................... 1345. Notes to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements .................... 135Notes to the statement of ﬁnancial position ................................. 149Notes to the income statement consolidated ................................ 174Notes to the statement of cash ﬂows consolidated .................... 182 Statutory Auditors' reporton the consolidated ﬁnancial statements ....................................... 18405People responsible for the annual financial and auditing the financial statements1881. Certiﬁcation by the people responsible for the Annual Financial Report ................................................... 1892. People responsible for auditing the ﬁnancial statements ................................................................. 189Statement from Daniel Harari  Chairman and Chief Executive OfficeIn 2023  Lectra celebrated its 50th anniversary. 50 years of innovation  50 years of serving our customers. 50 years of creating a world-renowned technology Group  which is now part of the SBF 120 index.Continued improvement in fundamentalsA year ago  I stated that the combination of Gerber Technology and Lectra in June 2021 created a premier advanced technology Group with an extended global reach  capable of responding rapidly to emerging customer needs in its three strategic market sectors - fashion  automotive  and furniture.With continuing economic and geopolitical tensions in many parts of the world  rising interest rates  and limited access to credit for our customers  the year 2023 did not unfold as we had anticipated. We expected orders to rise at the start of the year  but the opposite occurred. We increased salaries twice in 2022  and again in January 2023  in order to protect employees from inﬂation  and we accelerated recruitment to prepare for business growth. In April  we introduced a strict cost control plan.By combining strong growth in recurring contracts and higher gross margins across all product lines  while containing costs  we both mitigated the impact of the slowdown in activity and continued to improve our fundamentals.We also generated higher free cash ﬂow than in 2022. At end- 2023  following the acquisition of the majority of the capital of TextileGenesis  we have a positive net cash position of 17 million euros and consolidated shareholders' equity of 418 million euros.A new stage in our Lectra 4.0 strategyLaunched in 2017  the Lectra 4.0 strategy aims to position Lectra as a key Industry 4.0 player in its markets between now and 2030. From 2017 to 2022  we developed  tested and marketed numerous oﬀers for Industry 4.0.In 2023  we successfully implemented the ﬁrst year of the 2023- 2025 strategic roadmap. More speciﬁcally  we successfully leveraged synergies from acquisitions made in recent years  most notably Gerber Technology; we signiﬁcantly increased our SaaS activity; and we acquired the majority of the capital of TextileGenesis.Committed CSR policyThe relevance of our CSR policy  now enshrined as a key pillar of our strategy  has been recognized by Euronext  independent rating organizations  and the media. For the second year running  we were awarded the Best Managed Company by Deloitte.Over and above our commitment to being environmentally responsible regarding our own ecological impact  our entire oﬀer enables customers to limit their fabric and leather consumption - one of the principal contributors to their carbon footprint. The acquisition of TextileGenesis enhances our value proposition by ensuring fabric traceability  from ﬁbre to retail.Signs of improvement for 2024Even though the economic environment remains tense at the start of the year  observers generally expect the situation to stabilize and visibility to improve gradually  with the prospect of a turnaround in late 2024 or early 2025.In this context  a rebound in orders  combined with the improvement in the Group's fundamentals  would allow for signiﬁcant growth in our results in 2024.I hope that you will ﬁnd this report of interest and trust it provides the information you require.Daniel HarariChairman and Chief Executive OﬃcerOverview of the Group's situation2023 key ﬁguresLike-for-like01Management discussionDear Shareholders This Management Discussion and analysis reports on the operations and ﬁnancial results of the company Lectra (the ""Company"") and of the group Lectra (""Lectra"" or the ""Group""  i.e.  the consolidated entity formed by Lectra SA and all French and foreign subsidiaries under its control within the meaning of article L. 233-16 of the French Commercial Code).It is separate from the report of the Board of Directors to the Shareholders' Meeting of April 26  2024  which in addition discusses in detail the ﬁnancial statements and other disclosures relating to the parent company  Lectra SA. This document is available  in French only  on the Company's website (www.lectra.com).sUmmarY1. Summary of events and performance in 2023 .................... 81.1 2023: mixed results ............................................................................. 81.2 Consolidated ﬁnancial statements for 2023 ............................ 81.3 Acquisitions ............................................................................................ 92. 2023-2025 strategic roadmap: ﬁrst progress report ..... 102.1 Lectra 4.0: a long-term vision ...................................................... 102.2 New strategic roadmap for 2023-2025 .................................... 113. Risk factors - Internal control and risk management procedures .................................................................................... 133.1 Risks in connection with the 2023-2025 roadmap ............. 133.2 Risks relating to market conditions ........................................... 143.3 Risks related to the Group's business ....................................... 153.4 IT risks ..................................................................................................... 153.5 Human resources ............................................................................... 163.6 Factors relating to legal regulations and compliance ....... 163.7 Internal control and risk management procedures ............ 163.8 Speciﬁc provisions relating to the preparation and processing of accounting and ﬁnancial information .......... 193.9 Insurance and risk cover ................................................................ 20 Comparisons between 2023 and 2022 are based on 2022 exchange rates unless otherwise stated (""like-for-like""). As the impact of the acquisition of TextileGenesis (see press release dated December 8  2022) on the ﬁnancial statements for 2023 is not material  like-for-like changes exclude only the variations in exchange rates. Orders for new systems are reported using two indicators: on the one hand  the value of software sold separately under perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software (also sold in the form of perpetual licenses) and non-recurring services; and on the other hand  the annual value of new subscriptions for software sold in Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) mode. 8. Share capital - ownership - share price performance .... 22 8.1 Change in share capital .................................................................. 22 8.2 Main shareholders ............................................................................. 22 8.3 Shareholding pacts and agreements ....................................... 22 8.4 Treasury shares .................................................................................. 22 8.5 Granting of stock options - potential capital stock ........... 23 8.6 Absence of bonus shares .............................................................. 26 8.7 Lectra joins Euronext's CAC Mid 60 and SBF 120 indices ......................................................................... 26 8.8 Share price performance and trading volumes ................... 26 8.9 Transactions in shares by directors and similar persons .......................................................................... 26 8.10 Compliance with the Transparency Directive and the General Regulation (""MAR"") - regulated disclosure ......... 26 9. Share repurchase program ..................................................... 27 9.1 Current share repurchase program .......................................... 27 9.2 Transactions by the Company on its own shares in 2023 ................................................................................................... 27 9.3 Description of the share repurchase program submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting for approval ............................ 274. Oﬀ-balance sheet items ........................................................... 214.1 Oﬀ-balance sheet commitments relating to the Group's ﬁnancing ................................................................................................ 214.2 Oﬀ-balance sheet commitments relating to the Group's operating activities ........................................................................... 215. Research and development ..................................................... 21 10. Signiﬁant post-closing events ............................................... 28 11. Financial calendar 2024 .......................................................... 28 12. Business trends .......................................................................... 28 12.1 Outlook for 2024 ............................................................................... 28 12.2 Conﬁdence in prospects for growth in the medium term... 296. Corporate social  environmental and societal responsability information (Non-ﬁnancial Statement)...217. Appropriation of earnings ...................................................... 2213. Additional information - Consolidated ﬁnancial statements ................................................................................... 3013.1 Orders for new systems - like-for-like ...................................... 3013.2 Breakdown of revenues - like-for-like ....................................... 3113.3 Consolidated income statement - like-for-like .................... 321. Summary of events and performance in 20231.1 2023: mixed resultsThe year 2023 was marked by a severely degraded macroeconomic and geopolitical environment  with many companies worldwide delaying investment decisions; this led to a 26% decline in orders for perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and non-recurring services.Nonetheless  new subscriptions for software sold in Software-as-a- Service (SaaS) mode had an annual value of 10.8 million euros  with continuing growth (+15%) conﬁrming their success and increasing adoption by Group customers.Results in line with revised objectivesIn light of the shortfall in orders for new systems  the Group reported on October 25 that it anticipated full-year 2023 revenues in the range of 474 to 481 million euros  and EBITDA before non-recurring items in the range of 78 to 82 million euros.Revenues (477.6 million euros) and EBITDA before non-recurring items (79.0 million euros) were in line with these expectations. Q4 exchange rates negatively impacted the results in this period; they reduced reported revenues and EBITDA before non-recurring items by 0.7 million euros and 0.4 million euros  respectively  relative to the expectations on October 25  particularly in the case of the US dollar  which came to €1/$1.08  whereas the October scenarios were based on €1/$1.06.Strong improvement in the fundamentals of the Group's business modelThe 2023 results showed a strong improvement in the fundamentals of the Group's business model  largely due to synergies arising from the Gerber acquisition. Revenues from recurring contracts rose by 10% and the gross proﬁt margin increased by 3.5 percentage points  on a like-for-like basis. Moreover  the Group decided to raise salaries  twice in 2022 and again in early 2023  in order to protect employees from inﬂation; it also continued to invest for the future by strengthening its R&D teams. These decisions raised ﬁxed costs in the ﬁrst quarter of 2023 by 11%  compared to the ﬁrst quarter of 2022. Measures to reduce certain overhead costs brought the increase down to 2% in the fourth quarter  without sacriﬁcing investments for the future.These improvements  many of which can be considered permanent  will have a positive impact on the Group's future earnings growth  in addition to the positive impact of the rebound in new systems orders.1.2 Consolidated financial statements for 2023With an average exchange rate of €1/$1.08 in 2023  the dollar was down 3% compared to 2022 and the yuan declined by 8% against the euro. Currency changes mechanically decreased revenues by 11.2 million euros (-2%) and EBITDA before non-recurring items by 4.8 million euros (-6%) at actual exchange rates  compared to like-for-like ﬁgures.OrdersIn a highly degraded environment  orders for perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and non-recurring services (145.4 million euros) were down 26% compared to 2022.Orders for perpetual software licenses (14.0 million euros)  equipment and accompanying software (111.1 million euros) and for training and consulting (15.9 million euros) decreased by 23%  29% and 10% respectively.Geographically  orders for perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and non-recurring services decreased by 33% in the Americas  30% in Europe  22% in Asia-Paciﬁc and 6% in the rest of the world (including North Africa  South Africa  Turkey  and the Middle East …). They decreased by 28% in the fashion market  by 21% in the furniture market and by 18% in the automotive market.The annual value of new software subscription orders came to 10.8 million euros  up 15% compared to the year 2022.RevenuesRevenues came to 477.6 million euros  down 6% compared to 2022 (-8% at actual exchange rates).Revenues from software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and non-recurring servicesRevenues from perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and non-recurring services (154.3 million euros) were down 24%. This item contributed 32% of revenues (40% in 2022)  and included mainly: ■ perpetual software licenses (13.8 million euros)  which decreased by 23% and accounted for 3% of revenues (4% in 2022);■ equipment and accompanying software (118.8 million euros) which decreased by 29% and accounted for 25% of revenues (33% in 2022);■training and consulting (17.3 million euros)  which increased by 14% and accounted for 3% of revenues (3% in 2022).At December 31  2023  the order backlog for perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  as well as training and consulting amounted to 35.2 million euros. It decreased by 8.3 million euros compared to December 31  2022  but increased by 1.1 million euros compared to September 30  2023  like-for-like.Revenues from recurring contracts  consumables and partsRevenues from recurring contracts  which represented 38% of revenues (32% in 2022)  amounted to 181.3 million euros  a 10% increase:■ software subscriptions (30.4 million euros)  up 47%  represented 6% of revenues (4% in 2022);■ software maintenance contracts (53.6 million euros)  up 3%  represented 11% of revenues (10% in 2022);■ equipment and accompanying software maintenance contracts (97.3 million euros)  up 6%  represented 21% of revenues (18% in 2022).In parallel  revenues from consumables and parts (141.9 million euros) increased by 1% and represented 30% of revenues (28% in 2022).Overall  recurring revenues (323.2 million euros) accounted for 68% of revenues and were up 6% (+3% at actual exchange rates).Gross proﬁtGross proﬁt amounted to 333.2 million euros  down 1% compared to 2022  while revenues fell by 6%.The gross proﬁt margin came to 69.8%  up 3.5 percentage points. This increase stems mainly from the synergies coming from the Gerber acquisition  particularly strong growth of recurring contract revenues  and strong improvement in the gross margin on equipment and accompanying software revenues.Personnel expenses and other operating expenses incurred in the execution of maintenance contracts or in training and consulting are not included in the cost of goods sold but are accounted for in overhead costs.Overhead costsOverhead costs were 284.1 million euros  up 4% compared to 2022. The breakdown is as follows: ■ 264.5 million euros in ﬁxed overhead costs (+6%); ■ 19.6 million euros in variable costs (-16%).Research and development costs (55.8 million euros)  which are fully expensed in the period and included in ﬁxed overhead costs  represented 11.7% of revenues (52.9 million euros and 10.1% of revenues in 2022). After deducting the research tax credit applicable in France and grants received  net research and development costs totaled 51.3 million euros (45.8 million euros in 2022).EBITDA before non-recurring items  income from operations before non-recurring items and net income EBITDA before non-recurring items was 79.0 million euros  down 15% (-20% at actual exchange rates) and the EBITDA margin before non-recurring items came to 16.5%  down 1.7 percentage points (-2.3 percentage points at actual exchange rates).Income from operations before non-recurring items amounted to 49.1 million euros  down 22%. This included a 12.6-million-euro charge for amortization of intangible assets arising from the acquisitions carried out since 2021.Income from operations came to 48.5 million euros. This includes a non-recurring total income item of 5.2 million euros  arising from the reversal of the unused portion of a provision following the settlement of a tax dispute in the United Kingdom relating to the acquisition of Gerber (2.6 million euros)  and reversals of provisions for other tax liabilities no longer required (2.5 million euros). It also includes a non-recurring total charge of 5.8 million euros  consisting of a provision for tax adjustment regarding the research tax credit in France (4.6 million euros)  and fees and expenses relating to acquisition projects (1.2 million euros).Financial income and expenses represented a net charge of 2.8 million euros. Foreign exchange gains and losses generated a net loss of 1.6 million euros.After an income tax expense of 11.4 million euros  net income amounted to 32.6 million euros  down 26% at actual exchange rates.Net earnings per share were €0.90 on basic capital and €0.89 on diluted capital (€1.18 on basic capital and €1.16 on diluted capital in 2022).Free cash ﬂowFree cash ﬂow before non-recurring items totaled 45.3 million euros (43.7 million euros in 2022). It is higher than net income.After disbursement of 2.9 million euros in respect of non-recurring charges  free cash ﬂow amounted to 42.4 million euros (40.3 million euros in 2022 after non-recurring disbursements of 3.4 million euros).A particularly robust balance sheetAt December 31  2023  the Group had a particularly robust balance sheet with a consolidated shareholders' equity of 417.9 million euros and a positive net cash position of 17.0 million euros  consisting in ﬁnancial debt of 98.1 million euros and cash of 115.0 million euros.Throughout the year  the Company paid out 15.2 million euros in respect of the acquisition of the majority of the capital of TextileGenesis  and 18.1 million euros in respect of dividends for ﬁscal year 2022.The working capital requirement at December 31  2023 was a negative 4.1 million euros. This amount includes the purchase of inventories in the amount of 4.1 million euros  on December 1  2023  in connection with the insourcing of the production in China previously outsourced to the company VDL.1.3 AcquisitionsAcquisition of the majority of the capital of TextileGenesis On December 8  2022  Lectra announced the signature of an agreement to acquire the majority of the capital and voting rights of the Dutch company TextileGenesis.Founded in 2018  TextileGenesis provides a SaaS platform that enables fashion brands and sustainable textile manufacturers to ensure a reliable  secure and fully digital mapping of their textiles  from the ﬁber to the consumer  and thereby guarantee their authenticity and origins.The transaction  which involves the acquisition of 51% of TextileGenesis for 15.2 million euros  was ﬁnalized on January 9  2023. The acquisition of the remaining share capital and voting rights is expected to take place in two stages  in 2026 and 2028  for an amount that will be calculated based on a multiple of the 2025 and 2027 recurring revenues.Insourcing of manufacturing in China previously performed by subcontractorFollowing the acquisition of Gerber Technology in 2021  Lectra relied on a factory in China  operated by the Dutch group VDL  to manufacture Gerber-brand multi-ply cutting machines and spreaders. By establishing the new subsidiary  Suzhou Lectra Equipment Manufacturing   the Group has been able to insource this activity  which is primarily geared to the Asian market (see press release dated December 1  2023). The Suzhou plant  located near Shanghai  will meet the same standards of operational excellence as are currently in place in the manufacturing facilities at Bordeaux- Cestas (France)  and Tolland (United States).2. 2023-2025 strategic roadmap: first progress reportLaunched in 2017  the Lectra 4.0 strategy aims to position the Group as a key Industry 4.0 player in its three strategic market sectors  fashion  automotive and furniture  before 2030. The strategy has been implemented up to now through three strategic roadmaps.The ﬁrst strategic roadmap  which covered the 2017-2019 period  established the key fundamentals for the future of the Group. These included the successful integration into its new oﬀers of the key technologies for Industry 4.0 (cloud computing  the Internet of Things  big data  and artiﬁcial intelligence.)  the strengthening of the Executive Committee  the transformation of sales organizations into four main regions  and the launch of the ﬁrst software oﬀers in SaaS mode.The second roadmap  which ran from 2020 through 2022  achieved a new dimension for the Group - primarily through the acquisition of Gerber in June 2021 - and opened new perspectives  with a ﬁnancial position stronger than ever before  an extended worldwide presence  a broader customer base  a powerful product portfolio  a growing number of customers using its new oﬀers for Industry 4.0  and a new brand image.The Lectra 4.0 strategy and each of the chapters of the 2023-2025 strategic roadmap are summarized below  followed by an initial progress report describing the actions taken in this connection in 2023.2.1 Lectra 4.0: a long-term visionMarkets undergoing profound changesLectra customers throughout the world continue to be aﬀected by changes in consumer behavior  the macroeconomic and geopolitical events of recent years and the growing importance of ethical commitment and sustainable development.Fashion industry players must undertake far-reaching transformations in their distribution networks and supply chains  taking into account Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) issues  and the continuous adjustment of their product range and positioning strategies. The fashion sector's main objective is to produce only the products it can actually sell  at the right price to meet customer demand.Automotive suppliers face major challenges including inﬂation of raw materials and components  supply chain disruptions and logistical complexity. Furthermore  the progressive shift from internal combustion to electric vehicles with costly technologies is exerting pressure on their cost structure. As a consequence  carmakers must optimize in other areas - particularly in seats and interiors  which account for a signiﬁcant portion of total costs - in order to preserve their margins. To remain competitive  suppliers have to boost the performance of their production tools and optimize material consumption.Finally  furniture industry players are continuing to modernize  digitize and automate their industrial facilities  while also transforming their production methods and processes to givegreater priority to on-demand production that can best meet the needs of their consumers.Accelerating adoption of key Industry 4.0 technologies Industry 4.0 calls for a new approach to organizing production plants based on communication across a conﬁguration of increasingly ﬂexible players and production tools  while optimizing the use of available resources.The COVID-19 crisis  and its impact on consumer habits and ecosystems  are driving ever increasing structural changes in product value chains. These developments have substantially accelerated the digitalization of processes from creation to point of sale; the introduction of modular  intelligent and communicating production lines; and the adoption of the key technologies for Industry 4.0. These preliminary steps will make it possible to exploit the full potential of the fourth industrial revolution  and then automate and continuously optimize all processes.Ultimately  Industry 4.0 will be a major step forward in interconnecting all participants in the value chain  driving higher performance  making production lines more ﬂexible  more agile and more capable of meeting demand for personalization.Corporate Social Responsibility: an increasingly central role for all activitiesNo company can ignore ethical  environmental  social and societal issues in conducting its business. Increasing numbers of consumers are expressing their expectations in terms of product traceability  sustainability and ethics. More and more countries are introducing regulations to guarantee their origin and their content. And many employees  especially younger people joining the workforce  are voicing increased concerns regarding corporate values and working conditions.To address these issues  organizations must reassess the way they operate and their decision-making processes. Eco-design of products will progressively become the norm  optimizing production systems will be a necessity  and transparency will be imperative. All players in the fashion  automotive and furniture industries will have to adjust to these new conditions.Lectra's long-term strategy more relevant than ever before Launched in 2017  the Lectra 4.0 strategy  which aims to position the Group as a key Industry 4.0 player in its three strategic market sectors before 2030  has proven its eﬀectiveness. The ﬁve pillars of the strategy are even more relevant today  in light of the changing environment and the new demands made by the markets Lectra serves:",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.29,0.45,True,English,"['Annual Report', 'Lectra', 'March', '06:57', 'The European Union Regulation', 'Market abuse prevention measures', 'public tender oﬀer', 'Oﬀ-balance sheet items', 'consolidated non-ﬁnancial Statement', 'Eco-responsible oﬀers', 'company oﬃcers', 'Chief Executive Office', '2023-2025 strategic roadmap', 'highest ethical standards', 'vibrant work culture', 'independent third party', 'Consolidated ﬁnancial statements', 'Consolidated financial statements', 'virtuous business model', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'challenges mapping table', 'Corporate social, environmental', 'risk management procedures', 'share price performance', 'ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT', ""182 Statutory Auditors' report"", 'material items', 'ﬁnancial position', 'environmental responsibility', 'social, societal', 'corporate governance', 'Management discussion', 'Share capital', '11. Financial calendar', 'Financial authorizations', 'environmental impact', 'Daniel Harari', '4 2023 key figures', 'Risk factors', 'Internal control', 'societal responsabilityinformation', 'Business trends', 'Principal risks', 'inclusive, diverse', 'next generation', 'sustainable activities', 'Green Taxonomy', 'Materiality matrix', 'stakeholders analysis', 'corruption risks', 'managing bodies', 'beneﬁts', 'ordinary course', ""shareholders' meetings"", 'cash ﬂows', 'Certiﬁcation', 'Non-financial statement', 'Income statement', 'GENERAL SUMMARY', 'repurchase program', 'post-closing events', 'Additional information', 'Lectra activities', 'Related-party agreements', 'Chairman', 'Assenssment', 'Research', 'development', 'ﬁnancialStatement', 'Appropriation', 'earnings', 'ownership', 'area', '74 Appendix', '76 Appendix', 'List', 'commitments', '79 Appendix', '80 Appendix', 'Directors', 'Compensation', 'delegations', 'Attendance', 'changes', 'equity', 'Notes', 'People', '2.', '4.', '174']",2024-03-29,2024-03-30,marketscreener.com
38533,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/10-best-long-term-asx-154919438.html,10 Best Long Term ASX Stocks To Invest In,In this piece  we will take a look at the ten best long term ASX stocks to invest in. If you want to skip our overview of the Australian stock market  then you can take a look at the 5 Best Long Term ASX Stocks To Invest In.,In this piece  we will take a look at the ten best long term ASX stocks to invest in. If you want to skip our overview of the Australian stock market  then you can take a look at the 5 Best Long Term ASX Stocks To Invest In.Australia is one of the most prosperous nations in the world and stands shoulder to shoulder with the developed countries of Europe and North America when it comes to progress and quality of life. However  since most of the world's business flows through America  the U.S. stock market is considerably bigger. These facts also hold true for the European Euronext stock exchanges and the London Stock Exchange  especially since the latter is another hub for global finance.The Australian economy is quite advanced but also relies on traditional sectors such as mining. When it comes to analyzing the best ASX stocks  and particularly those that might be suitable for the long term  it is important to see which industries dominate Australia  what companies are operating in them  and what the future outlook for these sectors might be. On this front  data from the Reserve Bank of Australia can be of some help. Its data shows that the five biggest industries in Australia are mining  health and education  finance  construction  and manufacturing. Percentage wise  they account for 14.3%  12.8%  7.4%  7.1%  and 5.7% of the Australian economy  respectively.Building on this  the next thing to ask when thinking about the best ASX stocks is whether the current global macroeconomic environment is favorable for some of the biggest sectors of the Australian economy. Well  starting from the biggest Australian industry i.e. mining  this is one of the most sensitive businesses to global economic health. Since 27% of Australian exports go to China  and another 17.5% are headed to Japan  Asian economic health is a key determinant of Asian stock performance.If you've been following Insider Monkey and have signed up for our newsletter  you'll know that the Chinese economy has been struggling. In fact  even the International Monetary Fund (IMF) hasn't held back and called the economy a 'drag' on global output - a sentiment that comes after ill-fated analyst optimism at the start of 2023 that had seen many analysts opine that a robust recovery in China would prove to be a blessing for commodities and oil in particular. So  since Chinese growth has been lackluster  it's time to see how ASX mining stocks have fared amidst this.Story continuesSome notable ASX mining stocks  which trade exclusively on the Australian stock exchange and also through their American Depository Receipts (ADRs) on U.S. stock exchanges such as the NYSE are BHP Group Limited (NYSE:BHP)  Rio Tinto Group (NYSE:RIO)  Fortescue Ltd (ASX:FMG.AX)  and South32 Limited (ASX:S32.AX). Year to date  their performance is -15.05%  -14.17%  -12.56%  and 10.98%  respectively. Looking at this  it's clear that all these stocks are down year to date and they were under pressure earlier this year when the Australian central bank's meeting minutes revealed that officials had actually considered an additional interest rate hike since they were uncertain that the beast of inflation had been fully tamed.However  while the biggest Australian industry might be struggling  ASX stocks for the second biggest sector namely health and education have done much better. A highly developed education system and a corruption free society have allowed Australian healthcare companies to hold their ground against their global counterparts. Some of the biggest healthcare ASX stocks are CSL Limited (ASX:CSL.AX)  Cochlear Limited (ASX:COH.AX)  ResMed Inc. (ASX:RMD.AX)  and Sonic Healthcare Limited (ASX:SHL.AX).Year to date  their performance is -0.13%  12.16%  18.75%  and -8.69%. Looking at this  it appears that healthcare ASX stocks have done much better than their mining counterparts  and even better than Australia's premier education consulting firm IDP Education Limited (ASX:IEL.AX) whose shares are down 9.59% year to date amidst a rating downgrade by Bell Porter and changes in Canadian visa rules to scrutinize unscrupulous applicants that seek to work in the country instead of studying there.Since healthcare is a hot ASX stock sector these days  here's what the management of Mesoblast Limited (NASDAQ:MESO)  an Australian regenerative medicine company had to say during the firm's Q2 2024 earnings call:As at December 31 2023  cash reserves were $77.6 million after completion of an institutional placement and entitlement offer of AUD60.3 million in the period. During the period  we also delivered on our planned cost containment strategies  which reduced our cash burn for operating activities. In the three-month period ended December 2023  our cash burn for operating activities was $12.3 million  which is a 25% reduction on the comparative three-month period in FY 2023. In the six-month period ended December 2023  the cash burn was reduced but 14% on the comparative six-month period in FY 2022. We are also pleased to report the 21% reduction in our loss after tax of $32.5 million.With these details in mind  let's take a look at some best long term ASX stocks. A couple of notable picks are Aristocrat Leisure Limited (ASX:ALL.AX)  Telstra Group Limited (ASX:TLS.AX)  and BHP Group Limited (NYSE:BHP).10 Best Long Term ASX Stocks To Invest InMarine Deswarte/Shutterstock.comOur MethodologyTo make our list of the best ASX stocks for the long term  we ranked the forty most valuable ASX stocks by their average analyst share price target upside. All average share price target data was sourced from Yahoo Finance.10 Best Long Term ASX Stocks To Invest In10. QBE Insurance Group Limited (ASX:QBE.AX)Average Analyst Share Price Target: A$18.89Percentage Upside: 4.19%QBE Insurance Group Limited (ASX:QBE.AX) is a sizeable Australian insurance company headquartered in Sydney  New South Wales. The firm provides property  casualty  health  and other insurance products. It's also one of the highest rated stocks on our list  as QBE Insurance Group Limited (ASX:QBE.AX)'s shares are rated Strong Buy on average. The average share price target is A$18.89  pricing in a 4.19% upside over the latest closing share price. The firm's CEO also gave a rather interesting talk in February 2024 when he shared that due to natural disasters  reinsurance companies were often wary of doing business in Australia.Along with Telstra Group Limited (ASX:TLS.AX)  Aristocrat Leisure Limited (ASX:ALL.AX) and BHP Group Limited (NYSE:BHP)  QBE Insurance Group Limited (ASX:QBE.AX) is a top long term ASX stock according to analysts.9. Sonic Healthcare Limited (ASX:SHL.AX)Average Analyst Share Price Target: A$30.87Percentage Upside: 4.96%Sonic Healthcare Limited (ASX:SHL.AX) is the first Australian healthcare company on our list  a segment of the ASX that has performed quite well as of late even as mining giants and other ASX stocks feel the brunt of high interest rates and an economic slowdown in the major Asian economies of China and Japan. The firm is also headquartered in Sydney  and it has more than forty thousand employees on its roster. Sonic Healthcare Limited (ASX:SHL.AX) is a medical devices and diagnostics services provider that caters primarily to the needs of hospitals  health centers  and their patients. Its shares are rated Buy on average but teeter on the edge of Hold.As Australia's economy continues to struggle  Sonic Healthcare Limited (ASX:SHL.AX) made an important announcement in March 2024 when it revealed that it had expanded its global network. This came in the form of an acquisition of a Swiss laboratory for a $132 million price tag.8. CSL Limited (ASX:CSL.AX)Average Analyst Share Price Target: A$302Percentage Upside: 5.23%CSL Limited (ASX:CSL.AX) is another major Australian healthcare company. Given the way that ASX healthcare stocks have performed this year  it's unsurprising that it's yet another healthcare stock to make it to our list of the best Australian stocks to buy for the long term. CSL Limited (ASX:CSL.AX)'s shares are rated Buy on average  and its average share price target of A$302 prices in a 5.23% upside. Like Sonic Healthcare  the firm has also been busy on the global front as of late. CSL Limited (ASX:CSL.AX) scored a win in March 2024 when Canadian healthcare regulators approved its medicine for iron deficiency. At the same time  management is also hoping to capture some of the U.S. market for influenza vaccines this season.7. Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Company Limited (ASX:SOL.AX)Average Analyst Share Price Target: A$35.6Percentage Upside: 5.92%Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Company Limited (ASX:SOL.AX) is a small Australian financial services firm headquartered in Sydney  Australia. It is one of the oldest companies on our list and was set up in 1872. The firm invests in publicly and private companies through the stock market and also through private equity. Only one analyst share price target is available for Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Company Limited (ASX:SOL.AX)  and it prices in a 5.92% upside to the shares.6. Santos Limited (ASX:STO.AX)Average Analyst Share Price Target: A$8.37Percentage Upside: 8.00%Santos Limited (ASX:STO.AX) is an Australian oil and gas exploration and production company headquartered in Adelaide  Australia. It has operations in Australia  the U.S.  Timor-Leste  and Papua New Guinea. The shares are rated Buy on average  and the average analyst share price target is A$8.38. Santos Limited (ASX:STO.AX) has been relatively quiet on the news front as of late  after its talks with Australian energy giant Woodside collapsed earlier this year.Aristocrat Leisure Limited (ASX:ALL.AX)  Santos Limited (ASX:STO.AX)  Telstra Group Limited (ASX:TLS.AX)  and BHP Group Limited (NYSE:BHP) are some ASX stocks with high upside.Click to continue reading and see 5 Best Long Term ASX Stocks To Invest In.Suggested Articles:Disclosure. None. 10 Best Long Term ASX Stocks To Invest In was initially published on Insider Monkey.,neutral,0.35,0.64,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.24,0.44,True,English,"['10 Best Long Term ASX Stocks', 'ten best long term ASX stocks', '5 Best Long Term ASX Stocks', 'additional interest rate hike', 'European Euronext stock exchanges', 'U.S. stock exchanges', 'U.S. stock market', 'Australian regenerative medicine company', 'current global macroeconomic environment', 'hot ASX stock sector', 'premier education consulting firm', 'notable ASX mining stocks', 'biggest healthcare ASX stocks', 'best ASX stocks', 'Australian stock market', 'London Stock Exchange', 'second biggest sector', 'Australian stock exchange', 'International Monetary Fund', 'American Depository Receipts', 'corruption free society', 'Canadian visa rules', 'Q2 2024 earnings call', 'cost containment strategies', 'biggest Australian industry', 'Sonic Healthcare Limited', 'Australian central bank', 'Asian stock performance', 'five biggest industries', 'Asian economic health', 'Rio Tinto Group', 'BHP Group Limited', 'IDP Education Limited', 'global economic health', 'Australian healthcare companies', 'comparative three-month period', 'comparative six-month period', 'Australian exports', 'biggest sectors', 'global output', 'global counterparts', 'Australian economy', 'Reserve Bank', 'South32 Limited', 'Cochlear Limited', 'Mesoblast Limited', 'education system', 'global finance', 'prosperous nations', 'developed countries', 'future outlook', 'next thing', 'sensitive businesses', 'key determinant', 'Insider Monkey', 'analyst optimism', 'many analysts', 'robust recovery', 'Chinese growth', 'Fortescue Ltd', 'meeting minutes', 'ResMed Inc.', 'mining counterparts', 'rating downgrade', 'Bell Porter', 'unscrupulous applicants', 'cash reserves', 'institutional placement', 'entitlement offer', 'cash burn', 'operating activities', 'CSL Limited', 'NYSE:BHP', 'Chinese economy', 'traditional sectors', 'North America', 'CSL.', 'piece', 'overview', 'world', 'shoulder', 'progress', 'quality', 'life', 'facts', 'hub', 'front', 'data', 'help', 'construction', 'manufacturing', 'Percentage', 'China', 'Japan', 'newsletter', 'IMF', 'sentiment', 'ill', 'fated', 'start', 'blessing', 'commodities', 'oil', 'Story', 'ADRs', 'AX', 'date', 'pressure', 'officials', 'beast', 'inflation', 'ground', 'COH.', 'RMD.', 'SHL.', 'IEL', 'shares', 'country', 'management', 'NASDAQ', 'December', 'completion', 'AUD60', '25% reduction', 'FY', '21% reduction', 'loss']",2024-03-30,2024-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
