UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
46974,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/thought-leadership/after-its-successful-start-home-market-settlement-prepares-for-further-expansion/,After its successful start  Home Market Settlement prepares for further expansion,Eurex’s Home Market Settlement service for single stock derivatives demonstrated its success soon after launching on 23 September  evidenced by the trading volumes settled in its inaugural week. Volumes have since increased and are expected to rise as additional banks onboard to the service.,The fundamental principle of the Home Market Settlement is that single stock derivatives traders can now settle physical deliveries directly at the ESES CSDs — Euroclear France  Euroclear Belgium  and Euroclear Nederland. The previous market structure meant settling at Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (CBF)  a setup requiring clients to move assets from their domestic CSD to CBF for settlement. This involved manual input  costing time and money  as well as carrying a heightened risk of settlement delays and failures due to the higher level of delivery instructions needed in the settlement chain. By enhancing this settlement infrastructure  Eurex created significant operational efficiencies for traders on the continent.“The Home Market Settlement service avails settlement of physical deliveries at Euroclear Belgium  France and the Netherlands ” says Alexandra Roche  Product Manager  Citi. “This eliminates the need to realign positions from the local market to CBF and  in turn  improves settlement efficiency.”“Given the potential reduction in risk of settlement delays and decrease in settlement costs  Citi was one of the first to offer this service to clients. Our clients have observed increased efficiencies in the settlement process and improved risk management on the back of a decrease in buy-in risk and pilfering risk from their omnibus structure.”Simplifying vol strategyHome market settlement promises efficiencies across the European single stock derivatives market. One area where this new structure promises particularly notable efficiencies is option volatility strategies. These involve a trader buying or selling an option while selling or buying the underlying stock.Termed a ‘delta neutral trade ’ the option’s delta for a call can range from 0 to 1. Traders need to short an equivalent number of stocks to balance the overall option’s delta. The option’s price movements then track the underlying stock movements.Traditionally  banks have executed this trade using the OTC market through a back-to-back transaction with another broker — receiving the trade’s cash leg after trading the option. However  this strategy creates counterparty risk.Eurex offers a fully listed alternative for option volatility strategies. Now  traders can execute a standard option and a same-day expiring single stock future as one trade on the venue. As the future expires on the evening of the transaction  the trader can then take delivery of the underlying stock on the same day.Under the new Home Market Settlement regime  traders can now achieve further efficiencies by directly delivering the underlying stock to their preferred CSD.Next StepsThe number of member banks in the pipeline for Home Market Settlement is growing  with more and more firms preparing for onboarding to the service in the coming weeks and months.However  momentum is set to build beyond that  as Eurex plans to expand the service to cover Italy  allowing for physical delivery at its domestic CSD.As Eurex continues to spread Home Market Settlement across the continent  more traders will reap the benefits of this evolution in market structure.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.18,0.51,True,English,"['Home Market Settlement', 'successful start', 'expansion', 'same-day expiring single stock future', 'European single stock derivatives market', 'new Home Market Settlement regime', 'The Home Market Settlement service', 'single stock derivatives traders', 'Clearstream Banking Frankfurt', 'previous market structure', 'underlying stock movements', 'Simplifying vol strategy', 'option volatility strategies', 'significant operational efficiencies', 'delta neutral trade', 'new structure', 'local market', 'OTC market', 'settlement delays', 'settlement chain', 'settlement infrastructure', 'settlement efficiency', 'settlement costs', 'settlement process', 'price movements', 'omnibus structure', 'fundamental principle', 'physical deliveries', 'ESES CSDs', 'Euroclear Belgium', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'domestic CSD', 'manual input', 'higher level', 'Alexandra Roche', 'Product Manager', 'potential reduction', 'One area', 'same day', 'preferred CSD', 'Next Steps', 'coming weeks', 'overall option', 'standard option', 'one trade', 'heightened risk', 'delivery instructions', 'risk management', 'pilfering risk', 'counterparty risk', 'physical delivery', 'notable efficiencies', 'Euroclear France', 'equivalent number', 'member banks', 'back transaction', 'CBF', 'setup', 'clients', 'assets', 'time', 'money', 'failures', 'Eurex', 'continent', 'Netherlands', 'Citi.', 'need', 'positions', 'turn', 'decrease', 'buy', 'call', 'stocks', 'broker', 'cash', 'leg', 'alternative', 'venue', 'evening', 'pipeline', 'firms', 'months', 'momentum', 'Italy', 'benefits', 'evolution']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,thetradenews.com
46975,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2024/11/13/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/oma-savings-bank-plcs-notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting/2003328,Oma Savings Bank Plc's Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting,Oma Savings Bank Plc's Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting,"OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  13 NOVEMBER 2024 AT 9.35 A.M EET  NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGOma Savings Bank Plc's Notice of Extraordinary General MeetingNOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGGet the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe shareholders of Oma Savings Bank Plc are invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Tuesday 10 December 2024 at 13.00 p.m. at Pikku-Finlandia  Honka hall  Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The reception of people who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will begin at 12.00 noon. Refreshments will be served before the meeting.AdvertisementShareholders may also ask questions referred to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act on matters to be discussed at the meeting in writing prior to the meeting. Instructions for asking written questions are set out in Part C of this General Meeting Notices.A. MATTERS OF THE AGENDAAdvertisement1. Opening of the meetingAdvertisement2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of voteAdvertisement4. Recording the legality of the meetingAdvertisement5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesAdvertisement6. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors remain unchanged:Annual fees:Chairperson EUR 72 000Vice Chairperson EUR 54 000Member EUR 36 000Meeting fees:EUR 1 000 per meetingEUR 500 / email meeting and/or committee meetingDue to the Company's exceptional situation  the Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes to remove until further notice the obligation required to receive and pay a fixed annual fee  according to which a member of the Board of Directors has had to commit to acquiring shares in OmaSp on a regulated market (Nasdaq Helsinki Oy) at a price formed in public trading with 40% of its fixed annual fee.7. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight (8)  i.e. an increase of one.8. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes that the present members of the Board of Directors Aki Jaskari  Jaakko Ossa  and Jaana Sandström having given their consent  shall be re-elected and as a new Board member shall be elected Juhana Brotherus  Irma Gillberg-Hjelt  Carl Pettersson  Kati Riikonen and Juha Volotinen. A prerequisite for the elections is that the Finnish Supervisory Authority (FIN-FSA) has no objections to the elections.All other candidates except Carl Pettersson are proposed to be elected for a term starting at the Extraordinary General Meeting of 2024 and ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting of 2025. Carl Pettersson's term begins 1 January 2025.All nominees have given their consent to the election. At the time of election  all proposed nominees are independent in their relationship with the Company and its significant shareholders.Additional information on the members of the Board of Directors is available on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary.9. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS FOR THE GENERAL MEETINGThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Oma savings Bank Plc's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 20 December 2024.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerA shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting on 27 November 2024 in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholder's register of the Company.Registration for the General Meeting begins on 14 November 2024 at 9:00 am. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the Company's register of shareholders and who wish to participate in the General Meeting must register their intention to attend by 4.00 pm. on 2 December 2024  at the latest.Participants can register for the General Meeting:a) through the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary; Electronic registration requires the strong identification of a shareholder or his/her statutory representative or proxy representative with Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank codes or mobile certificates.b) by e-mail to Innovatics Ltd at [email protected]. The registered shareholder must include in the message on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary available registration form or similar information.c) by letter to Innovatics Ltd at Innovatics Ltd  GM / Oma Savings Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki. The registered shareholder must include in the message on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary available registration form or similar information.d) by phone to Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.In connection with the registration  the shareholder must provide the requested information:his/her name and personal identification code or business ID telephone number and/or email address name of the possible assistant or proxy representative and date of birth of the agentThe personal details that shareholders give to Oma Savings Bank Plc will only be used for purposes associated with the General Meeting and processing the relevant registrations.The shareholder  his/her authorised representative or proxy representative  shall on demand be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation.Further information related to the registration is available by phone during the registration period of the General Meeting at the phone number of Innovatics Ltd. +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.2. Owners of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the General Meeting 27 November 2024 would be entitled to be registered in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Participation also requires that the shareholder has been entered in the Company's temporary register of shareholders  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the basis of such shares by 4 December 2024 at 10.00 am at the latest. In the case of nominee registered shares  this is considered to be registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Owners of nominee registered shares are advised in good time to request their custodian bank for the necessary instructions on being entered into the temporary register of shareholders  the granting of powers of attorney and registration for the General Meeting. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares who wants to participate in the General Meeting into the Company's temporary register of shareholders at the latest by the above-mentioned time. More information on the matter is also available on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary.3. Representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights through a representative. Shareholder's representative must identify himself/herself to the electronic registration service with a strong identification  after which he/she can make the registration on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents. A shareholder's proxy representative must present a dated proxy or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting shall present a dated power of attorney or demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder in some other reliable way. If a shareholder is represented by more than one representative at the General Meeting  each of whom represents the shareholder with shares by the shareholder in different book-entry accounts  the shares by held which each representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible powers of attorney are requested to be delivered before the end of the registration period primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to [email protected] or by letter to Innovatics Ltd  GM / Oma Savings Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy representative shall arrange for registration at the General Meeting as described above in this notice.As an alternative to the traditional power of attorney  community owners may use the electronic authorisation service for authorising the representative. The representative is appointed on the suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation matter ""Representation at the General Meeting”). At the General Meeting Service  the delegate must identify himself/herself with a strong electronic identification when registering  and then the electronic authorisation is automatically verified. Strong electronic identification occurs with bank IDs or mobile certificate. More information about electronic authorisation is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.A model of the power of attorney is available on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary.4. Other instructions/informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders present at the Extraordinary General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Shareholders may submit questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act on matters to be discussed at the meeting until 2 December 2024 also by email to [email protected] or by letter to Oma Savings Bank Plc  Legal Affairs  Kluuvikatu 3  6th floor  00100 Helsinki. The management of the Company will respond to such questions submitted in advance in writing at the General Meeting. At the time of asking a question  the shareholder shall provide an adequate explanation of his/her shareholding.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.Oma Savings Bank Plc has a total of 33 275 237 shares  which represent the same number of votes  on the date of the meeting notice  13 November 2024. The Company directly holds a total of 136 647 of the Company's own shares  which cannot be used to vote at the General meeting.Oma Savings Bank PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Hanna Sirkiä  CLO  tel. +358 44 022 4604  [email protected]Additional information and interview requests for media:Minna Sillanpää  CCO  tel. +358 50 66592  [email protected]DISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdMajor mediawww.omasp.fiOmaSp is a solvent and profitable Finnish bank. About 500 professionals provide nationwide services through OmaSp's 47 branch offices and digital service channels to over 200 000 private and corporate customers. OmaSp focuses primarily on retail banking operations and provides its clients with a broad range of banking services both through its own balance sheet as well as by acting as an intermediary for its partners' products. The intermediated products include credit  investment and loan insurance products. OmaSp is also engaged in mortgage banking operations.OmaSp core idea is to provide personal service and to be local and close to its customers  both in digital and traditional channels. OmaSp strives to offer premium level customer experience through personal service and easy accessibility. In addition  the development of the operations and services is customer-oriented. The personnel is committed and OmaSp seeks to support their career development with versatile tasks and continuous development. A substantial part of the personnel also own shares in OmaSp.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Oma Savings Bank Plc', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Notice', 'OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'The Manila Times newsletters', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Committee"", 'Danish bank codes', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Finnish Supervisory Authority', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Jaana Sandström', 'fixed annual fee', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'General Meeting Notices', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new Board member', 'committee meeting', 'M EET', 'Annual fees', 'significant shareholders', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Honka hall', 'voting tickets', 'Part C', 'exceptional situation', 'regulated market', 'public trading', 'Aki Jaskari', 'Jaakko Ossa', 'Juhana Brotherus', 'Irma Gillberg-Hjelt', 'Carl Pettersson', 'Kati Riikonen', 'Juha Volotinen', 'other candidates', 'Additional information', 'B. DOCUMENTS', 'record date', 'strong identification', 'statutory representative', 'proxy representative', 'mobile certificates', 'Meeting fees', 'email meeting', 'written questions', 'Vice Chairperson', 'C. INSTRUCTIONS', 'Electronic registration', ""shareholders' register"", 'Tuesday 10 December', 'votes Advertisement', 'omasp.fi', 'present members', 'A. MATTERS', '00100 Helsinki', '9.35 A', '20 December', '2 December', '13 NOVEMBER', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', 'reception', 'people', 'distribution', 'Refreshments', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'writing', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolution', 'remuneration', 'Directors', 'Company', 'obligation', 'shares', 'price', 'number', 'increase', 'consent', 'prerequisite', 'FIN-FSA', 'objections', 'close', 'nominees', 'relationship', 'website', 'Closing', 'proposals', 'decisions', 'PARTICIPANTS', '27 November', 'right', '14 November', '9:00 am', 'intention', 'Swedish', '13.00', '12.00', '4.00']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,manilatimes.net
46976,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2024/11/13/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/corrected-oma-savings-bank-plcs-notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting/2003462,CORRECTED: Oma Savings Bank Plc's Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting,The date on which holders of nominee registered shares must be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest in order to participate in the General Meeting has been corrected in the content of the ...,"OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  13 NOVEMBER 2024 AT 13.40 PM EET  NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGCORRECTED: Oma Savings Bank Plc's Notice of Extraordinary General MeetingCORRECTION: This release corrects a release published on 13 November 2024 at 9.35 a.m. EET. The date on which holders of nominee registered shares must be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest in order to participate in the General Meeting has been corrected in the content of the release in Finnish and English. The corrected date is 5 December at 10.00 am at the latest.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyAdvertisementNOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Oma Savings Bank Plc are invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Tuesday 10 December 2024 at 13.00 p.m. at Pikku-Finlandia  Honka hall  Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The reception of people who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will begin at 12.00 noon. Refreshments will be served before the meeting.Shareholders may also ask questions referred to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act on matters to be discussed at the meeting in writing prior to the meeting. Instructions for asking written questions are set out in Part C of this General Meeting Notices.AdvertisementA. MATTERS OF THE AGENDA1. Opening of the meetingAdvertisement2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of voteAdvertisement4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesAdvertisement6. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors remain unchanged:Annual fees:Chairperson EUR 72 000Vice Chairperson EUR 54 000Member EUR 36 000 AdvertisementMeeting fees:EUR 1 000 per meetingEUR 500 / email meeting and/or committee meetingDue to the Company's exceptional situation  the Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes to remove until further notice the obligation required to receive and pay a fixed annual fee  according to which a member of the Board of Directors has had to commit to acquiring shares in OmaSp on a regulated market (Nasdaq Helsinki Oy) at a price formed in public trading with 40% of its fixed annual fee.7. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight (8)  i.e. an increase of one.8. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes that the present members of the Board of Directors Aki Jaskari  Jaakko Ossa  and Jaana Sandström having given their consent  shall be re-elected and as a new Board member shall be elected Juhana Brotherus  Irma Gillberg-Hjelt  Carl Pettersson  Kati Riikonen and Juha Volotinen. A prerequisite for the elections is that the Finnish Supervisory Authority (FIN-FSA) has no objections to the elections.All other candidates except Carl Pettersson are proposed to be elected for a term starting at the Extraordinary General Meeting of 2024 and ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting of 2025. Carl Pettersson's term begins 1 January 2025.All nominees have given their consent to the election. At the time of election  all proposed nominees are independent in their relationship with the Company and its significant shareholders.Additional information on the members of the Board of Directors is available on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary.9. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS FOR THE GENERAL MEETINGThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Oma savings Bank Plc's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 20 December 2024.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerA shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting on 27 November 2024 in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholder's register of the Company.Registration for the General Meeting begins on 14 November 2024 at 9:00 am. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the Company's register of shareholders and who wish to participate in the General Meeting must register their intention to attend by 4.00 pm. on 2 December 2024  at the latest.Participants can register for the General Meeting:a) through the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary; Electronic registration requires the strong identification of a shareholder or his/her statutory representative or proxy representative with Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank codes or mobile certificates.b) by e-mail to Innovatics Ltd at [email protected]. The registered shareholder must include in the message on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary available registration form or similar information.c) by letter to Innovatics Ltd at Innovatics Ltd  GM / Oma Savings Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki. The registered shareholder must include in the message on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary available registration form or similar information.d) by phone to Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.In connection with the registration  the shareholder must provide the requested information:his/her name and personal identification code or business ID telephone number and/or email address name of the possible assistant or proxy representative and date of birth of the agentThe personal details that shareholders give to Oma Savings Bank Plc will only be used for purposes associated with the General Meeting and processing the relevant registrations.The shareholder  his/her authorised representative or proxy representative  shall on demand be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation.Further information related to the registration is available by phone during the registration period of the General Meeting at the phone number of Innovatics Ltd. +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.2. Owners of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the General Meeting 27 November 2024 would be entitled to be registered in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Participation also requires that the shareholder has been entered in the Company's temporary register of shareholders  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the basis of such shares by 5 December 2024 at 10.00 am at the latest. In the case of nominee registered shares  this is considered to be registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Owners of nominee registered shares are advised in good time to request their custodian bank for the necessary instructions on being entered into the temporary register of shareholders  the granting of powers of attorney and registration for the General Meeting. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares who wants to participate in the General Meeting into the Company's temporary register of shareholders at the latest by the above-mentioned time. More information on the matter is also available on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary.3. Representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights through a representative. Shareholder's representative must identify himself/herself to the electronic registration service with a strong identification  after which he/she can make the registration on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents. A shareholder's proxy representative must present a dated proxy or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting shall present a dated power of attorney or demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder in some other reliable way. If a shareholder is represented by more than one representative at the General Meeting  each of whom represents the shareholder with shares by the shareholder in different book-entry accounts  the shares by held which each representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible powers of attorney are requested to be delivered before the end of the registration period primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to [email protected] or by letter to Innovatics Ltd  GM / Oma Savings Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy representative shall arrange for registration at the General Meeting as described above in this notice.As an alternative to the traditional power of attorney  community owners may use the electronic authorisation service for authorising the representative. The representative is appointed on the suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation matter ""Representation at the General Meeting”). At the General Meeting Service  the delegate must identify himself/herself with a strong electronic identification when registering  and then the electronic authorisation is automatically verified. Strong electronic identification occurs with bank IDs or mobile certificate. More information about electronic authorisation is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.A model of the power of attorney is available on the Company's website https://www.omasp.fi/general-meeting/year-2024/extraordinary.4. Other instructions/informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders present at the Extraordinary General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Shareholders may submit questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act on matters to be discussed at the meeting until 2 December 2024 also by email to [email protected] or by letter to Oma Savings Bank Plc  Legal Affairs  Kluuvikatu 3  6th floor  00100 Helsinki. The management of the Company will respond to such questions submitted in advance in writing at the General Meeting. At the time of asking a question  the shareholder shall provide an adequate explanation of his/her shareholding.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.Oma Savings Bank Plc has a total of 33 275 237 shares  which represent the same number of votes  on the date of the meeting notice  13 November 2024. The Company directly holds a total of 136 647 of the Company's own shares  which cannot be used to vote at the General meeting.Oma Savings Bank PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Hanna Sirkiä  CLO  tel. +358 44 022 4604  [email protected]Additional information and interview requests for media:Minna Sillanpää  CCO  tel. +358 50 66592  [email protected]DISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdMajor mediawww.omasp.fiOmaSp is a solvent and profitable Finnish bank. About 500 professionals provide nationwide services through OmaSp's 47 branch offices and digital service channels to over 200 000 private and corporate customers. OmaSp focuses primarily on retail banking operations and provides its clients with a broad range of banking services both through its own balance sheet as well as by acting as an intermediary for its partners' products. The intermediated products include credit  investment and loan insurance products. OmaSp is also engaged in mortgage banking operations.OmaSp core idea is to provide personal service and to be local and close to its customers  both in digital and traditional channels. OmaSp strives to offer premium level customer experience through personal service and easy accessibility. In addition  the development of the operations and services is customer-oriented. The personnel is committed and OmaSp seeks to support their career development with versatile tasks and continuous development. A substantial part of the personnel also own shares in OmaSp.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Oma Savings Bank Plc', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Notice', 'OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Committee"", ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Jaana Sandström', 'Finnish Supervisory Authority', 'fixed annual fee', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'nominee registered shares', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'General Meeting Notices', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new Board member', 'committee meeting', 'Advertisement A. MATTERS', 'Annual fees', 'significant shareholders', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Honka hall', 'voting tickets', 'Part C', 'exceptional situation', 'regulated market', 'public trading', 'Aki Jaskari', 'Jaakko Ossa', 'Juhana Brotherus', 'Irma Gillberg-Hjelt', 'Carl Pettersson', 'Kati Riikonen', 'Juha Volotinen', 'other candidates', 'Additional information', 'B. DOCUMENTS', 'Meeting fees', 'email meeting', '13.40 PM EET', 'written questions', 'Vice Chairperson', 'C. INSTRUCTIONS', ""shareholders' register"", 'Tuesday 10 December', 'record date', 'present members', 'omasp.fi', '9.35 a', '00100 Helsinki', '5 December', '6,000 Advertisement', '20 December', '13 NOVEMBER', 'CORRECTION', 'order', 'content', 'English', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', 'reception', 'people', 'distribution', '12.00 noon', 'Refreshments', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'writing', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'vote', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolution', 'remuneration', 'Directors', 'Company', 'obligation', 'price', 'number', 'increase', 'consent', 'prerequisite', 'FIN-FSA', 'objections', 'close', 'nominees', 'relationship', 'website', 'Closing', 'proposals', 'decisions', 'PARTICIPANTS', '27 November', 'right', 'Registration', '14 November', '10.00', '13.00', '9:00']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,manilatimes.net
46977,Clearstream,Bing API,https://news.bloomberglaw.com/litigation/clearstream-stalls-1-7-billion-beirut-bombing-victims-judgement,Clearstream Stalls $1.7 Billion Beirut Bombing Victims Judgement,Victims of the 1983 bombing of the US Marine barracks in Beirut  Lebanon  are headed back to a federal district court to show that they are entitled to collect $1.7 billion dollars held by Clearstream Banking in Luxembourg.,Victims of the 1983 bombing of the US Marine barracks in Beirut  Lebanon  are headed back to a federal district court to show that they are entitled to collect $1.7 billion dollars held by Clearstream Banking in Luxembourg.The district court previously granted the victims summary judgment on their claim to the money  but the lower court erred by not applying New York law to determine ownership of the funds  said Judge Robert D. Sack in an opinion Wednesday for the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.Bank Markazi is the Central Bank of Iran and it held ...,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Beirut Bombing Victims Judgement', 'Clearstream Stalls', 'Judge Robert D. Sack', 'New York law', 'US Marine barracks', 'federal district court', 'US Court', 'lower court', '$1.7 billion dollars', 'Clearstream Banking', 'summary judgment', 'Second Circuit', 'Bank Markazi', 'Central Bank', 'Victims', '1983 bombing', 'Beirut', 'Lebanon', 'Luxembourg', 'claim', 'money', 'ownership', 'funds', 'opinion', 'Appeals', 'Iran']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,news.bloomberglaw.com
46978,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/thought-leadership/after-its-successful-start-home-market-settlement-prepares-for-further-expansion/,After its successful start  Home Market Settlement prepares for further expansion,Eurex’s Home Market Settlement service for single stock derivatives demonstrated its success soon after launching on 23 September  evidenced by the trading volumes settled in its inaugural week. Volumes have since increased and are expected to rise as additional banks onboard to the service.,The fundamental principle of the Home Market Settlement is that single stock derivatives traders can now settle physical deliveries directly at the ESES CSDs — Euroclear France  Euroclear Belgium  and Euroclear Nederland. The previous market structure meant settling at Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (CBF)  a setup requiring clients to move assets from their domestic CSD to CBF for settlement. This involved manual input  costing time and money  as well as carrying a heightened risk of settlement delays and failures due to the higher level of delivery instructions needed in the settlement chain. By enhancing this settlement infrastructure  Eurex created significant operational efficiencies for traders on the continent.“The Home Market Settlement service avails settlement of physical deliveries at Euroclear Belgium  France and the Netherlands ” says Alexandra Roche  Product Manager  Citi. “This eliminates the need to realign positions from the local market to CBF and  in turn  improves settlement efficiency.”“Given the potential reduction in risk of settlement delays and decrease in settlement costs  Citi was one of the first to offer this service to clients. Our clients have observed increased efficiencies in the settlement process and improved risk management on the back of a decrease in buy-in risk and pilfering risk from their omnibus structure.”Simplifying vol strategyHome market settlement promises efficiencies across the European single stock derivatives market. One area where this new structure promises particularly notable efficiencies is option volatility strategies. These involve a trader buying or selling an option while selling or buying the underlying stock.Termed a ‘delta neutral trade ’ the option’s delta for a call can range from 0 to 1. Traders need to short an equivalent number of stocks to balance the overall option’s delta. The option’s price movements then track the underlying stock movements.Traditionally  banks have executed this trade using the OTC market through a back-to-back transaction with another broker — receiving the trade’s cash leg after trading the option. However  this strategy creates counterparty risk.Eurex offers a fully listed alternative for option volatility strategies. Now  traders can execute a standard option and a same-day expiring single stock future as one trade on the venue. As the future expires on the evening of the transaction  the trader can then take delivery of the underlying stock on the same day.Under the new Home Market Settlement regime  traders can now achieve further efficiencies by directly delivering the underlying stock to their preferred CSD.Next StepsThe number of member banks in the pipeline for Home Market Settlement is growing  with more and more firms preparing for onboarding to the service in the coming weeks and months.However  momentum is set to build beyond that  as Eurex plans to expand the service to cover Italy  allowing for physical delivery at its domestic CSD.As Eurex continues to spread Home Market Settlement across the continent  more traders will reap the benefits of this evolution in market structure.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.18,0.51,True,English,"['Home Market Settlement', 'successful start', 'expansion', 'same-day expiring single stock future', 'European single stock derivatives market', 'new Home Market Settlement regime', 'The Home Market Settlement service', 'single stock derivatives traders', 'Clearstream Banking Frankfurt', 'previous market structure', 'underlying stock movements', 'Simplifying vol strategy', 'option volatility strategies', 'significant operational efficiencies', 'delta neutral trade', 'new structure', 'local market', 'OTC market', 'settlement delays', 'settlement chain', 'settlement infrastructure', 'settlement efficiency', 'settlement costs', 'settlement process', 'price movements', 'omnibus structure', 'fundamental principle', 'physical deliveries', 'ESES CSDs', 'Euroclear Belgium', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'domestic CSD', 'manual input', 'higher level', 'Alexandra Roche', 'Product Manager', 'potential reduction', 'One area', 'same day', 'preferred CSD', 'Next Steps', 'coming weeks', 'overall option', 'standard option', 'one trade', 'heightened risk', 'delivery instructions', 'risk management', 'pilfering risk', 'counterparty risk', 'physical delivery', 'notable efficiencies', 'Euroclear France', 'equivalent number', 'member banks', 'back transaction', 'CBF', 'setup', 'clients', 'assets', 'time', 'money', 'failures', 'Eurex', 'continent', 'Netherlands', 'Citi.', 'need', 'positions', 'turn', 'decrease', 'buy', 'call', 'stocks', 'broker', 'cash', 'leg', 'alternative', 'venue', 'evening', 'pipeline', 'firms', 'months', 'momentum', 'Italy', 'benefits', 'evolution']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,thetradenews.com
46979,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/eurex-still-waiting-right-conditions-launch-eu-bond-futures-2024-11-13/,Eurex still waiting for right conditions to launch EU bond futures,LONDON  Nov 13 (Reuters) - Deutsche Boerse's Eurex exchange still needs to see the right conditions to launch a futures contract linked to European Union bonds  it said on Wednesday  in another setback for the bloc's aim to become a borrower on a par with ...,LONDON  Nov 13 (Reuters) - Deutsche Boerse's Eurex exchange still needs to see the right conditions to launch a futures contract linked to European Union bonds  it said on Wednesday  in another setback for the bloc's aim to become a borrower on a par with ...,neutral,0.11,0.84,0.05,neutral,0.23,0.68,0.09,True,English,"['EU bond futures', 'right conditions', 'Eurex', 'European Union bonds', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex exchange', 'right conditions', 'futures contract', 'LONDON', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'setback', 'bloc', 'aim', 'borrower', 'par']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,reuters.com
46980,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/total-return-deutsche-b-rse-061129369.html,The total return for Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) investors has risen faster than earnings growth over the last five years,Generally speaking the aim of active stock picking is to find companies that provide returns that are superior to,Generally speaking the aim of active stock picking is to find companies that provide returns that are superior to the market average. And in our experience  buying the right stocks can give your wealth a significant boost. To wit  the Deutsche Börse share price has climbed 52% in five years  easily topping the market decline of 4.6% (ignoring dividends). On the other hand  the more recent gains haven't been so impressive  with shareholders gaining just 28%  including dividends.Since the long term performance has been good but there's been a recent pullback of 3.6%  let's check if the fundamentals match the share price.View our latest analysis for Deutsche BörseWhile markets are a powerful pricing mechanism  share prices reflect investor sentiment  not just underlying business performance. One way to examine how market sentiment has changed over time is to look at the interaction between a company's share price and its earnings per share (EPS).During five years of share price growth  Deutsche Börse achieved compound earnings per share (EPS) growth of 15% per year. This EPS growth is higher than the 9% average annual increase in the share price. So it seems the market isn't so enthusiastic about the stock these days.The image below shows how EPS has tracked over time (if you click on the image you can see greater detail).We know that Deutsche Börse has improved its bottom line lately  but is it going to grow revenue? If you're interested  you could check this free report showing consensus revenue forecasts.What About Dividends?As well as measuring the share price return  investors should also consider the total shareholder return (TSR). The TSR incorporates the value of any spin-offs or discounted capital raisings  along with any dividends  based on the assumption that the dividends are reinvested. So for companies that pay a generous dividend  the TSR is often a lot higher than the share price return. As it happens  Deutsche Börse's TSR for the last 5 years was 68%  which exceeds the share price return mentioned earlier. The dividends paid by the company have thusly boosted the total shareholder return.A Different PerspectiveIt's good to see that Deutsche Börse has rewarded shareholders with a total shareholder return of 28% in the last twelve months. And that does include the dividend. Since the one-year TSR is better than the five-year TSR (the latter coming in at 11% per year)  it would seem that the stock's performance has improved in recent times. In the best case scenario  this may hint at some real business momentum  implying that now could be a great time to delve deeper. While it is well worth considering the different impacts that market conditions can have on the share price  there are other factors that are even more important. For instance  we've identified 1 warning sign for Deutsche Börse that you should be aware of.Story Continues,neutral,0.43,0.57,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.12,0.54,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'last five years', 'total return', 'DB1) investors', 'earnings growth', 'ETR', 'Deutsche Börse share price', 'powerful pricing mechanism', 'total shareholder return', 'best case scenario', 'real business momentum', 'last twelve months', 'long term performance', 'underlying business performance', 'share price return', '9% average annual increase', 'consensus revenue forecasts', 'active stock picking', 'share price growth', 'last 5 years', 'share prices', 'right stocks', 'significant boost', 'five years', 'other hand', 'recent gains', 'recent pullback', 'latest analysis', 'investor sentiment', 'One way', 'greater detail', 'bottom line', 'free report', 'capital raisings', 'Different Perspective', 'recent times', 'different impacts', 'other factors', '1 warning sign', 'EPS) growth', 'EPS growth', 'market decline', 'market sentiment', 'market conditions', 'compound earnings', 'The TSR', 'generous dividend', 'one-year TSR', 'five-year TSR', 'great time', 'aim', 'companies', 'returns', 'experience', 'wealth', 'dividends', 'shareholders', 'fundamentals', 'markets', 'interaction', 'company', 'image', 'investors', 'value', 'spin-offs', 'discounted', 'assumption', 'instance', 'Story']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,finance.yahoo.com
46981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/fdj-announces-its-first-bond-issue-93CH-3715590,FDJ Announces Its First Bond Issue By Investing.com,FDJ Announces Its First Bond Issue,BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:La FranÃ§aise des Jeux (FDJ)  one of Europe's leading betting and gaming operators  will meet investors over the next days with a view to launching its first bond issue  subject to market conditions.FDJ recall that  on 7 November  Moody's (NYSE: ) assigned the Group a long-term credit rating of Baa1 - stable outlook.With a total value of €1.5 billion  in 3 tranches with maturity of 6  9 and 12 years  the bond issue would be used to refinance most of the €2 billion bridging loan  drawn on 7 October to finance the acquisition of Kindred shares for nearly €2.5 billion. The bonds will be listed on the Euronext (EPA: ) regulated market in Paris.Furthermore  FDJ is finalising a €400 million syndicated loan with top-tier French and international banks  which will be repaid over 5 years. This financing is also intended to repay the bridging loan which will be settled with Group's cash.DisclaimerThis press release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.About FDJ GroupFDJ Group is one of Europe's leading betting and gaming operators  with a vast portfolio of iconic brands and a reputation for technological excellence. With almost 6 000 employees and a presence in around 15 regulated markets in Europe  the Group offers a diversified  responsible range of games  both under exclusive rights and open to competition: lottery games in France and Ireland  via an extensive point-of-sale network and online; sports betting at points of sale in France; and online games open to competition (sports and horse-race betting  poker and online casino games  in markets where these activities are authorised). The FDJ Group has placed responsibility at the heart of its strategy and promotes recreational betting. FDJ Group is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A “ FDJ.PA) and is part of the   Euronext 100  Euronext Vigeo 20  EN EZ ESG L 80  STOXX Europe 600  and Euro indices.For more information  visit www.groupefdj.com@FDJ FDJ @FDJ_official @FDJView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20241112009766/en/Media Contact01 41 10 33 82 | servicedepresse@lfdj.comInvestor Relations Contact01 41 04 19 74 | invest@lfdj.comSource: FDJ,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['First Bond Issue', 'FDJ', 'Investing', 'La FranÃ§aise des Jeux', 'EN EZ ESG L', 'long-term credit rating', '€400 million syndicated loan', 'Investor Relations Contact', '€2 billion bridging loan', 'first bond issue', 'online casino games', 'View source version', 'The FDJ Group', 'online games', 'Media Contact', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'leading betting', 'gaming operators', 'next days', 'market conditions', 'stable outlook', 'total value', 'Kindred shares', 'regulated market', 'top-tier French', 'international banks', 'press release', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'vast portfolio', 'iconic brands', 'technological excellence', 'responsible range', 'exclusive rights', 'lottery games', 'extensive point', 'horse-race betting', 'recreational betting', 'Compartment A', 'Euro indices', 'Regulatory News', 'sale network', 'sports betting', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'STOXX Europe', 'FDJ FDJ', 'Euronext Paris', 'FDJ.', 'markets', 'BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT', 'France', 'investors', '7 November', 'Moody', 'NYSE', 'Baa1', '3 tranches', 'maturity', '12 years', '7 October', 'acquisition', 'bonds', 'EPA', '5 years', 'financing', 'cash', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'reputation', '6,000 employees', 'presence', 'competition', 'Ireland', 'points', 'poker', 'activities', 'responsibility', 'heart', 'strategy', 'information', 'groupefdj', 'FDJ_official', 'businesswire', 'servicedepresse', 'lfdj', '6, 9']",2024-11-12,2024-11-13,investing.com
46982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.antaranews.com/news/334005/medidata-and-bioforum-bolster-decade-long-relationship-to-advance-clinical-data-and-biometric-solutions-for-clinical-trials,Medidata and Bioforum Bolster Decade-Long Relationship to Advance Clinical Data and Biometric Solutions for Clinical Trials,- Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes brand and leading provider of clinical trial solutions to the life sciences industry  today announced a new enterprise ...,Medidata and Bioforum Bolster Decade-Long Relationship to Advance Clinical Data and Biometric Solutions for Clinical TrialsExpanded collaboration leverages Clinical Data Studio and AI-driven biometrics to deliver high-quality  efficient data services for Bioforum’s clientsLondon--(ANTARA/Business Wire)-- Medidata   a Dassault Systèmes brand and leading provider of clinical trial solutions to the life sciences industry  today announced a new enterprise agreement with Bioforum  a biometrics CRO that serves clinical trial sponsors worldwide.“With our team of experts  industry-leading biometric services  and proprietary technology  Bioforum empowers sponsors to seamlessly manage their clinical data in one place and ensure it’s secure  accurate  and ready for analysis ” said Amir Malka  CEO and co-founder of Bioforum. “We’re excited to be strengthening our alliance with Medidata and  together  providing our customers with the adaptability and advanced solutions they need to thrive.”“Our expanded partnership with Bioforum brings AI-driven clinical trial management to agile biotech start-ups  accelerating their path to market ” said Janet Butler  executive vice president  head of global sales  Medidata. “By harnessing our Patient Data Surveillance and RBQM platforms  we’re delivering improved operational efficiency for Bioforum and seamless  high-quality data access for their clients.”Bioforum will sponsor Medidata’s upcoming NEXT New York   a leading clinical trials conference hosted by the company  scheduled for November 13 to 14 in New York City.About MedidataMedidata is powering smarter treatments and healthier people through digital solutions to support clinical trials. Celebrating 25 years of ground-breaking technological innovation across more than 34 000 trials and 10 million patients  Medidata offers industry-leading expertise  analytics-powered insights  and the largest patient-level historical clinical trial data set in the world. More than 1 million registered users across approximately 2 200 customers trust Medidata’s seamless  end-to-end platform to improve patient experiences  accelerate clinical breakthroughs  and bring therapies to market faster. A Dassault Systèmes brand (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  Medidata is headquartered in New York City and has been recognized as a Leader by Everest Group and IDC. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @Medidata.About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all – consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Use of any Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries trademarks is subject to their express written approval.About Bioforum the Data MastersBioforum the Data Masters is a leading global clinical research organization (CRO) that specializes in biometric services and solutions for the pharmaceutical  biotech and medical device industries. With a team of experienced professionals and state-of-the-art technology  Bioforum provides a range of services including data management  biostatistics  statistical programming and medical writing to help companies bring new drugs and therapies to market faster. To learn more about us and our services  visit www.bioforumgroup.com or find us on LinkedIn at https://il.linkedin.com/company/bioforum-ltdView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20241112963841/en/ContactsMedidata PRAnalyst RelationsSource: MedidataReporter: PR WireEditor: PR WireCopyright © ANTARA 2024,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Bioforum Bolster Decade-Long Relationship', 'Clinical Data', 'Biometric Solutions', 'Clinical Trials', 'Medidata', 'Advance', 'largest patient-level historical clinical trial data', 'leading global clinical research organization', 'A Dassault Systèmes brand', 'Medidata PR Analyst Relations Source', 'seamless, high-quality data access', 'upcoming NEXT New York', 'Bioforum Bolster Decade-Long Relationship', 'high-quality, efficient data services', 'AI-driven clinical trial management', 'leading clinical trials conference', 'New York City', 'Clinical Data Studio', 'clinical trial solutions', 'clinical trial sponsors', 'life sciences industry', 'new enterprise agreement', 'executive vice president', 'ground-breaking technological innovation', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'express written approval', 'PR Wire Editor', 'Patient Data Surveillance', 'virtual twin experiences', 'agile biotech start-ups', '1 million registered users', 'medical device industries', 'industry-leading biometric services', 'data management', 'leading provider', 'global sales', 'source version', 'clinical breakthroughs', 'AI-driven biometrics', 'patient experiences', 'Data Masters', 'new drugs', 'industry-leading expertise', 'medical writing', 'Biometric Solutions', 'ANTARA/Business Wire', 'registered trademarks', 'Expanded collaboration', 'one place', 'Amir Malka', 'advanced solutions', 'Janet Butler', 'RBQM platforms', 'operational efficiency', 'smarter treatments', 'digital solutions', '10 million patients', 'analytics-powered insights', 'end platform', 'Euronext Paris', 'Everest Group', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'Experience Economy', 'human-centered economy', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'Societas Europaea', 'French law', 'Versailles trade', 'United States', 'respective owners', 'experienced professionals', 'commercial trademarks', 'other trademarks', 'biometrics CRO', 'proprietary technology', 'healthier people', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', '3DS logo', 'European company', 'other countries', 'Medidata Reporter', 'real world', '34,000 trials', '150 countries', 'clients', 'London', 'team', 'experts', 'analysis', 'CEO', 'founder', 'alliance', 'customers', 'adaptability', 'partnership', 'path', 'market', 'head', 'November', '25 years', 'More', 'therapies', 'DSY', 'Leader', 'IDC', 'catalyst', 'applications', 'creation', 'production', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'citizens', 'value', 'sizes', 'information', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'OUTSCALE', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'companies', 'registry', 'number', 'subsidiaries', 'range', 'biostatistics', 'statistical', 'programming', 'bioforumgroup', 'LinkedIn', 'businesswire', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Copyright', '©']",2024-11-12,2024-11-13,en.antaranews.com
46983,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/healthequity-announces-retirement-ceo-jon-210000071.html,HealthEquity Announces Retirement of CEO Jon Kessler; Scott Cutler Appointed Successor,"HealthEquity  Inc. (NASDAQ: HQY) (“HealthEquity” or the “Company”)  the nation’s largest health savings account (“HSA"") custodian  today announced that after leading the company for more than 15 years ","HealthEquity  Inc.DRAPER  Utah  Nov. 12  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- HealthEquity  Inc. (NASDAQ: HQY) (“HealthEquity” or the “Company”)  the nation’s largest health savings account (“HSA"") custodian  today announced that after leading the company for more than 15 years  Jon Kessler  President and Chief Executive Officer  has decided to retire effective January 6  2025. Mr. Kessler will remain a director and act a special advisor to the Company through April 30  2025. To succeed Mr. Kessler  the Company announced the appointment of Scott Cutler  who will join HealthEquity as President and CEO and as a director effective January 6  2025.HealthEquity management will host a conference call for investors on Tuesday  November 12  2024  at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time during which management will discuss the transition and succession plan.“HealthEquity’s strengths and the Board’s thorough planning enabled me to make this decision now ” said Kessler. “Team purple is the acknowledged HSA market leader with a deep bench of talent  full pipeline of innovation  and the financial resources to realize its vision of HSAs being as widespread as retirement accounts by 2030. I expect to marvel at the team’s future accomplishments just as I have over the last fifteen years  while investing more time in my family  including my new granddaughter.”“I could not have asked for a better partner to lead our company ” said Steve Neeleman  Vice Chair and Founder of HealthEquity. “We wish Jon and his family health and happiness in their adventures together.”Commenting on the succession  Robert Selander  Chairman of the board of directors said  “After an extensive and rigorous nationwide search process  we are thrilled to introduce Scott Cutler as our next CEO. Scott brings to HealthEquity a strong background in digitally driven growth and a long record of success leading high-performance teams. We believe he is exceptionally qualified to build on the Company’s established strategy and proven strengths.”Scott Cutler  age 55  has served as Chief Executive Officer of StockX LLC since June 2019. Prior to that  Mr. Cutler was the Senior Vice President  Americas at eBay Inc. from August 2017 to March 2019  President of StubHub  Inc. from April 2015 to August 2017  and an Executive Vice President of NYSE Euronext  Inc. from April 2006 to March 2015. Prior to joining NYSE Euronext  Mr. Cutler was a technology investment banker and corporate securities lawyer. Mr. Cutler serves on the board of directors of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. (NYSE: BEP) and non-profit Vibrant Emotional Health  the force behind the 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline. Mr. Cutler holds a B.S. in economics from Brigham Young University  and a J.D. from the University of California  Hastings College of the Law.Story continues",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['CEO Jon Kessler', 'Scott Cutler', 'HealthEquity', 'Retirement', 'Successor', 'Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.', 'rigorous nationwide search process', 'largest health savings account', 'non-profit Vibrant Emotional Health', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'technology investment banker', 'corporate securities lawyer', 'HSA market leader', 'last fifteen years', 'Brigham Young University', 'Senior Vice President', 'Executive Vice President', 'Vice Chair', 'HSA"") custodian', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'special advisor', 'conference call', 'thorough planning', 'deep bench', 'financial resources', 'retirement accounts', 'future accomplishments', 'new granddaughter', 'Steve Neeleman', 'Robert Selander', 'strong background', 'long record', 'high-performance teams', 'StockX LLC', 'Mr. Cutler', 'Crisis Lifeline', 'B.S.', 'J.D.', 'Hastings College', 'Mr. Kessler', 'Scott Cutler', 'NYSE Euronext', 'Eastern Time', 'succession plan', 'Team purple', 'next CEO', 'eBay Inc.', 'Jon Kessler', 'HealthEquity management', '15 years', 'DRAPER', 'Utah', 'NASDAQ', 'HQY', 'Company', 'director', 'April', 'appointment', 'investors', 'Tuesday', 'November', 'transition', 'strengths', 'Board', 'decision', 'talent', 'pipeline', 'innovation', 'vision', 'HSAs', 'family', 'Founder', 'happiness', 'adventures', 'Chairman', 'extensive', 'driven', 'growth', 'strategy', 'proven', 'June', 'Americas', 'August', 'March', 'StubHub', 'BEP', 'force', '988 Suicide', 'economics', 'California', 'Story', '4:30']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,nz.finance.yahoo.com
46984,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2024/11/14/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/phaxiam-reports-third-quarter-2024-financial-information/2003949,PHAXIAM Reports Third-Quarter 2024 Financial Information,Lyon (France)  November 13  2024  at 5:45 p.m. CET - PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Euronext: PHXM)  a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  today reports its financial results for the third quarter of 2024.,"Cash and cash equivalents of €5.7 million as of September 30  2024Execution of clinical strategy as planned  with the GLORIA global Phase II study initiation expected in the first quarter of 2025""The third quarter of 2024 was marked by the steady execution of our clinical roadmap. Our recent efforts have culminated in the U.S. FDA approval of the GLORIA Phase II study protocol  the first global bacteriophage study targeting prosthetic joint infections related to Staphylococcus aureus. We are actively working on the launch of patients recruitment for this strategic study in the first quarter of 2025  as planned. Financially  the funds raised in June 2024 have extended our cash runway until March 2025. We continue to assess new financing opportunities to further strengthen our financial structure and we remain confident in the execution of our strategy  which aims to establish PHAXIAM as a global leader in phage therapy for high value indications."" stated Thibaut du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHAXIAM.THIRD-QUARTER 2024 FINANCIAL INFORMATIONOn July 1  2024  with the settlement-delivery of a €7.8 million capital increase  PHAXIAM's cash position increased by a net €6.8 million  after deduction of associated costs.As of September 30  2024  PHAXIAM reported cash and cash equivalents of €5.7 million  compared with €1.5 million as of June 30  2024.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe Company estimates that this level of cash can fund its existing programs and expected operating expenses until March 2025. The Company is exploring all available options to extend its cash runway  including cost reduction measures  non-dilutive national and European funding  strategic and institutional investors commitments  etc.KEY MILESTONES EXPECTED IN THE NEXT 12 MONTHSAdvertisementClinical outcomes from updated compassionate real-life treatments and the PhagoDAIR pilot study  expected before the end of 2024Phase II (PHRC) study in Diabetic Foot Ulcer (DFU): first patient enrollment expected in the fourth quarter of 2024GLORIA Global Phase II study: clearance (CTA) from European and UK (MHRA) regulatory authorities to initiate patient enrollment in EuropePreliminary results from the Phase I pharmacokinetic study in endocarditis expected around mid-2025PHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comAdvertisementContactsPHAXIAM Thibaut du Fayet Advertisement CEO +33 4 78 74 44 38 [email protected] Advertisement NewCap Mathilde Bohin / Dušan Orešanský Investor Relations Arthur Rouillé Advertisement Media Relations +33 1 44 71 94 94 [email protected]AdvertisementThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical programs  development plans  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of PHAXIAM and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  ""believes”  ""anticipates”  ""expects”  ""intends”  ""plans”  ""seeks”  ""estimates”  ""may”  ""will” and ""continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHAXIAM's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Investor should carefully read the risk factors section of the Company which can be found in the Company's regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  including in the Company's 2023 Universal Registration Document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 5  2024 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. PHAXIAM disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in PHAXIAM's expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['Third-Quarter 2024 Financial Information', 'PHAXIAM Reports', 'Dušan Orešanský Investor Relations Arthur Rouillé Advertisement Media Relations', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'GLORIA global Phase II study initiation', 'PHAXIAM Thibaut du Fayet Advertisement CEO', 'GLORIA Phase II study protocol', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'Phase I pharmacokinetic study', 'first global bacteriophage study', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'PhagoDAIR pilot study', 'NEXT 12 MONTHS Advertisement', 'prosthetic joint infections', 'new financing opportunities', 'high value indications', 'Chief Executive Officer', '€7.8 million capital increase', 'cost reduction measures', 'institutional investors commitments', 'Diabetic Foot Ulcer', 'many serious infections', 'natural bacterial-killing viruses', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'NewCap Mathilde Bohin', '2024 Phase II', 'compassionate real-life treatments', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'resistant hospital-acquired infections', 'Euronext regulated market', 'risk factors section', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'first patient enrollment', 'THIRD-QUARTER 2024 FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'global leader', 'PHRC) study', 'strategic study', 'first quarter', 'financial structure', 'innovative treatments', 'third quarter', 'clinical roadmap', 'recent efforts', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'patients recruitment', 'phage therapy', 'associated costs', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'existing programs', 'operating expenses', 'available options', 'non-dilutive national', 'KEY MILESTONES', 'Clinical outcomes', 'fourth quarter', 'regulatory authorities', 'Preliminary results', 'innovative approach', 'dangerous bacteria', 'Escherichia coli', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'press release', 'clinical programs', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'various assumptions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Actual events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'regulatory filings', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'future filings', 'clinical strategy', 'regulatory strategy', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'cash position', 'European funding', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'development plans', 'future performance', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'steady execution', 'The Company', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'September', 'launch', 'funds', 'June', 'July', 'settlement-delivery', 'deduction', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'level', 'end', 'DFU', 'clearance', 'CTA', 'UK', 'MHRA', 'mid', 'phages', 'portfolio', 'two-thirds', 'Paris', 'ticker', 'PHXM', 'part', 'Contacts', 'forward', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'business', 'words', 'limitation', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'assessments', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'achievements', 'AMF', 'April', 'reports']",2024-11-14,2024-11-13,manilatimes.net
46985,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2024/11/14/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/crossjects-zeneo-auto-injectors-usability-further-demonstrated-in-extreme-hazmat-conditions/2003931,Crossject's ZENEO® Auto-Injector's usability further demonstrated in extreme HAZMAT conditions,In an earlier human factors study performed in 2022  Crossject demonstrated high usability with the ZENEO® needle-free auto-injector among 60 untrained users across four different profiles in a simulated epileptic crisis.,"Crossject successfully completes a new U.S. summative human factors study to assess the usability of ZENEO® Midazolam  soon to be commercialized globally as ZEPIZURE®  under simulated chemical attack conditions.Rigorous HAZMAT (Hazardous Materials) dry-run involved 75 participants  who deployed 375 ZENEO® Midazolam auto-injectors in challenging conditions  including while wearing protective suits  without any handling problem.Study underscores ZENEO® Midazolam's usability in extreme  high-risk scenarios. Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policyhas successfully completed a human factors study under extreme stress conditions. The test  designed to simulate a chemical attack zone or a field hospital setting  included disorienting factors such as sirens and flashlights in the dark. Study participants were equipped with HAZMAT protection  including full-body CBRN (Chemical  Biological  Radiological  Nuclear) suits and gloves covered in soap  simulating the worst-case scenario for first responders.All 75 untrained participants successfully activated the ZENEO® Midazolam on five adult or child mannequins simulating victims of a neurotoxin attack. The study results confirmed the usability of ZEPIZURE® rescue therapy  strongly indicating that the ZENEO® auto-injector is suitable for rapid  mass administration by untrained caregivers in extreme emergency conditions.AdvertisementThis study has been supported with federal funds from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA)  under contract number 75A50122C00031.""We are very pleased with the outcome of this HAZMAT study  which underscores again the exceptional usability of Crossject's ZENEO® auto-injector - even when administered en masse by untrained personnel under extreme conditions ” said Patrick Alexandre  CEO of Crossject.In an earlier human factors study performed in 2022  Crossject demonstrated high usability with the ZENEO® needle-free auto-injector among 60 untrained users across four different profiles in a simulated epileptic crisis.AdvertisementAbout CrossjectCrossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com ) is an emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform. Crossject is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract * with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). The company's versatile ZENEO® platform is designed to enable patients or untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver a broad range of emergency medicines via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The company's other products in development include mainly solutions for allergic shocks and adrenal insufficiencies  as well as therapies and other emergency indications.* Contract no: 75A50122C00031 with the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Research and Development AuthorityFor further information  please go to www.crossject.com  or contact:AdvertisementInvestors Natasha Drapeau Cohesion Bureau +41 76 823 75 27 Advertisement [email protected] Advertisement Media Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau +33 6 27 74 74 49 Advertisement [email protected]Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.24,0.39,True,English,"['extreme HAZMAT conditions', 'ZENEO® Auto-Injector', 'Crossject', 'usability', 'new U.S. summative human factors study', 'Advertisement Media Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'Investors Natasha Drapeau Cohesion Bureau', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'earlier human factors study', 'emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company', 'U.S. Department', 'ZENEO® needle-free auto-injector', 'versatile ZENEO® platform', 'field hospital setting', 'four different profiles', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'extreme, high-risk scenarios', 'advanced regulatory development', 'extreme stress conditions', 'chemical attack zone', 'simulated epileptic crisis', 'other emergency indications', '375 ZENEO® Midazolam auto-injectors', 'extreme emergency conditions', 'ZEPIZURE® rescue therapy', 'rapid, mass administration', 'chemical attack conditions', 'Biomedical Research', 'ZENEO® auto-injector', 'Human Services', 'extreme conditions', 'study results', 'HAZMAT study', 'neurotoxin attack', 'challenging conditions', 'emergency situations', 'other products', 'Study participants', 'Rigorous HAZMAT', 'Hazardous Materials', 'handling problem', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'HAZMAT protection', 'full-body CBRN', 'worst-case scenario', 'first responders', 'five adult', 'child mannequins', 'untrained caregivers', 'federal funds', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'Development Authority', 'untrained personnel', 'Patrick Alexandre', '60 untrained users', 'broad range', 'emergency medicines', 'intramuscular injection', 'bare skin', 'allergic shocks', 'adrenal insufficiencies', '75 untrained participants', 'contract number', '$60 million contract', 'protective suits', 'exceptional usability', 'high usability', 'Crossject SA', '75 participants', 'dry-run', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'disorienting', 'sirens', 'flashlights', 'dark', 'Biological', 'Radiological', 'Nuclear', 'gloves', 'soap', 'victims', 'Health', 'Response', 'BARDA', 'outcome', 'masse', 'CEO', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'patients', 'clothing', 'solutions', 'therapies', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-11-14,2024-11-13,manilatimes.net
46986,EuroNext,Bing API,https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-limmatech-announce-first-vaccination-164500880.html,Valneva and LimmaTech Announce First Vaccination in Phase 2b Human Challenge Study of Tetravalent Shigella Vaccine Candidate S4V2,Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  and LimmaTech Biologics AG  a clinical-stage biotech company developing vaccines for the prevention of life-threatening diseases ,VALNEVASaint Herblain (France) and Schlieren (Zurich)  November 13  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  and LimmaTech Biologics AG  a clinical-stage biotech company developing vaccines for the prevention of life-threatening diseases  announced today that the first participant has been vaccinated in a Phase 2b controlled human infection model (CHIM) study of Shigella4V2 (S4V2)  the world’s most clinically advanced tetravalent bioconjugate shigellosis vaccine candidate  for which Valneva obtained an exclusive worldwide license from LimmaTech1.In the CHIM study S4V03 (Identifier: NCT06615375)  S4V2 will be tested for safety and preliminary efficacy in approximately 120 healthy Shigella-naïve participants aged 18 to 50 years at three sites in the United States. The study  sponsored and conducted by LimmaTech  is a parallel-group  randomized  double-blind  multicenter  placebo-controlled study and will include two steps. In a first step  the vaccine dose will be confirmed and  in a second step  participants will be challenged with the Shigella sonnei strain 53G one month after injection of S4V2 or placebo  in order to assess the ability of S4V2 to protect against the Shigella infection. The infection rate of shigellosis caused by the Shigella sonnei strain 53G in the group vaccinated with S4V2 will then be compared to the group of participants who received placebo injections.Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Executive Officer of Valneva  commented  “Human challenge studies are unique in their ability to investigate and understand the onset and development of disease in a safe and highly controlled environment. This CHIM study forms part of our staggered and risk-mitigating development strategy for S4V2  as it should provide the first results on efficacy before potentially advancing to further CHIM and Phase 3 studies.”Dr. Patricia Martin  Chief Operating Officer of LimmaTech  stated  “The start of this trial is a significant milestone for the S4V2 program and our combined efforts with Valneva to bring an effective vaccine against shigellosis to market. Today  we are an important step closer to LimmaTech’s vision of developing vaccines to fight against serious diseases and antimicrobial resistant pathogens.”In addition to the CHIM study  LimmaTech will conduct a Phase 2 pediatric study in Low- and Middle-Income Countries expected to begin before the end of 2024. Valneva will assume all further development  including CMC (chemistry  manufacturing and controls) and regulatory activities  and be responsible for its commercialization worldwide  if approved.Last month  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Fast Track designation to S4V2  recognizing its potential to address a serious condition and fill an unmet medical need2.Story continues,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.24,0.73,True,English,"['Phase 2b Human Challenge Study', 'Tetravalent Shigella Vaccine Candidate S4V2', 'First Vaccination', 'Valneva', 'LimmaTech', 'parallel-group, randomized, double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled study', 'Phase 2b controlled human infection model', 'tetravalent bioconjugate shigellosis vaccine candidate', '120 healthy Shigella-naïve participants', 'Shigella sonnei strain 53G', 'Human challenge studies', 'Phase 2 pediatric study', 'specialty vaccine company', 'clinical-stage biotech company', 'exclusive worldwide license', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. Patricia Martin', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'antimicrobial resistant pathogens', 'U.S. Food', 'Fast Track designation', 'unmet medical need', 'CHIM study S4V03', 'risk-mitigating development strategy', 'LimmaTech Biologics AG', 'Shigella infection', 'Phase 3 studies', 'controlled environment', 'infection rate', 'vaccine dose', 'effective vaccine', 'CHIM) study', 'Saint Herblain', 'Euronext Paris', 'life-threatening diseases', 'first participant', 'to 50 years', 'three sites', 'United States', 'two steps', 'first step', 'second step', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'first results', 'significant milestone', 'important step', 'serious diseases', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'regulatory activities', 'Drug Administration', 'serious condition', 'preliminary efficacy', 'placebo injections', 'S4V2 program', 'Valneva SE', 'France', 'Schlieren', 'Zurich', 'November', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'vaccines', 'prevention', 'Shigella4V2', 'Identifier', 'safety', 'order', 'ability', 'onset', 'staggered', 'start', 'trial', 'efforts', 'market', 'vision', 'addition', 'end', 'CMC', 'chemistry', 'manufacturing', 'controls', 'commercialization', 'FDA', 'potential', 'Story', '2024']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,au.finance.yahoo.com
46987,EuroNext,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/paratus-energy-moves-to-euronext-oslo-bors-main-market-marking-a-new-chapter-in-growth-and-market-access/eu-press-release/2024/11/13/15/39/10/143932/,Paratus Energy Moves to Euronext Oslo Børs Main Market  Marking a New Chapter in Growth and Market Access,Paratus Energy has transitioned from Euronext Growth Oslo to the main market at Euronext Oslo Børs  becoming the fourth company to make this mov,(IN BRIEF) Paratus Energy has transitioned from Euronext Growth Oslo to the main market at Euronext Oslo Børs  becoming the fourth company to make this move within the year. Formerly known as Seadrill New Finance  Paratus serves as a holding company with assets including Fontis  which operates five drilling rigs  and a joint venture with Sapura overseeing six pipelay vessels. CEO Robert Jensen views the listing as a step to enhance financial strength and capital access  while Board Chair Mei Mei Chow emphasizes its role in supporting the company’s long-term growth and shareholder returns.(PRESS RELEASE) OSLO  13-Nov-2024 — /EuropaWire/ — Euronext Oslo Børs extends its congratulations to Paratus Energy (ticker: PLSV) on its successful transition from Euronext Growth Oslo to the Euronext Oslo Børs main market. This listing transfer  effective from June 2024  marks the fourth company transition within the Oslo markets this year.Formerly known as Seadrill New Finance  Paratus Energy operates as a holding company for a portfolio of energy service businesses. The company wholly owns Fontis  which manages five jack-up drilling rigs  and has a 50% ownership in the Seabras joint venture with Sapura  operating a fleet of six multipurpose pipelay support vessels. Paratus also holds a 24% share in Archer  a publicly traded oil services company in Oslo.On its first day on the main market  Paratus’s share opened at NOK 50.75  aligning with its closing price on Euronext Growth Oslo on November 12  2024  which establishes an estimated market capitalization of NOK 8.6 billion.Robert Jensen  CEO of Paratus  emphasized the significance of this milestone: “Transitioning to Euronext Oslo Børs marks a defining step for Paratus  reflecting the dedication and achievements of our entire team. Our assets have consistently delivered robust cash flows  a trend we expect to sustain with our recent contract awards. This listing strengthens our financial position  offering enhanced access to capital markets as we focus on operational excellence and long-term shareholder value.”Board Chair Mei Mei Chow highlighted the broader impact of this transition: “This listing is more than a financial milestone; it solidifies Paratus as a strong platform for sustained growth. I want to thank our management team  employees  customers  and investors  whose support has been integral to this achievement. I am proud of our progress since Paratus’s reformation and look forward to the exciting opportunities ahead.”About Paratus EnergyParatus Energy Services Ltd. (“Paratus”) is a holding company of a group of leading energy services companies. Paratus is comprised of its 50% JV interest in Seabras  100% ownership of Fontis  and a 24% equity ownership stake in Archer. Seabras is a leading subsea services company  with a fleet of six multipurpose pipelaying support vessels (PLSV) under contracts in Brazil. Fontis is an offshore drilling company with a fleet of five high-spec jack-up rigs under contracts in Mexico.About EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2024  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only and is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities. This press release is provided “as is” without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext.This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is located at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. – All rights reserved.Media Contacts:MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Europe Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.com Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Judith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97 ir@euronext.comSOURCE: Euronext,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Oslo Børs Main Market', 'Market Access', 'Paratus Energy', 'New Chapter', 'Growth', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'six multipurpose pipelaying support vessels', 'six multipurpose pipelay support vessels', 'Board Chair Mei Mei Chow', 'five high-spec jack-up rigs', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'five jack-up drilling rigs', 'leading energy services companies', 'leading subsea services company', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'six pipelay vessels', 'Paratus Energy Services Ltd', 'five drilling rigs', 'Seadrill New Finance', 'robust cash flows', 'recent contract awards', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'energy service businesses', 'offshore drilling company', 'strong diverse domestic', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'oil services company', 'long-term shareholder value', 'global capital markets', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', '24% equity ownership stake', 'CEO Robert Jensen', 'fourth company transition', 'main regulated market', 'Seabras joint venture', 'Oslo markets', 'long-term growth', 'settlement services', 'Euronext Clearing', 'main market', 'junior markets', 'shareholder returns', 'strong platform', 'sustained growth', 'sustainable growth', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'market capitalization', 'market capitalisation', 'holding company', 'derivatives markets', 'IN BRIEF', 'financial strength', 'capital access', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'successful transition', 'first day', 'closing price', 'entire team', 'financial position', 'operational excellence', 'broader impact', 'management team', 'exciting opportunities', '50% JV interest', 'European economies', 'regulated exchanges', '1,900 listed issuers', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'enhanced access', 'defining step', 'financial milestone', 'The Group', 'information purposes', 'listing transfer', '50% ownership', '100% ownership', 'move', 'year', 'assets', 'Fontis', 'Sapura', 'role', 'congratulations', 'PLSV', 'June', 'portfolio', 'fleet', '24% share', 'Archer', 'NOK', 'November', 'significance', 'Transitioning', 'dedication', 'achievements', 'trend', 'employees', 'customers', 'investors', 'progress', 'reformation', 'contracts', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'September', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'managed', 'addition', 'number', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'right', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect']",2024-11-13,2024-11-13,news.europawire.eu
