UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
18337,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse and Google Cloud advancing in digital assets – Industry roundup: 13 February: Finzly  a fintech in p… https://t.co/ao9GpLStwu,nan,Deutsche Börse and Google Cloud advancing in digital assets – Industry roundup: 13 February: Finzly  a fintech in p… https://t.co/ao9GpLStwu,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'digital assets', 'Industry roundup', 'fintech', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'digital assets', 'Industry roundup', 'fintech']",2023-02-13,2023-02-16,Unknown
18338,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Stay ahead of the curve with the latest outsourcing trends! Deutsche Boerse deepens ties with Google Cloud in this… https://t.co/GoSXGtchqP,nan,Stay ahead of the curve with the latest outsourcing trends! Deutsche Boerse deepens ties with Google Cloud in this… https://t.co/GoSXGtchqP,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['latest outsourcing trends', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'curve', 'ties', 'GoSXGtchqP', 'latest outsourcing trends', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'curve', 'ties', 'GoSXGtchqP']",2023-02-13,2023-02-16,Unknown
18420,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Shell_EUAffairs Euroclear 💶,nan,@Shell_EUAffairs Euroclear 💶,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,True,English,"['Shell_EUAffairs', 'Shell_EUAffairs']",2023-02-14,2023-02-16,Unknown
18421,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@RabinTofsla @Banqkys Apparently not  because it says they don’t need a CSD which is Euroclear’s job https://t.co/V39GXwUXGc,nan,@RabinTofsla @Banqkys Apparently not  because it says they don’t need a CSD which is Euroclear’s job https://t.co/V39GXwUXGc,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['RabinTofsla', 'Banqkys', 'CSD', 'Euroclear', 'job', 'V39GXwUXGc', 'RabinTofsla', 'Banqkys', 'CSD', 'Euroclear', 'job', 'V39GXwUXGc']",2023-02-14,2023-02-16,Unknown
18482,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-uponor-070500891.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor Corporation,Uponor Corporation  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 09:05 am EET Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor Corporation The shareholders of...,Uponor CorporationUponor Corporation  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 09:05 am EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor CorporationThe shareholders of Uponor Corporation are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  17 March 2023 at 13:00 EET at Music House (Musiikkitalo)  Paavo Hall  Mannerheimintie 13 A  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have preregistered for the general meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12:00 EET. The company's shareholders and their proxy representatives may also attend the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance.Shareholders will also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting through a webcast. The webcast starts on 17 March 2023 at 13:00 EET. Shareholders are requested to note that following the webcast is not considered as official participation in the general meeting and that it is not possible for a shareholder to exercise his/her right to request information nor exercise his/her voting rights in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act in the meeting via the webcast.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of a person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  as well as the auditor’s report and the consolidated auditor’s report for the year 2022Review of the business in 2022 by the President & CEOThe financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report and the auditor’s report will be available on the company’s website no later than 24 February 2023.Story continues7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of €0.69 per share be distributed for the financial period 2022. The dividend shall be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of €0.34 per share shall be paid to each shareholder registered as a shareholder in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on 21 March 2023. The payment date proposed by the Board to the Annual General Meeting for this instalment is 28 March 2023.The second instalment of €0.35 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to each shareholder registered as a shareholder in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 7 September 2023. The dividend record date for the second instalment would be 13 September 2023 and the dividend payment date 20 September 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President & CEO from liability for the financial period 1 January 2022 – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesRemuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on company’s webpage at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/remuneration.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the remuneration of the Board of Directors shall remain the same and that the yearly remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors shall be: €100 000 for the Chair of the Board  €58 000 for the Deputy Chair of the Board  €58 000 for the Chair of the Audit Committee  €58 000 for the Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee (only in case she/he is not the Chair of the Board as well) and €48 000 for other members of the Board. The Nomination Board proposes that approximately 40% of the remuneration shall be paid by acquiring Uponor Corporation’s shares in public trading and/or by granting Uponor Corporation’s shares held by the company and the rest shall be paid in cash or  alternatively  by paying the full remuneration in cash and obligating the Board member to use approximately 40% of such remuneration to acquire Uponor Corporation’s shares in public trading. The yearly Board remuneration shall be paid within two weeks after the publication of the company’s half-year report for January–June 2023. In case the full remuneration is paid in cash  a Board member shall make the purchase of shares within two weeks after the publication of the company’s interim report for January–-September 2023.The Nomination Board proposes that travel expenses related to Board meetings shall be paid according to the travel policy of the company.The Nomination Board further proposes that remuneration per each actual board and committee meeting (excluding decisions without a meeting) shall remain the same and remuneration amounting to €800 for meetings held at the country of residence of the member  €1 600 for meetings held elsewhere on the same continent  and €3 000 for meetings held on another continent shall be paid to the members of the Board of Directors. The remuneration paid for telephone meetings shall be the remuneration for meetings held at the country of residence of the member.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the number of Board members shall be six and  as of obtaining the approval of the supervisory authority of the credit institution with regard to the appointment of the seventh member candidate  seven. It is assumed that the approval is obtained before the Annual General Meeting.13. Election of the members and chair of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that Mr Johan Falk  Mr Markus Lengauer  Mr Michael Marchi  Ms Annika Paasikivi and Ms Susanne Skippari  currently members of the Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors  and that Mr Hans Sohlström and Ms Katja Keitaanniemi be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. The appointment of Katja Keitaanniemi is subject to the approval of the supervisory authority of the credit institution  and her term of office as member of the Board of Directors is effective as of obtaining such approval.Pia Aaltonen-Forsell had informed that she is not available for re-election.Mr Hans Sohlström (b.1964  M.Sc. (Tech.)  M.Sc. (Econ.)) has a strong track record of driving profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. Mr Sohlström was the President and CEO of Ahlstrom (prev. Ahlstrom-Munksjö Oyj) from 2018 until end of 2022. His earlier positions include being the President and CEO of Ahlström Capital between 2016–2018 and of Rettig Group Oy between 2012–2016. Prior to this  he worked in various leading positions within UPM-Kymmene Corporation between 1990–2012. Mr Sohlström is a member of the Board of Stora Enso Corporation.Ms Katja Keitaanniemi (b. 1973  Lic.Sc. (Tech.)) is currently working as CEO of OP Corporate Bank Plc and member of the Executive Management Team of OP Cooperative. Ms Keitaanniemi has a strong track record of driving for performance  profitability  and cross-border co-operation for the largest banks in Finland  Sweden and Europe. She has worked in various leading positions in the finance and banking sectors including in Finnvera plc 2014–2018  Swedbank 2010–2013  eQ Bank/Conventum 2002–2009 and Nordea Securities 2001–2002.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the general meeting. This recommendation is based on the fact that  at the company  in line with a good Nordic governance model  the Shareholders' Nomination Board is separate from the Board of Directors. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise and experience for the company  the Board diversity principles are observed  and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.The Nomination Board further proposes that the general meeting elects Ms Annika Paasikivi as the Chair of the Board.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that the remuneration to the auditor to be elected shall be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting  based on a recommendation from the Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a company of Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the auditor of the company for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that the principally responsible auditor would be Anders Lundin (APA). The Board of Directors also proposes that the general meeting request the auditor to give a statement in the auditor’s report on the adoption of the financial statements  the granting of discharge from liability and the Board of Directors’ proposal for distribution of funds.The Board of Directors notes that its recommendation is free from influence by a third party  and the Board of Directors is not subject to compliance with any such clauses referred to in Article 16(6) of the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) that would restrict the choice as regards the appointment of a statutory auditor or audit firm.16. Amendment of the charter of the Nomination BoardThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the charter of the Nomination Board is amended with respect to the following sections:Resignation of a member of the Nomination Board in case the shareholding decreases significantlyRight of a holder of nominee-registered shares to appoint a member to the Nomination BoardDecision-making of the Nomination Board when unanimity cannot be reachedConvening of the meetings and the way to hold meetingsMaking amendments to the charterThe proposal for amended charter is available on the company’s webpage at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.17. Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 8 of the articles of association is amended to correspond to the responsibility for the auditor oversight stipulated in the amended Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015). In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):8 § AuditorsThe company has one auditor  which shall be an auditing agency registered in the official register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office.The term of the auditor shall end at the closing of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.The Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 9 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to holding the meeting in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa as currently provided in the articles of association. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the wording regarding publishing the time and place of the meeting of shareholders and the address of the company website in one or more newspapers is changed from “shall advertise” to “may advertise”. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):9 § Notice of a meeting of shareholdersThe notice of a meeting of shareholders shall be served by the Board of Directors. The notice of a meeting of shareholders shall be advertised on the company website no earlier than two (2) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  and it shall not be served later than nine (9) days prior to the record date of the meeting. In addition  the company may advertise the time and place of the meeting of shareholders and the address of the company website in one or more newspapers.In order to be entitled to participate in a general meeting  the shareholders shall notify the company of their attendance by the date indicated in the notice of the meeting which cannot be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting. Since the shares of the company are registered in the book entry securities system  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the entitlement to attend the general meeting of shareholders must be taken into account.The general meeting of shareholders can be held in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.The Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 10 of the articles of association is amended to include resolving upon  in addition to the items that currently appear from Article 10  the remuneration policy  when necessary  and the adoption of the remuneration report. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):10 § The Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of shareholders shall be held by the end of June each year.In the meeting the following shall be:handled1. the financial statements  including consolidated financial statement  the annual report;2. the auditor's report;resolved upon3. the adoption of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet;5. the granting of discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director;6. the adoption of remuneration policy  when necessary;7. the adoption of the remuneration report;8. remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors;9. number of the members of the Board of Directors;elected10. members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of Directors;11. the auditor.It is proposed that the articles of association will otherwise remain unchanged.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own shares  in one or several instalments  using funds from unrestricted equity as follows:The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 7 200 000 of the company’s own shares amounting in total to approximately 9.8 per cent of the total number of shares in the company at the date of the general meeting.The Board of Directors shall resolve how the shares shall be repurchased. Shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase). The company’s own shares may be repurchased at a price quoted at the time of the repurchase through public trading in regulated market or at a price otherwise formed in the markets.Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorisation in order to finance and carry out acquisitions or other business transactions  in order to develop the company's capital structure  to improve the liquidity of the company's shares  to be granted for other purposes or to be cancelled.This authorisation will revoke the earlier authorisation granted by the general meeting on 15 March 2022 to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own shares.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual general meeting  however  no longer than 18 months from the date of the general meeting.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on issuing new shares or transferring the company’s own shares on one or more occasion as follows:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is entitled to resolve on issuing a maximum of 7 200 000 new shares or transferring the company’s own shares  amounting in total to approximately 9.8 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on all terms of the issuance of shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorisation includes the possibility to issue own shares to the company for free.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive plans or for other purposes as resolved by the Board of Directors.This authorisation will revoke the earlier authorisation granted by the general meeting on 15 March 2022 to resolve on the issuance of shares.This authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual general meeting  however  no longer than 18 months from the date of the general meeting.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThe above-mentioned resolution proposals relating to the agenda of the general meeting  the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies  the proposal for amended charter of the Nomination Board  as well as this notice are available on Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023. Uponor Corporation’s financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the company’s website no later than 24 February 2023. The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the general meeting. Copies of these documents will be sent to a shareholder upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the company's website no later than 31 March 2023.No separate invitation to the Annual General Meeting will be sent.C. Instructions for the participants of the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder  who on the record date of the general meeting  7 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Registration and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023 at 10:00 EET. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Friday  10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:- via Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 - by telephone +358 010 2818 909 on weekdays at 9–12 EET and 13–16 EET - by email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information to agm@innovatics.fi  or- by mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.The shareholder  his/her legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of any shares that would entitle him/her to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the general meeting  i.e.  7 March 2023. The right to participate in the general meeting also requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been registered in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 14 March 2023 at 10:00 EET. This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request from his/her custodian bank  without delay  any necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  as well as the registration for the general meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company by the above-mentioned date at the latest  i.e.  14 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 as of 16 February 2023 at the latest. When registering by mail or email  a proxy representative shall deliver the duly completed and signed proxy documents together with the duly completed and signed registration and advance voting form in accordance with the instructions included in the form by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. When registering via the electronic registration and advance voting service on Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023  the proxy documents shall be attached to the service. Proxy documents should be delivered before the last date for registration (10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET)  by which time the proxy documents must be received.4. Advance votingRegistration for the general meeting and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting by voting in advance  shall register for the general meeting and vote in advance no later than Friday  10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration and votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they are present at the general meeting.With regards to a holder of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for nominee-registered shares.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 16 February 2023 – 10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET in the following ways:a) via Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023Electronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative via Finnish or Swedish online bank service or mobile certificate.One can register and vote in advance on behalf of another person or a company via proxy or by using the suomi.fi authorisation. If a proxy document is used  such document shall be attached to the service in connection with the registration and advance voting.Electronic registration and advance voting are considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting.b) by mail or email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023  or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information required for registration set out in the registration and advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions and the registration and advance voting form are available on the company's website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 as of 16 February 2023 at the latest. Further information is also available by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9–12 EET and 13–16 EET.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.On the date of release of this notice to the general meeting 15 February 2023  the total number of shares in Uponor Corporation is 73 206 944  each of which represents one vote. The total number of shares  on the date of the release  includes 530 950 shares held by Uponor Corporation  which do not have a voting right at the general meeting. Accordingly  the maximum total number of votes available at the general meeting amounts to 72 675 994. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of voting rights held in the general meeting.Shareholders also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting as a webcast. The webcast will mainly be held in Finnish and interpreted to English. Shareholders who have registered to follow the webcast will receive a link to the webcast transmission to the email address and/or telephone number provided in connection with the registration. In connection with the webcast of the Annual General Meeting  a chat function is available  through which shareholders can also submit questions during the meeting. Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting and that it is not possible for a shareholder to exercise his/her right to request information nor exercise his/her voting rights in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act in the meeting via the webcast.The voting ticket to the shareholder or proxy representative will be handed out upon registration at the general meeting.Coffee will be served after the meeting.Vantaa 15 February 2023Uponor CorporationBoard of DirectorsFranciska JanzonSenior Vice President  Corporate Communications and IRTel. +358 20 129 2821DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMediawww.uponorgroup.comUponor in briefUponor is a leading global provider of solutions that efficiently and effectively move water through cities  buildings  and homes. We help customers in residential and commercial construction  municipalities  and utilities  be more productive – and continuously find new ways to conserve  manage and provide water responsibly  unlocking its potential to provide comfort  health  and efficiency. Our safe drinking water  energy-efficient radiant heating and cooling systems  and reliable infrastructure solutions are sold in more than 80 countries. Uponor employs about 4 000 professionals in 26 countries in Europe and North America.In 2022  the company’s net sales totalled approximately €1.4 billion. Uponor Corporation is based in Finland and listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. www.uponorgroup.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Uponor Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'The Nomination Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'dividend payment date', 'yearly Board remuneration', 'The Board', 'financial period', 'yearly remuneration', 'record date', 'Uponor Corporation', 'Music House', 'Paavo Hall', 'voting tickets', 'proxy representatives', 'official participation', 'voting rights', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'consolidated auditor', 'balance sheet', 'two instalments', 'Governing Bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'public trading', 'two weeks', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'Remuneration Committee', 'full remuneration', 'Board member', 'Board meetings', 'half-year report', 'interim report', 'January–June', 'shareholder rights', 'shareholder register', 'other members', 'Remuneration Report', 'Deputy Chair', 'Directors’ report', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'March', 'Musiikkitalo', 'Mannerheimintie', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'attendees', 'distribution', '12:00 EET', 'company', 'advance', 'opportunity', 'webcast', '13:00 EET', 'information', 'accordance', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Review', 'business', 'President', 'CEO', 'website', '24 February', 'Story', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'September', 'discharge', 'liability', '31 December', 'Handling', 'webpage', 'uponorgroup', 'investors', 'case', 'shares', 'rest', 'cash', 'publication', 'purchase', '09', '05']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18483,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-kojamo-082600360.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kojamo plc,Notice is given to the shareholders of Kojamo plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EET) in...,"Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release 15 February 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET)HELSINKI  Feb. 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kojamo plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EET) in Pikku-Finlandia at Karamzininranta 4  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of participants and the distribution of ballots will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m. (EET). Shareholders and their proxy representatives may also exercise voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C: ""Instructions for participants in the Annual General Meeting"".Shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. Instructions for shareholders to view the Annual General Meeting via webcast can be found at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  ask for permission to speak  or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via the webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or as exercise of shareholders' rights under the Finnish Companies Act.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDAThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the Meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the financial year 2022The CEO's review.Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm as of 15 February 2023.7. Adoption of the Financial StatementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the Financial Statements for the financial year 2022.Story continues8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe parent company's distributable equity as at 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 251 059 319.00  of which the profit for the financial year was EUR 37 110 542.36. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.39 per share be paid from the distributable funds of Kojamo plc based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2022. Dividend shall be paid to shareholders who  on the record date of the dividend payment of 20 March 2023  are recorded in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on 5 April 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to approve the 2022 Remuneration Report for governing bodies. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on the approval of the Remuneration Report is advisory.The Remuneration Report of the company's governing bodies is available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm as of 15 February 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that members of the Board of Directors to be elected in the Annual General Meeting will be paid the following annual fees for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024:Chairman of the Board EUR 72 500Vice Chairman of the Board EUR 43 000other members of the Board EUR 36 000 andChairman of the Audit Committee EUR 43 000.The members of the Board of Directors are paid only one annual fee according to their role so that no overlapping fees will be paid. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that an attendance allowance of EUR 700 be paid for each meeting and an attendance allowance of EUR 700 be paid for Committee meetings as well. For the members of the Board of Directors or the members of the Committees who reside abroad and do not have a permanent address in Finland  the attendance allowance will be multiplied by two (EUR 1 400)  if attending the meeting requires travelling to Finland.The Nomination Board proposes the annual fee to be paid as company's shares and cash so that approximately 40 per cent of the annual fee will be paid as Kojamo plc's shares and the rest will be paid in cash. The shares will be purchased in the name and on behalf of the members of the Board of Directors. The company will pay any transaction costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares. The shares in question can't be transferred earlier than two years from the transaction or before the term of the member of the Board of Directors has ended  depending which date is earlier. The shares shall be purchased within two weeks of the publication of Kojamo plc's Interim Report for 1 January - 31 March 2023.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024  the number of the members of the Board of Directors to remain the same and to be seven (7).13. Election of members and Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting Mikael Aro to be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors  and of the current members Kari Kauniskangas  Anne Leskelä  Mikko Mursula and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén  and as new members Annica Ånäs and Andreas Segal to be elected as members of the Board of Directors. A presentation of the proposed new members of the Board is attached to this notice.Matti Harjuniemi and Reima Rytsölä will leave the company's Board of Directors.All candidates have consented to being elected and are independent of the company. The candidates are also independent of the company's major shareholders.The members of the Board of Directors are presented on the company's website at: www.kojamo.fi/en/investors/corporate-governance/board/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor to be elected be remunerated against a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  authorised public accountants  be re-elected as the company's Auditor for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that it will appoint Petri Kettunen  APA  as the principally responsible auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's shares in an aggregate maximum amount of 24 714 439 shares. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company.Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorisation only by using unrestricted equity. Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors decides how the shares are repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorisation shall be in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.This authorisation cancels the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 16 March 2022 to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued on the basis of the authorisation shall not exceed an aggregate maximum of 24 714 439 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company. This authorisation applies to both  the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares held by the company.The Board of Directors decides on all terms of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorisation shall be in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.This authorisation cancels the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 16 March 2022 to decide on the issuance of shares as well as special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting proposes that an addition is made to the Articles of Association to allow the Board of Directors  at their discretion  to arrange a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue. Among other things  the addition would allow General Meetings to be arranged in a way that can facilitate shareholder participation  for example  in the event of a pandemic or other unforeseen and exceptional circumstances. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings with equal rights to those in customary General Meetings. Pursuant to the proposal of the Board of Directors  section 8 § of the Articles of Association would read after the addition as follows (addition in italics):""8 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held within six (6) months from the termination of the financial year  at a date specified by the Board of Directors. The Annual General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa.The notice convening the General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the Meeting  but no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting. The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the company's website or at least in one national daily newspaper designated by the Board of Directors.To be entitled to attend the General Meeting  a shareholder shall notify the company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that an annual or an extraordinary general meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner whereby shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the general meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).""19. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice  the Financial Statements of Kojamo plc  the consolidated Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available at the above-mentioned website no later than on 30 March 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  Monday  6 March 2023  in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting also by way of proxy representation. The use of proxy representatives is described below in section C.4 and advance voting in section C.5.2. Registration for the Annual General MeetingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder registered in the company's shareholders' register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the Annual General Meeting and  if they wish  vote in advance no later than by Wednesday  8 March 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the registration and any advance votes need to have been received.A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal book-entry account may register from 9.00 a.m. (EET) on 16 February 2023 until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 8 March 2023 by the following means:a. through the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agmOnline registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b. by mail or emailA shareholder may send a notice to attend by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous/ Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name and date of birth of a possible authorised proxy representative  legal representative or assistant. The personal data given to Kojamo plc or Innovatics Oy will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  their possible authorised proxy representative  legal representative or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.3. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on Monday 6 March 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily entered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by Monday 13 March 2023 by 10.00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  issuing of proxy authorisation documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account manager of the custodian shall  as needed  see to voting in advance on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares  no later than by Monday 13 March by 10.00 a.m. (EET).4. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights by appointing proxy representative. A proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.Proxy representatives must identify himself/herself personally to the online registration service and advance voting using strong authentication  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy authorisation document or otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorizations service.A template for the proxy authorisation document and voting instructions will be available at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. Possible proxy authorisation documents are requested to be submitted by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous/ Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period (8 March 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EET))  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative is authorised to represent the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Shareholders that are legal entities may  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations (using the authorisation topic ""Representation at the General Meeting""). When registering for the Annual General Meeting in the general meeting service  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which by choosing the person/entity they represent in the meeting  the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations.5. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal book-entry account may also vote in advance on certain agenda items of the Annual General Meeting from 9.00 a.m. (EET) on 16 February 2023 until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 8 March 2023 by the following means:a. through the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agmAdvance voting requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b. by mail or emailA shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the advance voting form available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Oy before the deadline for registration and advance voting  the submission constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the information requested on the advance voting form required for registration.Instructions relating to the advance voting are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.Shareholders who have voted in advance who wish to exercise their right to ask questions  demand a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal under the Finnish Companies Act must participate in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the General Meeting shall be Finnish. Shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Markets Act is available at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares in Kojamo plc and votes represented by such shares is 247 144 399. On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the company does not hold any of its own shares.Changes in the number of shares held after the record date of the Annual General Meeting shall not have an effect on the right to participate the Annual General Meeting nor on the number of votes held by a shareholder in the Annual General Meeting.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9.00 a.m. until 12.00 noon and from 1.00 p.m. until 4.00 p.m. (EET).In Helsinki  15 February 2023Kojamo plcThe Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Markus Kouhi  General Counsel  Kojamo plc  tel. +358 20 508 4238  markus.kouhi@kojamo.fiDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki  Key mediaKojamo is Finland's largest private residential real estate company and one of the biggest investors in Finland. Our mission is to create better urban housing. Lumo offers environmentally friendly housing and services for the city dweller who appreciates quality and effortlessness. We actively develop the value of our investment properties by developing new properties and our existing property portfolio. We want to be the property market frontrunner and the number one choice for our customers. Kojamo's shares are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. For more information  please visit https://kojamo.fi/en/.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/18367/3715162/9702d4108b4edf24.pdf CV Andreas Segal EN https://mb.cision.com/Public/18367/3715162/a9c4d00c545b402e.pdf CV Annica Ånäs ENCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-kojamo-plc-301747323.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.62,0.22,0.16,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kojamo plc', 'Notice', 'Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'one annual fee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'The Nomination Board', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual fees', 'The CEO', 'meeting venue', 'proxy representatives', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'distributable funds', 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'overlapping fees', 'Committee meetings', 'permanent address', '40 per cent', 'transfer tax', 'attendance allowance', '2022 Remuneration Report', 'Interim Report', ""shareholders' rights"", ""shareholders' register"", 'advance voting', 'record date', 'transaction costs', 'two weeks', 'Thursday 16 March', 'Vice Chairman', 'A. MATTERS', 'parent company', 'other members', 'company shares', '20 March', '31 March', '9.00 a', '10.00 a', 'February', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'Notice', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', 'reception', 'participants', 'distribution', 'ballots', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'agm', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'permission', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'review', 'Story', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'Dividend', '5 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'approval', 'term', 'close', 'role', 'addition', 'Committees', 'cash', 'rest', 'name', 'behalf', 'purchase', 'publication', '1 January', 'number']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18484,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-talenom-080000821.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of Directors,Talenom Plc  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 10:00 EET Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of Directors The Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc will be held on 15 March 2023  beginning at 10:00 a.m. The me…,Talenom OyjTalenom Plc  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 10:00 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc will be held on 15 March 2023  beginning at 10:00 a.m.The meeting will be held as a remote meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Companies Act  in which shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the remote meeting in real time. The remote meeting does not have a physical meeting venue which shareholders or their proxy representatives could attend in person. Shareholders can also participate in the meeting through advance voting. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote in advance even in case they participate in the remote meeting.The instructions on participation are provided in Section C. “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Board of Directors proposes that Attorney-at-Law Olli Kotila shall act as the Chair of the meeting. In case Olli Kotila is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the Chair  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act as the Chair. The Chair may appoint a secretary for the meeting.3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Board of Directors proposes that the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes in the remote meeting shall be the company’s CFO Matti Eilonen. In case Matti Eilonen is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act in the role.Story continues4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements of the parent company  the consolidated financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the financial year ended 31 December 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements of the parent company and the consolidated financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.18 per share bepaid for the financial year 1 January–31 December 2022. Undistributed profits shall remain in equity.The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date  20 March 2023  are registered as shareholders in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the dividend would be paid on 27 March 2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares held by the company.There have been no major changes in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity is good and in the Board of Director's view  the proposed profit distribution does not endanger the company's solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and CEO from liability for the financial year 202210. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the company’s governing bodies is available at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.The Board of Directors proposes the acceptance of the Remuneration Report 2022. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a remuneration of EUR 6 000 per month would be paid to the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and EUR 2 200 per month to other members of the Board of Directors. Additionally  the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors would be compensated in accordance with the company’s travel policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directorsbe confirmed as seven.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Harri Tahkola  Mikko Siuruainen  Olli Hyyppä  Johannes Karjula  Elina Tourunen and Sampsa Laine  all current members of the Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Erik Tahkola be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. Shareholders representing approximately 31.1 per cent of shares and votes in the company have announced their intention to support the Board of Directors’ proposal.The term of the members of the Board of Directors will run until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominated persons have given their consent to the election.The presentation and shareholdings of the current members of the Board of Directors are available at Talenom Plc’s website https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/board_of_directors. The presentation of the person nominated for the Board of Directors as a new member is available at Talenom Plc’s website https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.With respect of the election procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor is remunerated according to a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  authorised publicaccountant organisation  be re-elected as the auditor of the company  with Juho Rautio  authorised publicaccountant  as the principal auditor.The term of the auditor will run until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 150 000 shares in the company in one or several tranches using the company’s unrestricted shareholders' equity. The shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd for the market price at the moment of purchase.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces the previous authorisation to repurchase own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on 3 March 2022.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  cannot exceed 2 200 000 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company. The proposed maximum amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 4.9 per cent of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe for shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of paying purchase prices of corporate acquisitions  share issues directed to personnel or share award schemes or to issue share options or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation revokes all previous unused authorisations to resolve on the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.18. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe proposals for the decisions on the aforementioned matters on the above agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Talenom Plc’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023. Talenom Plc’s Annual Report  financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 15 February 2023. A copy of the Annual Report will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 28 March 2023 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Exercising rights by the use of telecommunications and technical meansThe company’s Articles of Association were amended at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 13 October 2022 so that the Board of Directors may also decide to hold a General Meeting without a meeting venue  in which case the shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the meeting in real time (“Remote Meeting”). The company’s Board of Directors has decided to organize the Annual General Meeting as a Remote Meeting and to convene it in accordance with this notice to the Annual General Meeting.The Remote Meeting shall be attended in real time through Inderes Plc’s virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform that includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating in the Remote Meeting does not require software or loadings subject to charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio. Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera browsers are recommended for participation.The link and password for the participation in the Remote Meeting will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting at the latest on the day preceding the Annual General Meeting. It is recommended to log into the meeting system before the Annual General Meeting’s starting time.Shareholders who participate in the Remote Meeting in real time have all shareholder rights in use during the meeting  such as the right to present questions orally and the right to vote. Presenting questions orally requires a microphone in the device used for participating in the Annual General Meeting.More detailed information about the virtual general meeting service as well as a link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection are available at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi. It is recommended that participants view the instructions for participation before the start of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting also by voting in advance in accordance with Section C. 3. of this notice. Voting in advance is not mandatory but it is recommended by the Board of Directors.The Annual General Meeting shall be held in Finnish.In accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 5 of the Companies Act  the shareholders who have exercised their right to vote before the Meeting (through the advance voting) or who can exercise their right to vote during the Remote Meeting shall be considered to be participants in the Meeting. Participation in the Meeting also requires that the shareholder has a right to participate in the annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Companies Act.2. Right to participate and registration of a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  3 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.The registration commences on 16 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder registered in the company's shareholders’ register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 8 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registration needs to have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be made:a) Through the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Online registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish Bank ID or Mobile ID.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the Annual General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.In connection with the registration and possible advance voting  the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID and contact information. The provided personal data shall only be used in connection with the processing of the Annual General Meeting and necessary registrations related to it.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.3. Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may  if they wish  vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 16 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) and 8 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). The advance voting is possible:a) Through the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Logging into the service is done in the same way as for the registration in Section C. 2. a) of this notice.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information required in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.The proposals for resolutions that are subject to the advance voting are deemed to have been presented at the Annual General Meeting as unchanged in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 5 of the Companies Act and the advance votes are taken into account in the possible voting at the Remote Meeting also in the situations where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made regarding the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholder who has voted in advance is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 3 March 2023.It is not possible for the shareholder who votes in advance to exercise other shareholder rights under the Companies Act in the Annual General Meeting  such as the right to ask questions or right to demand a vote  unless the shareholder also registers for and participates him-/herself or through a proxy representative in the Remote Meeting in real time. A shareholder who has voted in advance and who also participates in the Remote Meeting in real time can  in a voting situation  if he/she wishes  change the votes given in advance.4. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of the shares based on which the shareholder would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 3 March 2023. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  temporarily been registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 10 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request in good time necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall report the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  to be temporarily registered into the shareholder’s register of the company by the above-mentioned date at the latest and take care of possible advance voting on behalf of the shareholder within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the Annual General Meeting may also participate in the Remote Meeting by the use of telecommunications and technical means in real time. In addition to the temporary registration into the shareholders’ register  the real-time participation in the Remote Meeting requires the delivery of the shareholder’s email address and telephone number to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the Remote Meeting.5. Use of proxy representatives and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance in a manner set out in this notice.The proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. When registering for the Annual General Meeting and possibly voting in advance through the company’s website  the proxy representative shall identify him-/herself in the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which the proxy representative is able to register and  if he/she wishes  vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service.Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares based on which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be informed in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received by Innovatics Ltd. A template for a proxy document is available on the company's website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Submitting a proxy document and the registration and advance voting form mentioned in Section C. 2. b) to Innovatics Ltd before the end of the registration period is deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they set forth the information necessary for the registration required on the form.In case an individual proxy representative represents several different shareholders at the Remote Meeting in real time  the proxy representative will be provided with a separate participation link and password for each represented shareholder. The proxy representative shall take care of the use of shareholders’ rights by logging into the service for each shareholder separately.It is recommended that individual proxy representative representing several different shareholders vote in advance.6. Other instructions and informationA shareholder who participates in the Annual General Meeting in real time has the right to ask questions at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act regarding the matters discussed at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares and votes in Talenom Plc is 44 986 213.In Helsinki  15 February 2023Talenom PlcBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Otto-Pekka HuhtalaCEOTalenom Plctel. +358 40 703 8554Talenom in briefTalenom is an agile and progressive accounting firm established in 1972. Our business idea is to make daily life easier for entrepreneurs with the easiest-to-use digital tools on the market and highly automated services. In addition to comprehensive accounting services  we support our customers’ business with a wide range of expert services  as well as financing  account and payment traffic services. Our vision is to provide superior accounting  account and payment traffic services for SMEs.Talenom’s growth history is strong – average annual net sales growth was approximately 17% between 2005 and 2022. In 2022  Talenom’s net sales was some EUR 102 million and the company has more than 1 300 employees in Finland  Sweden  Spain and Italy at the end of the year. Talenom’s share is quoted on the Main Market of Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more: investors.talenom.com/en,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.26,0.42,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Talenom Plc', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Talenom Oyj Talenom Plc', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'physical meeting venue', 'CFO Matti Eilonen', 'Law Olli Kotila', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Olli Hyyppä', 'investors.talenom', 'remote meeting', 'Companies Act', 'decision-making powers', 'technical means', 'real time', 'proxy representatives', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'Undistributed profits', 'record date', 'treasury shares', 'major changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'Harri Tahkola', 'Mikko Siuruainen', 'Johannes Karjula', 'Elina Tourunen', 'Sampsa Laine', 'Erik Tahkola', 'new member', 'advance voting', 'Section C.', 'A. MATTERS', 'profit distribution', 'The Chair', 'The Board', 'other members', 'current members', 'parent company', 'shareholders’ register', '10:00 a', 'February', '10:00 EET', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Directors', '15 March', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'use', 'telecommunications', 'person', 'case', 'instructions', 'participation', 'participants', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'secretary', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'Story', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'review', 'Resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'equity', '27 March', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'corporate_governance', 'acceptance', 'month', 'number', '10.']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18486,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608343/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Talenom-Plc-proposals-of-the-Board-of-Directors.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of Directors,Talenom Plc  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 10:00 EET    Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of......,Finnish EnglishTalenom Plc  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 10:00 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc will be held on 15 March 2023  beginning at 10:00 a.m.The meeting will be held as a remote meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Companies Act  in which shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the remote meeting in real time. The remote meeting does not have a physical meeting venue which shareholders or their proxy representatives could attend in person. Shareholders can also participate in the meeting through advance voting. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote in advance even in case they participate in the remote meeting.The instructions on participation are provided in Section C. “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Board of Directors proposes that Attorney-at-Law Olli Kotila shall act as the Chair of the meeting. In case Olli Kotila is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the Chair  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act as the Chair. The Chair may appoint a secretary for the meeting.3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Board of Directors proposes that the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes in the remote meeting shall be the company’s CFO Matti Eilonen. In case Matti Eilonen is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act in the role.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements of the parent company  the consolidated financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the financial year ended 31 December 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements of the parent company and the consolidated financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.18 per share bepaid for the financial year 1 January–31 December 2022. Undistributed profits shall remain in equity.The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date  20 March 2023  are registered as shareholders in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the dividend would be paid on 27 March 2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares held by the company.There have been no major changes in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity is good and in the Board of Director's view  the proposed profit distribution does not endanger the company's solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and CEO from liability for the financial year 202210. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the company’s governing bodies is available at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.The Board of Directors proposes the acceptance of the Remuneration Report 2022. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a remuneration of EUR 6 000 per month would be paid to the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and EUR 2 200 per month to other members of the Board of Directors. Additionally  the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors would be compensated in accordance with the company’s travel policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directorsbe confirmed as seven.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Harri Tahkola  Mikko Siuruainen  Olli Hyyppä  Johannes Karjula  Elina Tourunen and Sampsa Laine  all current members of the Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Erik Tahkola be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. Shareholders representing approximately 31.1 per cent of shares and votes in the company have announced their intention to support the Board of Directors’ proposal.The term of the members of the Board of Directors will run until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominated persons have given their consent to the election.The presentation and shareholdings of the current members of the Board of Directors are available at Talenom Plc’s website https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/board_of_directors. The presentation of the person nominated for the Board of Directors as a new member is available at Talenom Plc’s website https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.With respect of the election procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor is remunerated according to a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  authorised publicaccountant organisation  be re-elected as the auditor of the company  with Juho Rautio  authorised publicaccountant  as the principal auditor.The term of the auditor will run until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 150 000 shares in the company in one or several tranches using the company’s unrestricted shareholders' equity. The shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd for the market price at the moment of purchase.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces the previous authorisation to repurchase own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on 3 March 2022.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  cannot exceed 2 200 000 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company. The proposed maximum amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 4.9 per cent of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe for shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of paying purchase prices of corporate acquisitions  share issues directed to personnel or share award schemes or to issue share options or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation revokes all previous unused authorisations to resolve on the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.18. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe proposals for the decisions on the aforementioned matters on the above agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Talenom Plc’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023. Talenom Plc’s Annual Report  financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 15 February 2023. A copy of the Annual Report will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 28 March 2023 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Exercising rights by the use of telecommunications and technical meansThe company’s Articles of Association were amended at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 13 October 2022 so that the Board of Directors may also decide to hold a General Meeting without a meeting venue  in which case the shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the meeting in real time (“Remote Meeting”). The company’s Board of Directors has decided to organize the Annual General Meeting as a Remote Meeting and to convene it in accordance with this notice to the Annual General Meeting.The Remote Meeting shall be attended in real time through Inderes Plc’s virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform that includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating in the Remote Meeting does not require software or loadings subject to charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio. Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera browsers are recommended for participation.The link and password for the participation in the Remote Meeting will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting at the latest on the day preceding the Annual General Meeting. It is recommended to log into the meeting system before the Annual General Meeting’s starting time.Shareholders who participate in the Remote Meeting in real time have all shareholder rights in use during the meeting  such as the right to present questions orally and the right to vote. Presenting questions orally requires a microphone in the device used for participating in the Annual General Meeting.More detailed information about the virtual general meeting service as well as a link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection are available at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi. It is recommended that participants view the instructions for participation before the start of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting also by voting in advance in accordance with Section C. 3. of this notice. Voting in advance is not mandatory but it is recommended by the Board of Directors.The Annual General Meeting shall be held in Finnish.In accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 5 of the Companies Act  the shareholders who have exercised their right to vote before the Meeting (through the advance voting) or who can exercise their right to vote during the Remote Meeting shall be considered to be participants in the Meeting. Participation in the Meeting also requires that the shareholder has a right to participate in the annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Companies Act.2. Right to participate and registration of a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  3 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.The registration commences on 16 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder registered in the company's shareholders’ register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 8 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registration needs to have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be made:a) Through the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Online registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish Bank ID or Mobile ID.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the Annual General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.In connection with the registration and possible advance voting  the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID and contact information. The provided personal data shall only be used in connection with the processing of the Annual General Meeting and necessary registrations related to it.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.3. Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may  if they wish  vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 16 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) and 8 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). The advance voting is possible:a) Through the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Logging into the service is done in the same way as for the registration in Section C. 2. a) of this notice.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information required in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.The proposals for resolutions that are subject to the advance voting are deemed to have been presented at the Annual General Meeting as unchanged in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 5 of the Companies Act and the advance votes are taken into account in the possible voting at the Remote Meeting also in the situations where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made regarding the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholder who has voted in advance is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 3 March 2023.It is not possible for the shareholder who votes in advance to exercise other shareholder rights under the Companies Act in the Annual General Meeting  such as the right to ask questions or right to demand a vote  unless the shareholder also registers for and participates him-/herself or through a proxy representative in the Remote Meeting in real time. A shareholder who has voted in advance and who also participates in the Remote Meeting in real time can  in a voting situation  if he/she wishes  change the votes given in advance.4. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of the shares based on which the shareholder would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 3 March 2023. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  temporarily been registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 10 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request in good time necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall report the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  to be temporarily registered into the shareholder’s register of the company by the above-mentioned date at the latest and take care of possible advance voting on behalf of the shareholder within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the Annual General Meeting may also participate in the Remote Meeting by the use of telecommunications and technical means in real time. In addition to the temporary registration into the shareholders’ register  the real-time participation in the Remote Meeting requires the delivery of the shareholder’s email address and telephone number to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the Remote Meeting.5. Use of proxy representatives and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance in a manner set out in this notice.The proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. When registering for the Annual General Meeting and possibly voting in advance through the company’s website  the proxy representative shall identify him-/herself in the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which the proxy representative is able to register and  if he/she wishes  vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service.Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares based on which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be informed in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received by Innovatics Ltd. A template for a proxy document is available on the company's website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Submitting a proxy document and the registration and advance voting form mentioned in Section C. 2. b) to Innovatics Ltd before the end of the registration period is deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they set forth the information necessary for the registration required on the form.In case an individual proxy representative represents several different shareholders at the Remote Meeting in real time  the proxy representative will be provided with a separate participation link and password for each represented shareholder. The proxy representative shall take care of the use of shareholders’ rights by logging into the service for each shareholder separately.It is recommended that individual proxy representative representing several different shareholders vote in advance.6. Other instructions and informationA shareholder who participates in the Annual General Meeting in real time has the right to ask questions at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act regarding the matters discussed at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares and votes in Talenom Plc is 44 986 213.In Helsinki  15 February 2023Talenom PlcBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Otto-Pekka HuhtalaCEOTalenom Plctel. +358 40 703 8554Talenom in briefTalenom is an agile and progressive accounting firm established in 1972. Our business idea is to make daily life easier for entrepreneurs with the easiest-to-use digital tools on the market and highly automated services. In addition to comprehensive accounting services  we support our customers’ business with a wide range of expert services  as well as financing  account and payment traffic services. Our vision is to provide superior accounting  account and payment traffic services for SMEs.Talenom’s growth history is strong – average annual net sales growth was approximately 17% between 2005 and 2022. In 2022  Talenom’s net sales was some EUR 102 million and the company has more than 1 300 employees in Finland  Sweden  Spain and Italy at the end of the year. Talenom’s share is quoted on the Main Market of Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more: investors.talenom.com/en,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.24,0.42,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Talenom Plc', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Finnish English Talenom Plc', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'physical meeting venue', 'CFO Matti Eilonen', 'Law Olli Kotila', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Olli Hyyppä', 'remote meeting', 'financial year', 'financial position', 'Companies Act', 'decision-making powers', 'technical means', 'real time', 'proxy representatives', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'balance sheet', 'Undistributed profits', 'record date', 'treasury shares', 'major changes', 'governing bodies', 'investors.talenom', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'Harri Tahkola', 'Mikko Siuruainen', 'Johannes Karjula', 'Elina Tourunen', 'Sampsa Laine', 'Erik Tahkola', 'new member', 'advance voting', 'Section C.', 'A. MATTERS', 'profit distribution', 'The Chair', 'The Board', 'other members', 'current members', 'parent company', 'shareholders’ register', '10:00 a', 'February', '10:00 EET', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Directors', '15 March', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'use', 'telecommunications', 'person', 'case', 'instructions', 'participation', 'participants', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'secretary', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'review', 'Resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'equity', '27 March', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'corporate_governance', 'acceptance', 'month', 'number', '10.']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18487,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TALENOM-OYJ-22412965/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Talenom-Plc-proposals-of-the-Board-of-Directors-42989526/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) Talenom Plc  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 10:00 EET Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of Directors The Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc will be held on 15 March 2023  beginning…,Talenom Plc  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 10:00 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc; proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting of Talenom Plc will be held on 15 March 2023  beginning at 10:00 a.m.The meeting will be held as a remote meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Companies Act  in which shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the remote meeting in real time. The remote meeting does not have a physical meeting venue which shareholders or their proxy representatives could attend in person. Shareholders can also participate in the meeting through advance voting. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote in advance even in case they participate in the remote meeting.The instructions on participation are provided in Section C. “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Board of Directors proposes that Attorney-at-Law Olli Kotila shall act as the Chair of the meeting. In case Olli Kotila is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the Chair  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act as the Chair. The Chair may appoint a secretary for the meeting.3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Board of Directors proposes that the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes in the remote meeting shall be the company’s CFO Matti Eilonen. In case Matti Eilonen is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act in the role.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements of the parent company  the consolidated financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the financial year ended 31 December 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements of the parent company and the consolidated financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.18 per share bepaid for the financial year 1 January–31 December 2022. Undistributed profits shall remain in equity.The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date  20 March 2023  are registered as shareholders in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the dividend would be paid on 27 March 2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares held by the company.There have been no major changes in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity is good and in the Board of Director's view  the proposed profit distribution does not endanger the company's solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and CEO from liability for the financial year 202210. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the company’s governing bodies is available at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.The Board of Directors proposes the acceptance of the Remuneration Report 2022. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a remuneration of EUR 6 000 per month would be paid to the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and EUR 2 200 per month to other members of the Board of Directors. Additionally  the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors would be compensated in accordance with the company’s travel policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directorsbe confirmed as seven.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Harri Tahkola  Mikko Siuruainen  Olli Hyyppä  Johannes Karjula  Elina Tourunen and Sampsa Laine  all current members of the Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Erik Tahkola be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. Shareholders representing approximately 31.1 per cent of shares and votes in the company have announced their intention to support the Board of Directors’ proposal.The term of the members of the Board of Directors will run until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominated persons have given their consent to the election.The presentation and shareholdings of the current members of the Board of Directors are available at Talenom Plc’s website https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/board_of_directors. The presentation of the person nominated for the Board of Directors as a new member is available at Talenom Plc’s website https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.With respect of the election procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor is remunerated according to a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  authorised publicaccountant organisation  be re-elected as the auditor of the company  with Juho Rautio  authorised publicaccountant  as the principal auditor.The term of the auditor will run until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 150 000 shares in the company in one or several tranches using the company’s unrestricted shareholders' equity. The shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd for the market price at the moment of purchase.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces the previous authorisation to repurchase own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on 3 March 2022.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  cannot exceed 2 200 000 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company. The proposed maximum amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 4.9 per cent of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe for shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of paying purchase prices of corporate acquisitions  share issues directed to personnel or share award schemes or to issue share options or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation revokes all previous unused authorisations to resolve on the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.18. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe proposals for the decisions on the aforementioned matters on the above agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Talenom Plc’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023. Talenom Plc’s Annual Report  financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 15 February 2023. A copy of the Annual Report will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 28 March 2023 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Exercising rights by the use of telecommunications and technical meansThe company’s Articles of Association were amended at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 13 October 2022 so that the Board of Directors may also decide to hold a General Meeting without a meeting venue  in which case the shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the meeting in real time (“Remote Meeting”). The company’s Board of Directors has decided to organize the Annual General Meeting as a Remote Meeting and to convene it in accordance with this notice to the Annual General Meeting.The Remote Meeting shall be attended in real time through Inderes Plc’s virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform that includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating in the Remote Meeting does not require software or loadings subject to charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio. Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera browsers are recommended for participation.The link and password for the participation in the Remote Meeting will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting at the latest on the day preceding the Annual General Meeting. It is recommended to log into the meeting system before the Annual General Meeting’s starting time.Shareholders who participate in the Remote Meeting in real time have all shareholder rights in use during the meeting  such as the right to present questions orally and the right to vote. Presenting questions orally requires a microphone in the device used for participating in the Annual General Meeting.More detailed information about the virtual general meeting service as well as a link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection are available at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi. It is recommended that participants view the instructions for participation before the start of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting also by voting in advance in accordance with Section C. 3. of this notice. Voting in advance is not mandatory but it is recommended by the Board of Directors.The Annual General Meeting shall be held in Finnish.In accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 5 of the Companies Act  the shareholders who have exercised their right to vote before the Meeting (through the advance voting) or who can exercise their right to vote during the Remote Meeting shall be considered to be participants in the Meeting. Participation in the Meeting also requires that the shareholder has a right to participate in the annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Companies Act.2. Right to participate and registration of a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  3 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.The registration commences on 16 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder registered in the company's shareholders’ register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 8 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registration needs to have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be made:a) Through the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Online registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish Bank ID or Mobile ID.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the Annual General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.In connection with the registration and possible advance voting  the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID and contact information. The provided personal data shall only be used in connection with the processing of the Annual General Meeting and necessary registrations related to it.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.3. Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may  if they wish  vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 16 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) and 8 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). The advance voting is possible:a) Through the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Logging into the service is done in the same way as for the registration in Section C. 2. a) of this notice.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information required in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.The proposals for resolutions that are subject to the advance voting are deemed to have been presented at the Annual General Meeting as unchanged in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 5 of the Companies Act and the advance votes are taken into account in the possible voting at the Remote Meeting also in the situations where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made regarding the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholder who has voted in advance is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 3 March 2023.It is not possible for the shareholder who votes in advance to exercise other shareholder rights under the Companies Act in the Annual General Meeting  such as the right to ask questions or right to demand a vote  unless the shareholder also registers for and participates him-/herself or through a proxy representative in the Remote Meeting in real time. A shareholder who has voted in advance and who also participates in the Remote Meeting in real time can  in a voting situation  if he/she wishes  change the votes given in advance.4. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of the shares based on which the shareholder would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 3 March 2023. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  temporarily been registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 10 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request in good time necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall report the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  to be temporarily registered into the shareholder’s register of the company by the above-mentioned date at the latest and take care of possible advance voting on behalf of the shareholder within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the Annual General Meeting may also participate in the Remote Meeting by the use of telecommunications and technical means in real time. In addition to the temporary registration into the shareholders’ register  the real-time participation in the Remote Meeting requires the delivery of the shareholder’s email address and telephone number to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the Remote Meeting.5. Use of proxy representatives and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance in a manner set out in this notice.The proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. When registering for the Annual General Meeting and possibly voting in advance through the company’s website  the proxy representative shall identify him-/herself in the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which the proxy representative is able to register and  if he/she wishes  vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service.Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares based on which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be informed in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Talenom Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received by Innovatics Ltd. A template for a proxy document is available on the company's website at https://investors.talenom.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023.Submitting a proxy document and the registration and advance voting form mentioned in Section C. 2. b) to Innovatics Ltd before the end of the registration period is deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they set forth the information necessary for the registration required on the form.In case an individual proxy representative represents several different shareholders at the Remote Meeting in real time  the proxy representative will be provided with a separate participation link and password for each represented shareholder. The proxy representative shall take care of the use of shareholders’ rights by logging into the service for each shareholder separately.It is recommended that individual proxy representative representing several different shareholders vote in advance.6. Other instructions and informationA shareholder who participates in the Annual General Meeting in real time has the right to ask questions at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act regarding the matters discussed at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares and votes in Talenom Plc is 44 986 213.In Helsinki  15 February 2023Talenom PlcBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Otto-Pekka HuhtalaCEOTalenom Plctel. +358 40 703 8554Talenom in briefTalenom is an agile and progressive accounting firm established in 1972. Our business idea is to make daily life easier for entrepreneurs with the easiest-to-use digital tools on the market and highly automated services. In addition to comprehensive accounting services  we support our customers’ business with a wide range of expert services  as well as financing  account and payment traffic services. Our vision is to provide superior accounting  account and payment traffic services for SMEs.Talenom’s growth history is strong – average annual net sales growth was approximately 17% between 2005 and 2022. In 2022  Talenom’s net sales was some EUR 102 million and the company has more than 1 300 employees in Finland  Sweden  Spain and Italy at the end of the year. Talenom’s share is quoted on the Main Market of Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more: investors.talenom.com/en,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.14,0.52,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Talenom Plc', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'physical meeting venue', 'CFO Matti Eilonen', 'Law Olli Kotila', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Olli Hyyppä', 'remote meeting', 'financial year', 'financial position', 'Talenom Plc', 'Companies Act', 'decision-making powers', 'technical means', 'real time', 'proxy representatives', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'balance sheet', 'Undistributed profits', 'record date', 'treasury shares', 'major changes', 'governing bodies', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'Harri Tahkola', 'Mikko Siuruainen', 'Johannes Karjula', 'Elina Tourunen', 'Sampsa Laine', 'Erik Tahkola', 'new member', 'advance voting', 'Section C.', 'A. MATTERS', 'profit distribution', 'investors.talenom', 'The Chair', 'The Board', 'other members', 'current members', 'parent company', 'shareholders’ register', '10:00 a', 'February', '10:00 EET', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Directors', '15 March', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'use', 'telecommunications', 'person', 'case', 'instructions', 'participation', 'participants', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'secretary', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'review', 'Resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'December', 'equity', '27 March', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'corporate_governance', 'acceptance', 'month', 'number', '10.', '3']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18488,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROLLING-OPTICS-HOLDING-AB-59968349/news/Rolling-Optics-Notice-42991314/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Rolling Optics : Notice,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting   in Rolling Optics Holding AB    At the request of François-Charles Oberthur SAS   which  as a result of the public offer to the shareholders of Rolling Optics Holding AB   reg. no. 55605…,"Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Rolling Optics Holding AB (publ) At the request of François-Charles Oberthur SAS (""FCO"")  which  as a result of the public offer to the shareholders of Rolling Optics Holding AB (publ)  reg. no. 556056-5151  (""Rolling Optics"" or the ""Company"")  holds approximately 65 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in Rolling Optics  the shareholders of Rolling Optics are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting on Monday  6 March 2032  at 14:00 CET  at the Company's offices at Solna Strandväg 3  Solna. Registration for the meeting will commence at 13:30 CET. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE Shareholders who wish to participate at the Extraordinary General Meeting must: both be recorded as shareholders in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date of Friday  24 February 2023; and not later than on Tuesday  28 February 2023  have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company  either in writing to Rolling Optics Holding AB (publ)  Solna Strandväg 3  SE- 171 54 Solna  Sweden or via e-mail to fredrik.isaksson@rollingoptics.com. The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number  holding of shares and  when applicable  information regarding deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  certificates of registration and other documents of authority. Personal data regarding shareholders obtained from the share register  the notification of attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors  will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For information on how your personal data is processed in connection with the General Meeting  see the privacy policy on Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES To be entitled to participate in the meeting a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register on the record date of Friday  24 February 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than on Tuesday  28 February 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register. Rolling Optics - InternalPROXIES Shareholders' rights at the meeting may be exercised by a proxy. The power of attorney must be in writing  dated and signed and may not be more than five years old. The original version of the power of attorney shall be presented at the meeting. Proxies for legal entities must also be accompanied by a certificate of incorporation or equivalent document verifying authority. To facilitate registration  a copy of the power of attorney and other authorizing documents should be attached to the notification of the meeting. Proxy forms are available on the company's website www.rollingoptics.comand are sent by post to shareholders who request it and provide their postal address. PROPOSED AGENDA Opening of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Approval of the proposed agenda. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Determination of the number of board members. Election of new board members. Determination of remuneration to newly elected board members. Resolution regarding authorization for the board to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertibles. Closing of the meeting. FCO'S PROPOSALS FOR RESOLUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO ITEMS 7-10 ON THE AGENDA Item 7. Determination of the number of board members. FCO proposes that the board of directors shall consist of nine (9) ordinary board members. Item 8. Election of new board members. FCO proposes that Thomas Savare  Etienne Couëlle  Jean-Michel Guichot  Claudia Volken Naveos and Michel Pays are elected as new board members for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Provided that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to elect Thomas Savare  Etienne Couëlle  Jean-Michel Guichot  Claudia Volken Naveos and Michel Pays as new board members  the board of directors will consist of Johan Stern (chairman)  Sorin Chiorescu  Otto Drakenberg  Anne Årneby  Thomas Savare  Etienne Couëlle  Jean-Michel Guichot  Claudia Volken Naveos and Michel Pays. Information about the persons proposed to be elected as board members Thomas Savare  born in 1967 Education and work experience: Owner and CEO of François-Charles Oberthur Group  graduated from Ecole Centrale Paris in 1991. Rolling Optics - InternalOther board assignments: Chairman of the boards of OBERTHUR CASH PROTECTION SA  and of Oberthur Fiduciaire AD (Bulgaria)  CEO of Oberthur Fiduciaire SAS and VHP SECURITY PAPER BV (the Netherlands). Etienne Couëlle  born in 1965 Education and work experience: Managing Director of Oberthur Fiduciaire and VHP Security Paper since 2021. Before CEO of Synlab France and member of the Executive Committee of Synlab Group  COO of Labco Group  Senior Investment Director at 3i  Managing Director of Oberthur Cash Protection  CEO of Oberthur Gaming Technologies  EVP of Oberthur Smart Cards USA  Industrial Director of Oberthur Fiduciaire  Manager Strategic Planning & Performance Management at KPMG Peat Marwick Consultants. Graduated from ESIEA and CENTRALE-SUPELEC engineering schools in Applied Mathematics and Industrial Management. Other board assignments: Member of the Boards of Oberthur Fiduciaire AD (Bulgaria) and VHP SECURITY PAPER BV (the Netherlands). Jean-Michel Guichot  born in 1966 Education and work experience: Managing Director Finance of François-Charles Oberthur SAS Group since 2011  graduated from HEC  Paris in 1989. Other board assignments: Member of the Boards of Oberthur Cash Protection SA and OF AD  (Bulgaria)  Chairman of the Supervisory Board of VHP SECURITY PAPER BV (the Netherlands). Claudia Volken Naveos  born in 1976 Education and work experience: Group General Counsel of the François-Charles Oberthur Group since 2012  before Lawyer at Taj Law Firm (Deloitte)  graduated from University Panthéon - Assas  Paris II and University of Fribourg  Switzerland  Post-graduate degree (DESS) in European Business law  University of Panthéon - Assas  Paris II in 2003. Other board assignments: Member of the Supervisory Board of VHP SECURITY PAPER BV (the Netherlands). Michel Pays  born in 1961 Education and work experience: With the Oberthur Fiduciaire Group in various key positions since 1988  current position is Technical Officer of Oberthur Fiduciaire Group  graduated from French Engineer Printing School (EFPG Grenoble) in 1986. Other board assignments: None. Information regarding the current board members can be found on www.rollingoptics.com. Item 9. Determination of remuneration to newly elected board members. FCO proposes that the board members that are proposed to be newly elected shall not receive any remuneration for the board assignment. Rolling Optics - Internal",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['Rolling Optics', 'Notice', 'François-Charles Oberthur SAS', 'equivalent document verifying authority', 'nine (9) ordinary board members', 'next annual general meeting', 'Rolling Optics Holding AB', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Etienne Couëlle', 'Claudia Volken Naveos', 'Solna Strandväg', 'other authorizing documents', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'new board members', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', ""PROXIES Shareholders' rights"", 'voting right registration', 'other documents', 'new shares', 'voting list', 'Personal data', 'public offer', '65 per cent', 'share register', 'record date', 'European Parliament', 'privacy policy', 'original version', 'legal entities', 'two persons', 'Thomas Savare', 'Jean-Michel Guichot', 'Michel Pays', 'Johan Stern', 'Sorin Chiorescu', 'Otto Drakenberg', 'Anne Årneby', 'total number', 'Voting registration', 'Proxy forms', 'postal address', 'Such registration', 'full name', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'possible advisors', 'Notice', 'request', 'FCO', 'result', 'Company', 'votes', 'Monday', 'March', '14:00 CET', 'offices', '13:30 CET', 'PARTICIPATE', 'Friday', 'February', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'mail', 'fredrik', 'isaksson', 'notification', 'information', 'deputies', 'order', 'powers', 'attorney', 'certificates', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'connection', 'website', 'dam', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'advance', 'Internal', 'copy', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Determination', 'remuneration', 'Resolution', 'authorization', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closing', 'PROPOSALS', 'RESPECT', 'Item', 'directors', 'period']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18489,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608331/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Uponor-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor Corporation,Uponor Corporation  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 09:05 am EET      Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor Corporation      The......,English FinnishUponor Corporation  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 09:05 am EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor CorporationThe shareholders of Uponor Corporation are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  17 March 2023 at 13:00 EET at Music House (Musiikkitalo)  Paavo Hall  Mannerheimintie 13 A  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have preregistered for the general meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12:00 EET. The company's shareholders and their proxy representatives may also attend the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance.Shareholders will also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting through a webcast. The webcast starts on 17 March 2023 at 13:00 EET. Shareholders are requested to note that following the webcast is not considered as official participation in the general meeting and that it is not possible for a shareholder to exercise his/her right to request information nor exercise his/her voting rights in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act in the meeting via the webcast.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of a person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  as well as the auditor’s report and the consolidated auditor’s report for the year 2022Review of the business in 2022 by the President & CEOThe financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report and the auditor’s report will be available on the company’s website no later than 24 February 2023.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of €0.69 per share be distributed for the financial period 2022. The dividend shall be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of €0.34 per share shall be paid to each shareholder registered as a shareholder in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on 21 March 2023. The payment date proposed by the Board to the Annual General Meeting for this instalment is 28 March 2023.The second instalment of €0.35 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to each shareholder registered as a shareholder in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 7 September 2023. The dividend record date for the second instalment would be 13 September 2023 and the dividend payment date 20 September 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President & CEO from liability for the financial period 1 January 2022 – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesRemuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on company’s webpage at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/remuneration.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the remuneration of the Board of Directors shall remain the same and that the yearly remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors shall be: €100 000 for the Chair of the Board  €58 000 for the Deputy Chair of the Board  €58 000 for the Chair of the Audit Committee  €58 000 for the Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee (only in case she/he is not the Chair of the Board as well) and €48 000 for other members of the Board. The Nomination Board proposes that approximately 40% of the remuneration shall be paid by acquiring Uponor Corporation’s shares in public trading and/or by granting Uponor Corporation’s shares held by the company and the rest shall be paid in cash or  alternatively  by paying the full remuneration in cash and obligating the Board member to use approximately 40% of such remuneration to acquire Uponor Corporation’s shares in public trading. The yearly Board remuneration shall be paid within two weeks after the publication of the company’s half-year report for January–June 2023. In case the full remuneration is paid in cash  a Board member shall make the purchase of shares within two weeks after the publication of the company’s interim report for January–-September 2023.The Nomination Board proposes that travel expenses related to Board meetings shall be paid according to the travel policy of the company.The Nomination Board further proposes that remuneration per each actual board and committee meeting (excluding decisions without a meeting) shall remain the same and remuneration amounting to €800 for meetings held at the country of residence of the member  €1 600 for meetings held elsewhere on the same continent  and €3 000 for meetings held on another continent shall be paid to the members of the Board of Directors. The remuneration paid for telephone meetings shall be the remuneration for meetings held at the country of residence of the member.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the number of Board members shall be six and  as of obtaining the approval of the supervisory authority of the credit institution with regard to the appointment of the seventh member candidate  seven. It is assumed that the approval is obtained before the Annual General Meeting.13. Election of the members and chair of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that Mr Johan Falk  Mr Markus Lengauer  Mr Michael Marchi  Ms Annika Paasikivi and Ms Susanne Skippari  currently members of the Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors  and that Mr Hans Sohlström and Ms Katja Keitaanniemi be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. The appointment of Katja Keitaanniemi is subject to the approval of the supervisory authority of the credit institution  and her term of office as member of the Board of Directors is effective as of obtaining such approval.Pia Aaltonen-Forsell had informed that she is not available for re-election.Mr Hans Sohlström (b.1964  M.Sc. (Tech.)  M.Sc. (Econ.)) has a strong track record of driving profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. Mr Sohlström was the President and CEO of Ahlstrom (prev. Ahlstrom-Munksjö Oyj) from 2018 until end of 2022. His earlier positions include being the President and CEO of Ahlström Capital between 2016–2018 and of Rettig Group Oy between 2012–2016. Prior to this  he worked in various leading positions within UPM-Kymmene Corporation between 1990–2012. Mr Sohlström is a member of the Board of Stora Enso Corporation.Ms Katja Keitaanniemi (b. 1973  Lic.Sc. (Tech.)) is currently working as CEO of OP Corporate Bank Plc and member of the Executive Management Team of OP Cooperative. Ms Keitaanniemi has a strong track record of driving for performance  profitability  and cross-border co-operation for the largest banks in Finland  Sweden and Europe. She has worked in various leading positions in the finance and banking sectors including in Finnvera plc 2014–2018  Swedbank 2010–2013  eQ Bank/Conventum 2002–2009 and Nordea Securities 2001–2002.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the general meeting. This recommendation is based on the fact that  at the company  in line with a good Nordic governance model  the Shareholders' Nomination Board is separate from the Board of Directors. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise and experience for the company  the Board diversity principles are observed  and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.The Nomination Board further proposes that the general meeting elects Ms Annika Paasikivi as the Chair of the Board.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that the remuneration to the auditor to be elected shall be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting  based on a recommendation from the Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a company of Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the auditor of the company for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that the principally responsible auditor would be Anders Lundin (APA). The Board of Directors also proposes that the general meeting request the auditor to give a statement in the auditor’s report on the adoption of the financial statements  the granting of discharge from liability and the Board of Directors’ proposal for distribution of funds.The Board of Directors notes that its recommendation is free from influence by a third party  and the Board of Directors is not subject to compliance with any such clauses referred to in Article 16(6) of the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) that would restrict the choice as regards the appointment of a statutory auditor or audit firm.16. Amendment of the charter of the Nomination BoardThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the charter of the Nomination Board is amended with respect to the following sections:Resignation of a member of the Nomination Board in case the shareholding decreases significantlyRight of a holder of nominee-registered shares to appoint a member to the Nomination BoardDecision-making of the Nomination Board when unanimity cannot be reachedConvening of the meetings and the way to hold meetingsMaking amendments to the charterThe proposal for amended charter is available on the company’s webpage at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.17. Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 8 of the articles of association is amended to correspond to the responsibility for the auditor oversight stipulated in the amended Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015). In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):8 § AuditorsThe company has one auditor  which shall be an auditing agency registered in the official register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office.The term of the auditor shall end at the closing of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.The Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 9 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to holding the meeting in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa as currently provided in the articles of association. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the wording regarding publishing the time and place of the meeting of shareholders and the address of the company website in one or more newspapers is changed from “shall advertise” to “may advertise”. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):9 § Notice of a meeting of shareholdersThe notice of a meeting of shareholders shall be served by the Board of Directors. The notice of a meeting of shareholders shall be advertised on the company website no earlier than two (2) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  and it shall not be served later than nine (9) days prior to the record date of the meeting. In addition  the company may advertise the time and place of the meeting of shareholders and the address of the company website in one or more newspapers.In order to be entitled to participate in a general meeting  the shareholders shall notify the company of their attendance by the date indicated in the notice of the meeting which cannot be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting. Since the shares of the company are registered in the book entry securities system  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the entitlement to attend the general meeting of shareholders must be taken into account.The general meeting of shareholders can be held in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.The Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 10 of the articles of association is amended to include resolving upon  in addition to the items that currently appear from Article 10  the remuneration policy  when necessary  and the adoption of the remuneration report. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):10 § The Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of shareholders shall be held by the end of June each year.In the meeting the following shall be:handled1. the financial statements  including consolidated financial statement  the annual report;2. the auditor's report;resolved upon3. the adoption of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet;5. the granting of discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director;6. the adoption of remuneration policy  when necessary;7. the adoption of the remuneration report;8. remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors;9. number of the members of the Board of Directors;elected10. members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of Directors;11. the auditor.It is proposed that the articles of association will otherwise remain unchanged.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own shares  in one or several instalments  using funds from unrestricted equity as follows:The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 7 200 000 of the company’s own shares amounting in total to approximately 9.8 per cent of the total number of shares in the company at the date of the general meeting.The Board of Directors shall resolve how the shares shall be repurchased. Shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase). The company’s own shares may be repurchased at a price quoted at the time of the repurchase through public trading in regulated market or at a price otherwise formed in the markets.Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorisation in order to finance and carry out acquisitions or other business transactions  in order to develop the company's capital structure  to improve the liquidity of the company's shares  to be granted for other purposes or to be cancelled.This authorisation will revoke the earlier authorisation granted by the general meeting on 15 March 2022 to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own shares.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual general meeting  however  no longer than 18 months from the date of the general meeting.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on issuing new shares or transferring the company’s own shares on one or more occasion as follows:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is entitled to resolve on issuing a maximum of 7 200 000 new shares or transferring the company’s own shares  amounting in total to approximately 9.8 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on all terms of the issuance of shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorisation includes the possibility to issue own shares to the company for free.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive plans or for other purposes as resolved by the Board of Directors.This authorisation will revoke the earlier authorisation granted by the general meeting on 15 March 2022 to resolve on the issuance of shares.This authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual general meeting  however  no longer than 18 months from the date of the general meeting.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThe above-mentioned resolution proposals relating to the agenda of the general meeting  the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies  the proposal for amended charter of the Nomination Board  as well as this notice are available on Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023. Uponor Corporation’s financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the company’s website no later than 24 February 2023. The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the general meeting. Copies of these documents will be sent to a shareholder upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the company's website no later than 31 March 2023.No separate invitation to the Annual General Meeting will be sent.C. Instructions for the participants of the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder  who on the record date of the general meeting  7 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Registration and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023 at 10:00 EET. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Friday  10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:- via Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 - by telephone +358 010 2818 909 on weekdays at 9–12 EET and 13–16 EET - by email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information to agm@innovatics.fi  or- by mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.The shareholder  his/her legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of any shares that would entitle him/her to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the general meeting  i.e.  7 March 2023. The right to participate in the general meeting also requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been registered in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 14 March 2023 at 10:00 EET. This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request from his/her custodian bank  without delay  any necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  as well as the registration for the general meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company by the above-mentioned date at the latest  i.e.  14 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 as of 16 February 2023 at the latest. When registering by mail or email  a proxy representative shall deliver the duly completed and signed proxy documents together with the duly completed and signed registration and advance voting form in accordance with the instructions included in the form by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. When registering via the electronic registration and advance voting service on Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023  the proxy documents shall be attached to the service. Proxy documents should be delivered before the last date for registration (10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET)  by which time the proxy documents must be received.4. Advance votingRegistration for the general meeting and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting by voting in advance  shall register for the general meeting and vote in advance no later than Friday  10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration and votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they are present at the general meeting.With regards to a holder of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for nominee-registered shares.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 16 February 2023 – 10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET in the following ways:a) via Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023Electronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative via Finnish or Swedish online bank service or mobile certificate.One can register and vote in advance on behalf of another person or a company via proxy or by using the suomi.fi authorisation. If a proxy document is used  such document shall be attached to the service in connection with the registration and advance voting.Electronic registration and advance voting are considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting.b) by mail or email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023  or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information required for registration set out in the registration and advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions and the registration and advance voting form are available on the company's website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 as of 16 February 2023 at the latest. Further information is also available by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9–12 EET and 13–16 EET.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.On the date of release of this notice to the general meeting 15 February 2023  the total number of shares in Uponor Corporation is 73 206 944  each of which represents one vote. The total number of shares  on the date of the release  includes 530 950 shares held by Uponor Corporation  which do not have a voting right at the general meeting. Accordingly  the maximum total number of votes available at the general meeting amounts to 72 675 994. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of voting rights held in the general meeting.Shareholders also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting as a webcast. The webcast will mainly be held in Finnish and interpreted to English. Shareholders who have registered to follow the webcast will receive a link to the webcast transmission to the email address and/or telephone number provided in connection with the registration. In connection with the webcast of the Annual General Meeting  a chat function is available  through which shareholders can also submit questions during the meeting. Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting and that it is not possible for a shareholder to exercise his/her right to request information nor exercise his/her voting rights in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act in the meeting via the webcast.The voting ticket to the shareholder or proxy representative will be handed out upon registration at the general meeting.Coffee will be served after the meeting.Vantaa 15 February 2023Uponor CorporationBoard of DirectorsFranciska JanzonSenior Vice President  Corporate Communications and IRTel. +358 20 129 2821DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMediawww.uponorgroup.comUponor in briefUponor is a leading global provider of solutions that efficiently and effectively move water through cities  buildings  and homes. We help customers in residential and commercial construction  municipalities  and utilities  be more productive – and continuously find new ways to conserve  manage and provide water responsibly  unlocking its potential to provide comfort  health  and efficiency. Our safe drinking water  energy-efficient radiant heating and cooling systems  and reliable infrastructure solutions are sold in more than 80 countries. Uponor employs about 4 000 professionals in 26 countries in Europe and North America.In 2022  the company’s net sales totalled approximately €1.4 billion. Uponor Corporation is based in Finland and listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. www.uponorgroup.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Uponor Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'The Nomination Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'dividend payment date', 'yearly Board remuneration', 'English Finnish', 'financial period', 'yearly remuneration', 'record date', 'Uponor Corporation', 'Music House', 'Paavo Hall', 'voting tickets', 'proxy representatives', 'official participation', 'voting rights', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'consolidated auditor', 'balance sheet', 'two instalments', 'Governing Bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'public trading', 'two weeks', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'Remuneration Committee', 'full remuneration', 'Board member', 'Board meetings', 'half-year report', 'interim report', 'shareholder rights', 'shareholder register', 'other members', 'Remuneration Report', 'Deputy Chair', 'Directors’ report', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'March', 'Musiikkitalo', 'Mannerheimintie', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'attendees', 'distribution', '12:00 EET', 'company', 'advance', 'opportunity', 'webcast', '13:00 EET', 'information', 'accordance', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Review', 'business', 'President', 'CEO', 'website', '24 February', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'September', 'discharge', 'liability', 'January', '31 December', 'Handling', 'webpage', 'uponorgroup', 'investors', 'case', 'shares', 'rest', 'cash', 'publication', 'June', 'purchase', '09', '05']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18490,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UPONOR-OYJ-1412431/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Uponor-Corporation-42989174/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor Corporation,(marketscreener.com) Uponor Corporation  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 09:05 am EET Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor Corporation The shareholders of Uponor Corporation are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on…,Uponor Corporation  Stock exchange release  15 February 2023 at 09:05 am EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Uponor CorporationThe shareholders of Uponor Corporation are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  17 March 2023 at 13:00 EET at Music House (Musiikkitalo)  Paavo Hall  Mannerheimintie 13 A  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have preregistered for the general meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12:00 EET. The company's shareholders and their proxy representatives may also attend the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance.Shareholders will also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting through a webcast. The webcast starts on 17 March 2023 at 13:00 EET. Shareholders are requested to note that following the webcast is not considered as official participation in the general meeting and that it is not possible for a shareholder to exercise his/her right to request information nor exercise his/her voting rights in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act in the meeting via the webcast.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of a person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  as well as the auditor’s report and the consolidated auditor’s report for the year 2022Review of the business in 2022 by the President & CEOThe financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report and the auditor’s report will be available on the company’s website no later than 24 February 2023.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of €0.69 per share be distributed for the financial period 2022. The dividend shall be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of €0.34 per share shall be paid to each shareholder registered as a shareholder in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on 21 March 2023. The payment date proposed by the Board to the Annual General Meeting for this instalment is 28 March 2023.The second instalment of €0.35 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to each shareholder registered as a shareholder in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 7 September 2023. The dividend record date for the second instalment would be 13 September 2023 and the dividend payment date 20 September 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President & CEO from liability for the financial period 1 January 2022 – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesRemuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on company’s webpage at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/remuneration.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the remuneration of the Board of Directors shall remain the same and that the yearly remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors shall be: €100 000 for the Chair of the Board  €58 000 for the Deputy Chair of the Board  €58 000 for the Chair of the Audit Committee  €58 000 for the Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee (only in case she/he is not the Chair of the Board as well) and €48 000 for other members of the Board. The Nomination Board proposes that approximately 40% of the remuneration shall be paid by acquiring Uponor Corporation’s shares in public trading and/or by granting Uponor Corporation’s shares held by the company and the rest shall be paid in cash or  alternatively  by paying the full remuneration in cash and obligating the Board member to use approximately 40% of such remuneration to acquire Uponor Corporation’s shares in public trading. The yearly Board remuneration shall be paid within two weeks after the publication of the company’s half-year report for January–June 2023. In case the full remuneration is paid in cash  a Board member shall make the purchase of shares within two weeks after the publication of the company’s interim report for January–-September 2023.The Nomination Board proposes that travel expenses related to Board meetings shall be paid according to the travel policy of the company.The Nomination Board further proposes that remuneration per each actual board and committee meeting (excluding decisions without a meeting) shall remain the same and remuneration amounting to €800 for meetings held at the country of residence of the member  €1 600 for meetings held elsewhere on the same continent  and €3 000 for meetings held on another continent shall be paid to the members of the Board of Directors. The remuneration paid for telephone meetings shall be the remuneration for meetings held at the country of residence of the member.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the number of Board members shall be six and  as of obtaining the approval of the supervisory authority of the credit institution with regard to the appointment of the seventh member candidate  seven. It is assumed that the approval is obtained before the Annual General Meeting.13. Election of the members and chair of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that Mr Johan Falk  Mr Markus Lengauer  Mr Michael Marchi  Ms Annika Paasikivi and Ms Susanne Skippari  currently members of the Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors  and that Mr Hans Sohlström and Ms Katja Keitaanniemi be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. The appointment of Katja Keitaanniemi is subject to the approval of the supervisory authority of the credit institution  and her term of office as member of the Board of Directors is effective as of obtaining such approval.Pia Aaltonen-Forsell had informed that she is not available for re-election.Mr Hans Sohlström (b.1964  M.Sc. (Tech.)  M.Sc. (Econ.)) has a strong track record of driving profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. Mr Sohlström was the President and CEO of Ahlstrom (prev. Ahlstrom-Munksjö Oyj) from 2018 until end of 2022. His earlier positions include being the President and CEO of Ahlström Capital between 2016–2018 and of Rettig Group Oy between 2012–2016. Prior to this  he worked in various leading positions within UPM-Kymmene Corporation between 1990–2012. Mr Sohlström is a member of the Board of Stora Enso Corporation.Ms Katja Keitaanniemi (b. 1973  Lic.Sc. (Tech.)) is currently working as CEO of OP Corporate Bank Plc and member of the Executive Management Team of OP Cooperative. Ms Keitaanniemi has a strong track record of driving for performance  profitability  and cross-border co-operation for the largest banks in Finland  Sweden and Europe. She has worked in various leading positions in the finance and banking sectors including in Finnvera plc 2014–2018  Swedbank 2010–2013  eQ Bank/Conventum 2002–2009 and Nordea Securities 2001–2002.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the general meeting. This recommendation is based on the fact that  at the company  in line with a good Nordic governance model  the Shareholders' Nomination Board is separate from the Board of Directors. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise and experience for the company  the Board diversity principles are observed  and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.The Nomination Board further proposes that the general meeting elects Ms Annika Paasikivi as the Chair of the Board.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that the remuneration to the auditor to be elected shall be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting  based on a recommendation from the Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a company of Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the auditor of the company for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that the principally responsible auditor would be Anders Lundin (APA). The Board of Directors also proposes that the general meeting request the auditor to give a statement in the auditor’s report on the adoption of the financial statements  the granting of discharge from liability and the Board of Directors’ proposal for distribution of funds.The Board of Directors notes that its recommendation is free from influence by a third party  and the Board of Directors is not subject to compliance with any such clauses referred to in Article 16(6) of the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) that would restrict the choice as regards the appointment of a statutory auditor or audit firm.16. Amendment of the charter of the Nomination BoardThe Nomination Board proposes to the general meeting that the charter of the Nomination Board is amended with respect to the following sections:Resignation of a member of the Nomination Board in case the shareholding decreases significantlyRight of a holder of nominee-registered shares to appoint a member to the Nomination BoardDecision-making of the Nomination Board when unanimity cannot be reachedConvening of the meetings and the way to hold meetingsMaking amendments to the charterThe proposal for amended charter is available on the company’s webpage at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.17. Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 8 of the articles of association is amended to correspond to the responsibility for the auditor oversight stipulated in the amended Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015). In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):8 § AuditorsThe company has one auditor  which shall be an auditing agency registered in the official register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office.The term of the auditor shall end at the closing of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.The Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 9 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to holding the meeting in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa as currently provided in the articles of association. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the wording regarding publishing the time and place of the meeting of shareholders and the address of the company website in one or more newspapers is changed from “shall advertise” to “may advertise”. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):9 § Notice of a meeting of shareholdersThe notice of a meeting of shareholders shall be served by the Board of Directors. The notice of a meeting of shareholders shall be advertised on the company website no earlier than two (2) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  and it shall not be served later than nine (9) days prior to the record date of the meeting. In addition  the company may advertise the time and place of the meeting of shareholders and the address of the company website in one or more newspapers.In order to be entitled to participate in a general meeting  the shareholders shall notify the company of their attendance by the date indicated in the notice of the meeting which cannot be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting. Since the shares of the company are registered in the book entry securities system  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the entitlement to attend the general meeting of shareholders must be taken into account.The general meeting of shareholders can be held in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.The Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 10 of the articles of association is amended to include resolving upon  in addition to the items that currently appear from Article 10  the remuneration policy  when necessary  and the adoption of the remuneration report. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):10 § The Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of shareholders shall be held by the end of June each year.In the meeting the following shall be:handled1. the financial statements  including consolidated financial statement  the annual report;2. the auditor's report;resolved upon3. the adoption of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet;5. the granting of discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director;6. the adoption of remuneration policy  when necessary;7. the adoption of the remuneration report;8. remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors;9. number of the members of the Board of Directors;elected10. members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of Directors;11. the auditor.It is proposed that the articles of association will otherwise remain unchanged.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own shares  in one or several instalments  using funds from unrestricted equity as follows:The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 7 200 000 of the company’s own shares amounting in total to approximately 9.8 per cent of the total number of shares in the company at the date of the general meeting.The Board of Directors shall resolve how the shares shall be repurchased. Shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase). The company’s own shares may be repurchased at a price quoted at the time of the repurchase through public trading in regulated market or at a price otherwise formed in the markets.Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorisation in order to finance and carry out acquisitions or other business transactions  in order to develop the company's capital structure  to improve the liquidity of the company's shares  to be granted for other purposes or to be cancelled.This authorisation will revoke the earlier authorisation granted by the general meeting on 15 March 2022 to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own shares.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual general meeting  however  no longer than 18 months from the date of the general meeting.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on issuing new shares or transferring the company’s own shares on one or more occasion as follows:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is entitled to resolve on issuing a maximum of 7 200 000 new shares or transferring the company’s own shares  amounting in total to approximately 9.8 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on all terms of the issuance of shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorisation includes the possibility to issue own shares to the company for free.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive plans or for other purposes as resolved by the Board of Directors.This authorisation will revoke the earlier authorisation granted by the general meeting on 15 March 2022 to resolve on the issuance of shares.This authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual general meeting  however  no longer than 18 months from the date of the general meeting.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThe above-mentioned resolution proposals relating to the agenda of the general meeting  the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies  the proposal for amended charter of the Nomination Board  as well as this notice are available on Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023. Uponor Corporation’s financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report will be available on the company’s website no later than 24 February 2023. The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the general meeting. Copies of these documents will be sent to a shareholder upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the company's website no later than 31 March 2023.No separate invitation to the Annual General Meeting will be sent.C. Instructions for the participants of the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder  who on the record date of the general meeting  7 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Registration and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023 at 10:00 EET. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Friday  10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:- via Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 - by telephone +358 010 2818 909 on weekdays at 9–12 EET and 13–16 EET - by email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information to agm@innovatics.fi  or- by mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.The shareholder  his/her legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of any shares that would entitle him/her to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the general meeting  i.e.  7 March 2023. The right to participate in the general meeting also requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been registered in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 14 March 2023 at 10:00 EET. This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request from his/her custodian bank  without delay  any necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  as well as the registration for the general meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company by the above-mentioned date at the latest  i.e.  14 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 as of 16 February 2023 at the latest. When registering by mail or email  a proxy representative shall deliver the duly completed and signed proxy documents together with the duly completed and signed registration and advance voting form in accordance with the instructions included in the form by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. When registering via the electronic registration and advance voting service on Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023  the proxy documents shall be attached to the service. Proxy documents should be delivered before the last date for registration (10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET)  by which time the proxy documents must be received.4. Advance votingRegistration for the general meeting and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting by voting in advance  shall register for the general meeting and vote in advance no later than Friday  10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration and votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they are present at the general meeting.With regards to a holder of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for nominee-registered shares.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 16 February 2023 – 10 March 2023 at 10:00 EET in the following ways:a) via Uponor Corporation’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023Electronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative via Finnish or Swedish online bank service or mobile certificate.One can register and vote in advance on behalf of another person or a company via proxy or by using the suomi.fi authorisation. If a proxy document is used  such document shall be attached to the service in connection with the registration and advance voting.Electronic registration and advance voting are considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting.b) by mail or email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023  or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information required for registration set out in the registration and advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions and the registration and advance voting form are available on the company's website at uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/agm-2023 as of 16 February 2023 at the latest. Further information is also available by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9–12 EET and 13–16 EET.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.On the date of release of this notice to the general meeting 15 February 2023  the total number of shares in Uponor Corporation is 73 206 944  each of which represents one vote. The total number of shares  on the date of the release  includes 530 950 shares held by Uponor Corporation  which do not have a voting right at the general meeting. Accordingly  the maximum total number of votes available at the general meeting amounts to 72 675 994. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of voting rights held in the general meeting.Shareholders also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting as a webcast. The webcast will mainly be held in Finnish and interpreted to English. Shareholders who have registered to follow the webcast will receive a link to the webcast transmission to the email address and/or telephone number provided in connection with the registration. In connection with the webcast of the Annual General Meeting  a chat function is available  through which shareholders can also submit questions during the meeting. Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting and that it is not possible for a shareholder to exercise his/her right to request information nor exercise his/her voting rights in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act in the meeting via the webcast.The voting ticket to the shareholder or proxy representative will be handed out upon registration at the general meeting.Coffee will be served after the meeting.Vantaa 15 February 2023Uponor CorporationBoard of DirectorsFranciska JanzonSenior Vice President  Corporate Communications and IRTel. +358 20 129 2821DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMediawww.uponorgroup.comUponor in briefUponor is a leading global provider of solutions that efficiently and effectively move water through cities  buildings  and homes. We help customers in residential and commercial construction  municipalities  and utilities  be more productive – and continuously find new ways to conserve  manage and provide water responsibly  unlocking its potential to provide comfort  health  and efficiency. Our safe drinking water  energy-efficient radiant heating and cooling systems  and reliable infrastructure solutions are sold in more than 80 countries. Uponor employs about 4 000 professionals in 26 countries in Europe and North America.In 2022  the company’s net sales totalled approximately €1.4 billion. Uponor Corporation is based in Finland and listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. www.uponorgroup.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Uponor Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'The Nomination Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'dividend payment date', 'yearly Board remuneration', 'financial period', 'yearly remuneration', 'record date', 'Uponor Corporation', 'Music House', 'Paavo Hall', 'voting tickets', 'proxy representatives', 'official participation', 'voting rights', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'consolidated auditor', 'balance sheet', 'two instalments', 'Governing Bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'public trading', 'two weeks', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'Remuneration Committee', 'full remuneration', 'Board member', 'Board meetings', 'half-year report', 'interim report', 'shareholder rights', 'shareholder register', 'other members', 'Remuneration Report', 'Deputy Chair', 'Directors’ report', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'March', 'Musiikkitalo', 'Mannerheimintie', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'attendees', 'distribution', '12:00 EET', 'company', 'advance', 'opportunity', 'webcast', '13:00 EET', 'information', 'accordance', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Review', 'business', 'President', 'CEO', 'website', '24 February', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'September', 'discharge', 'liability', 'January', '31 December', 'Handling', 'webpage', 'uponorgroup', 'investors', 'case', 'shares', 'rest', 'cash', 'publication', 'June', 'purchase', '09:05']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18491,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-kojamo-plc-301747323.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kojamo plc,Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release 15 February 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) HELSINKI  Feb. 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kojamo plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EE…,"Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release 15 February 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET)HELSINKI  Feb. 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kojamo plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EET) in Pikku-Finlandia at Karamzininranta 4  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of participants and the distribution of ballots will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m. (EET). Shareholders and their proxy representatives may also exercise voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C: ""Instructions for participants in the Annual General Meeting"".Shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. Instructions for shareholders to view the Annual General Meeting via webcast can be found at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  ask for permission to speak  or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via the webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or as exercise of shareholders' rights under the Finnish Companies Act.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDAThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the Meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the financial year 2022The CEO's review.Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm as of 15 February 2023.7. Adoption of the Financial StatementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the Financial Statements for the financial year 2022.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe parent company's distributable equity as at 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 251 059 319.00  of which the profit for the financial year was EUR 37 110 542.36. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.39 per share be paid from the distributable funds of Kojamo plc based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2022. Dividend shall be paid to shareholders who  on the record date of the dividend payment of 20 March 2023  are recorded in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on 5 April 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to approve the 2022 Remuneration Report for governing bodies. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on the approval of the Remuneration Report is advisory.The Remuneration Report of the company's governing bodies is available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm as of 15 February 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that members of the Board of Directors to be elected in the Annual General Meeting will be paid the following annual fees for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024:Chairman of the Board EUR 72 500Vice Chairman of the Board EUR 43 000other members of the Board EUR 36 000 andand Chairman of the Audit Committee EUR 43 000 .The members of the Board of Directors are paid only one annual fee according to their role so that no overlapping fees will be paid. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that an attendance allowance of EUR 700 be paid for each meeting and an attendance allowance of EUR 700 be paid for Committee meetings as well. For the members of the Board of Directors or the members of the Committees who reside abroad and do not have a permanent address in Finland  the attendance allowance will be multiplied by two (EUR 1 400)  if attending the meeting requires travelling to Finland.The Nomination Board proposes the annual fee to be paid as company's shares and cash so that approximately 40 per cent of the annual fee will be paid as Kojamo plc's shares and the rest will be paid in cash. The shares will be purchased in the name and on behalf of the members of the Board of Directors. The company will pay any transaction costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares. The shares in question can't be transferred earlier than two years from the transaction or before the term of the member of the Board of Directors has ended  depending which date is earlier. The shares shall be purchased within two weeks of the publication of Kojamo plc's Interim Report for 1 January - 31 March 2023.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024  the number of the members of the Board of Directors to remain the same and to be seven (7).13. Election of members and Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting Mikael Aro to be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors  and of the current members Kari Kauniskangas  Anne Leskelä  Mikko Mursula and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén  and as new members Annica Ånäs and Andreas Segal to be elected as members of the Board of Directors. A presentation of the proposed new members of the Board is attached to this notice.Matti Harjuniemi and Reima Rytsölä will leave the company's Board of Directors.All candidates have consented to being elected and are independent of the company. The candidates are also independent of the company's major shareholders.The members of the Board of Directors are presented on the company's website at: www.kojamo.fi/en/investors/corporate-governance/board/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor to be elected be remunerated against a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  authorised public accountants  be re-elected as the company's Auditor for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that it will appoint Petri Kettunen  APA  as the principally responsible auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's shares in an aggregate maximum amount of 24 714 439 shares. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company.Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorisation only by using unrestricted equity. Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors decides how the shares are repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorisation shall be in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.This authorisation cancels the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 16 March 2022 to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued on the basis of the authorisation shall not exceed an aggregate maximum of 24 714 439 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company. This authorisation applies to both  the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares held by the company.The Board of Directors decides on all terms of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorisation shall be in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.This authorisation cancels the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 16 March 2022 to decide on the issuance of shares as well as special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting proposes that an addition is made to the Articles of Association to allow the Board of Directors  at their discretion  to arrange a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue. Among other things  the addition would allow General Meetings to be arranged in a way that can facilitate shareholder participation  for example  in the event of a pandemic or other unforeseen and exceptional circumstances. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings with equal rights to those in customary General Meetings. Pursuant to the proposal of the Board of Directors  section 8 § of the Articles of Association would read after the addition as follows (addition in italics):""8 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held within six (6) months from the termination of the financial year  at a date specified by the Board of Directors. The Annual General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa.The notice convening the General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the Meeting  but no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting. The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the company's website or at least in one national daily newspaper designated by the Board of Directors.To be entitled to attend the General Meeting  a shareholder shall notify the company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that an annual or an extraordinary general meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner whereby shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the general meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).""19. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice  the Financial Statements of Kojamo plc  the consolidated Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available at the above-mentioned website no later than on 30 March 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  Monday  6 March 2023  in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting also by way of proxy representation. The use of proxy representatives is described below in section C.4 and advance voting in section C.5.2. Registration for the Annual General MeetingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder registered in the company's shareholders' register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the Annual General Meeting and  if they wish  vote in advance no later than by Wednesday  8 March 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the registration and any advance votes need to have been received.A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal book-entry account may register from 9.00 a.m. (EET) on 16 February 2023 until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 8 March 2023 by the following means:a. through the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agmOnline registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b. by mail or emailA shareholder may send a notice to attend by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous/ Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name and date of birth of a possible authorised proxy representative  legal representative or assistant. The personal data given to Kojamo plc or Innovatics Oy will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  their possible authorised proxy representative  legal representative or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.3. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on Monday 6 March 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily entered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by Monday 13 March 2023 by 10.00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  issuing of proxy authorisation documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account manager of the custodian shall  as needed  see to voting in advance on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares  no later than by Monday 13 March by 10.00 a.m. (EET).4. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights by appointing proxy representative. A proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.Proxy representatives must identify himself/herself personally to the online registration service and advance voting using strong authentication  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy authorisation document or otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorizations service.A template for the proxy authorisation document and voting instructions will be available at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. Possible proxy authorisation documents are requested to be submitted by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous/ Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period (8 March 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EET))  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative is authorised to represent the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Shareholders that are legal entities may  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations (using the authorisation topic ""Representation at the General Meeting""). When registering for the Annual General Meeting in the general meeting service  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which by choosing the person/entity they represent in the meeting  the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations.5. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal book-entry account may also vote in advance on certain agenda items of the Annual General Meeting from 9.00 a.m. (EET) on 16 February 2023 until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 8 March 2023 by the following means:a. through the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agmAdvance voting requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b. by mail or emailA shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the advance voting form available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Oy before the deadline for registration and advance voting  the submission constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the information requested on the advance voting form required for registration.Instructions relating to the advance voting are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.Shareholders who have voted in advance who wish to exercise their right to ask questions  demand a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal under the Finnish Companies Act must participate in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the General Meeting shall be Finnish. Shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Markets Act is available at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares in Kojamo plc and votes represented by such shares is 247 144 399. On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the company does not hold any of its own shares.Changes in the number of shares held after the record date of the Annual General Meeting shall not have an effect on the right to participate the Annual General Meeting nor on the number of votes held by a shareholder in the Annual General Meeting.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9.00 a.m. until 12.00 noon and from 1.00 p.m. until 4.00 p.m. (EET).In Helsinki  15 February 2023Kojamo plcThe Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Markus Kouhi  General Counsel  Kojamo plc  tel. +358 20 508 4238  markus.kouhi@kojamo.fiDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki  Key mediaKojamo is Finland's largest private residential real estate company and one of the biggest investors in Finland. Our mission is to create better urban housing. Lumo offers environmentally friendly housing and services for the city dweller who appreciates quality and effortlessness. We actively develop the value of our investment properties by developing new properties and our existing property portfolio. We want to be the property market frontrunner and the number one choice for our customers. Kojamo's shares are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. For more information  please visit https://kojamo.fi/en/.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/18367/3715162/9702d4108b4edf24.pdf CV Andreas Segal EN https://mb.cision.com/Public/18367/3715162/a9c4d00c545b402e.pdf CV Annica Ånäs ENSOURCE Kojamo Oyj",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kojamo plc', 'Notice', 'Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'one annual fee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'The Nomination Board', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual fees', 'meeting venue', 'The CEO', 'The Board', 'proxy representatives', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'distributable funds', 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'overlapping fees', 'Committee meetings', 'permanent address', '40 per cent', 'transfer tax', 'attendance allowance', '2022 Remuneration Report', 'Interim Report', ""shareholders' rights"", ""shareholders' register"", 'advance voting', 'record date', 'transaction costs', 'two weeks', 'Thursday 16 March', 'Vice Chairman', 'A. MATTERS', 'parent company', 'other members', 'company shares', '20 March', '31 March', '9.00 a', '10.00 a', 'February', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'Notice', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', 'reception', 'participants', 'distribution', 'ballots', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'agm', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'permission', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'review', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'Dividend', '5 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'approval', 'term', 'close', 'role', 'addition', 'Committees', 'cash', 'rest', 'name', 'behalf', 'purchase', 'publication', '1 January', 'number']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,prnewswire.co.uk
18492,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATRIUM-LJUNGBERG-AB-PUBL-6491582/news/Atrium-Ljungberg-Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Atrium-Ljungberg-AB-publ-42989390/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Atrium Ljungberg : Notice to Annual General Meeting in Atrium Ljungberg AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)  Notice to Annual General Meeting in Atrium Ljungberg AB    15 Feb 2023  08:30   The shareholders of Atrium Ljungberg AB are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 22 March 2023 at 5.00 p.m. at Filmsta…,"15 Feb 2023  08:30The shareholders of Atrium Ljungberg AB (publ) are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 22 March 2023 at 5.00 p.m. at Filmstaden  Marcusplatsen 19 in Sickla  NackaThe Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights in advance through an absentee ballot pursuant to Chapter 7  section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) and the Company's Articles of Association. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the General Meeting by attending by absentee ballot  in person or through a proxy.A shareholder who would like to participate at the General Meeting in person must be entered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by Tuesday 14 March 2023 and give notice of his or her intention to participate to the Company no later than Thursday 16 March 2023 at the address Atrium Ljungberg AB  Box 4200  131 04 Nacka  by telephone 08-615 89 00  via the Company's website www.al.se or through email: info@al.se. When giving notice of participation  the shareholder shall state name  personal identification number or company registration number  telephone number and number of shares represented.A shareholder who would like to participate at the General Meeting through an absentee ballot must be entered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by Tuesday 14 March 2023 and give notice of his or her intention to participate by having submitted an absentee ballot in accordance with the instructions below such that Computershare AB has received the absentee ballot no later than Thursday 16 March 2023.A special form must be used for the absentee ballot. This form is available on the Company's website  www.al.se. Terms and conditions for the absentee ballot are included in the form. The completed and signed form for the absentee ballot must be sent by mail to Computershare AB  ""Atrium Ljungberg AB's General Meeting""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  or by e‐mail to proxy@computershare.se and must be received by Computershare AB no later than Thursday 16 March 2023. A natural person may submit an absentee ballot electronically  for his or her shareholding as well as for a legal entity  with verification through BankID via the Company's website www.al.se. The Shareholder may not add special instructions or conditions to the absentee ballot. If this occurs  the vote (i.e. the absentee ballot in its entirety) will be invalid. If the shareholder submits an absentee ballot via proxy  the power of attorney must be attached to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  the certificate of registration or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted absentee ballot and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the General Meeting in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the General Meeting's secretariat prior to the opening of the General Meeting.For matters related to the General Meeting or the absentee ballot form  please contact Computershare AB by telephone at +46 (0)771 24 64 00.Shareholders who are represented by proxy must issue a written  signed and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney was issued by a legal entity  an attested copy of the current certificate of registration (or a corresponding document of authority for a foreign legal entity) must be appended. If participation is by way of proxy  such document should be submitted in connection with the notice of participation at the General Meeting. For shareholders who wish to participate at the General Meeting by proxy  a proxy form will be available at the Company's website  www.al.se and may be ordered by contacting the Company at the above telephone number.In order to be entitled to participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder who has registered their shares in the name of a nominee  in addition to announcing their intention to participate in the General Meeting  must request that their shares be registered in their own name so the shareholder is entered into the register of shareholders by Tuesday 14 March 2023. This registration may be temporary (se-called voting right registration) and is requested with the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in advance as determined by the nominee. Voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday 16 March 2023 are considered when preparing the shareholder register.Election of Chairman of the Meeting Approval of the agenda Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of at least one person to certify the minutes Establishment of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the Annual Report and the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statement and the Group Auditor's Report Resolution regarding adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director Resolution regarding appropriation of the Company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors Resolution regarding fees for the Board of Directors and the Auditors Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Auditor Approval of the remuneration report Authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new shares Authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to purchase and transfer own shares of the Company Resolution regarding amendments of the Articles of Association Resolution on a loan subsidy programme for Senior Executive of the Company for the acquisition of shares in the Company Closing of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee  consisting of Per-Erik Hasselberg (also Chairman of the Nomination Committee)  appointed by the Holmström Family  Lars Ericson  appointed by Konsumentföreningen Stockholm  Hans Hedström  appointed by Carnegie Fonder  Johan Ljungberg  appointed by the Ljungberg Family and Risto Murto  appointed by Ömsesidiga arbetspensionsförsäkringsbolaget Varma  proposes Johan Ljungberg to be elected as Chairman of the Meeting.The Board of Directors proposes a distribution of SEK 5.30 per share to be paid as ordinary dividend for the financial year 2022  divided into two instalments of SEK 2 65 per share each. It is proposed that the record date for the first instalment shall be Friday 24 March 2023  and that the record date for the second instalment shall be Friday 29 September 2023. If the General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be paid via Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 29 March 2023 and Wednesday 4 October 2023  respectively.The Nomination Committee has presented the following proposals:that the Board of Directors shall consist of six ordinary members of the Board of Directors;that the fees for the Board of Directors shall be SEK 1 680 000 of which SEK 480 000 shall be allocated to the Chairman and SEK 240 000 to each of the other members of the Board of Directors;that remuneration for work in the Audit Committee regarding the period up to the next Annual General Meeting shall be paid by SEK 115 000 to the Chairman of the Committee and 50 000 to each of the other members of the Committee appointed by the Board of Directors;that remuneration for the Auditors shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices; andthat the following members of the Board of Directors shall be re-elected: Johan Ljungberg (also re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors)  Gunilla Berg  Simon de Château  Conny Fogelström and Sara Laurell. New election of Johan Thorell. Erik Langby has declined re-election.In accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Nomination Committee proposes that Deloitte AB be elected as Auditor of the Company for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting to be held in 2024. If Deloitte AB is elected as Auditor in Charge  the audit firm intends to appoint the authorised public accountant Hans Warén to sign the Auditor's Report.For the following reasons  the Audit Committee recommends the election of Deloitte AB. Atrium Ljungberg has on behalf of the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee conducted an audit procurement based on a tender procedure. The participants in the tender consisted of KPMG  PwC  Ernst & Young and Deloitte. Deloitte has relevant experience from listed real estate companies and fully meets Atrium Ljungberg's requirements in terms of competence  resources  quality  and tools. Deloitte AB has also made the most attractive offer compared to the other three audit firms that participated in the tender in terms of team  audit profile  working methods and level of fees. The Audit Committee has confirmed that the recommendation is free from third party influence and that it is not the result of any conditions restricting the choice of auditors.At the General Meeting 2020 it was resolved to adopt Guidelines for remuneration of the Senior Executives of the Company. In accordance with Chapter 8  section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act the Board of Directors shall prepare a report for each financial year detailing unpaid and outstanding compensation that is covered under the Guidelines. The remuneration report shall be presented at the General Meeting for approval. The Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for the financial year 2022 is approved by the General Meeting. The report is available on the Company's website www.al.se.The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or more occasions  to decide on the issue of new Class B shares corresponding to a maximum of 10 per cent of the Company's share capital with or without disapplying the shareholders' preferential rights. An issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In the case of disapplying shareholders' preferential rights  the shares will be issued at market terms and conditions.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for any departure from shareholders' pre- emptive rights  is to enable timely and cost-efficient new share issues  with the aim of financing the acquisition of properties or businesses by the Company  or to carry out other investments.New share issues under this authorisation  departing from shareholders' pre-emptive rights  shall be based on a market-based subscription price that reflects market conditions at the time of issue.Both the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are authorised to make such minor adjustments to the decision as may prove necessary for the registration of the decision with the Companies Registration Office. Resolution to authorise the Board to take decisions on issues of new shares requires the support of shareholders who represent at least two thirds of the stated votes as well as the shares that are represented at the Meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  to resolve on repurchasing so many Class B shares that the Company's holding at no time exceeds 10 percent of all shares in the Company. The shares shall be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price within the price range registered at any given time  i.e. the range between the highest bid price and the lowest offer price  or through a public offer to all shareholders  whereby the purchase shall be made at a price equivalent to the lowest quoted share price at the time and a maximum of 150 per cent of the current quoted share price. Payment for shares repurchased shall be in cash. The Board may resolve to repurchase its own shares within the context of a repurchase program in accordance with Article 5 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation  provided the purpose of the acquisition is merely to reduce the Company's share capital.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  to resolve on the transfer of own Class B shares. The number of Class B shares transferred may not exceed the total number of shares held by the Company at any time. Transfers may be conducted on or outside Nasdaq Stockholm  including a right to resolve upon deviations from the shareholders' preferential rights. The transfer of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be conducted at a price within the registered price range at the time of the transfer. The transfer of shares outside Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price in cash or value in property received that in all material respect corresponds to the share price at the time of the transfer of the Class B shares in the Company.The purpose of the above authorisations is to give the Board of Directors greater scope to act when working with the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value and that the Company in a time efficient manner shall be able to make payment with own Class B shares in connection with possible acquisitions of properties or businesses that the Company may undertake. The purpose of the authorisation is also to be able to use the proceeds from the divestment of own shares in Class B in connection with  for example  investments in the Company's own ongoing or future projects and any acquisitions of properties or companies that the Company may undertake.Both the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are authorised to make such minor adjustments to the decision as may prove necessary for the registration of the decision with the Companies Registration Office. A valid resolution requires the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that § 7 of the Articles of Association shall read as follows: ""One or two auditors and a maximum of two deputy auditors shall be appointed at the Annual General Meeting to audit the management of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director and the Company's accounts and annual report.""The reason for the proposed change is that the Company's Audit Committee recommends that the Auditor be appointed annually.Both the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are authorised to make such minor adjustments to the decision as may prove necessary for the registration of the decision with the Companies Registration Office. A valid resolution requires the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company extends and expands the loan subsidy programme for a maximum of seven Senior Executives of the Company. The programme involves a gross salary-based interest rate financing of loans for share purchases in the Company. The gross salary increase shall correspond to an amount  net of tax  equal to the interest expense incurred in connection with taking out a loan with a bank designated by the Company for the purpose of financing the purchase of Class B shares in the Company on Nasdaq Stockholm. The gross salary increase is conditional on continued employment and may be available for a maximum of five years. Furthermore  the gross salary increase shall cease if the shares acquired with the support of the financing are disposed of. If part of the investment is disposed of  the gross salary increase is reduced proportionally. The gross salary increase can at most correspond to interest compensation for a loan of SEK 2.5 million for Senior Executives of the Company. However  a maximum loan amount of SEK 6 million applies to the Managing Director. The Company's annual cost for the loan subsidy programme as described above is estimated to approximately SEK 3.3 million including social security contributions at full participation and with an assumed annual interest rate of five per cent.The purpose of the bonus programme is to stimulate shareholding in the Company by Senior Executives and thereby strengthen Management's long-term interest in a good share price performance. The Board of Directors believes that the introduction of a program as described above is beneficial to Atrium Ljungberg AB's shareholders.The Annual Report for the financial year 2022 and the Board of Directors' statement in respect of the above proposal regarding profit distribution and authorisation to purchase own shares will be available at the Company as from 1 March 2023 at the address Smedjegatan 2C in Nacka and on the Company's website www.al.se. The Annual Report will also be distributed to shareholders prior to the Annual General Meeting and can be ordered by telephone +46 8 615 89 00 or by e-mail: info@al.se. Shareholders are hereby notified regarding the right to  at the General Meeting  request information from the Board of Directors and Managing Director according to Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.As of 15 February 2023  a total of 133 220 736 shares exists in the Company  representing a total of 169 220 736 votes  divided into 4 000 000 Class A shares and 129 220 736 Class B shares.The Company currently holds 7 114 875 own Class B shares.For information about how your personal data will be processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfNacka  February 2023Atrium Ljungberg AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsNotice Annual General Meeting Atrium Ljungberg 2023",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Atrium Ljungberg AB', 'Notice', 'consolidated balance sheet Resolution', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Atrium Ljungberg AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Consolidated Financial Statement', 'personal identification number', 'other authorization document', 'foreign legal entity', 'Annual General Meeting', 'voting right registration', 'absentee ballot form', 'company registration number', 'Computershare AB', 'consolidated profit', 'loss statement', 'voting rights', 'corresponding document', 'right registrations', 'agenda Preparation', 'voting list', 'Wednesday 22 March', 'Tuesday 14 March', 'Annual Report', 'telephone number', 'al.se', 'Thursday 16 March', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'current certificate', 'Meeting Approval', 'Group Auditor', 'natural person', 'one person', 'state name', 'dated power', 'The Shareholder', 'proxy form', 'shareholder register', 'Feb', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Filmstaden', 'Marcusplatsen', 'Sickla', 'Nacka', 'Board', 'Directors', 'advance', 'Chapter', 'section', 'Articles', 'Association', 'notice', 'intention', 'address', 'Box', 'website', 'email', 'info', 'participation', 'shares', 'accordance', 'Terms', 'conditions', 'Stockholm', 'shareholding', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vote', 'entirety', 'attorney', 'secretariat', 'opening', 'matters', 'written', 'copy', 'authority', 'way', 'connection', 'order', 'nominee', 'addition', 'procedures', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'minutes', 'Establishment', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'discharge', 'liability', '5.00']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18494,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-aspo-group-financial-statement-085000397.html,Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022,Aspo Plc Inside information February 15  2023  at 10:50 am Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Aspo Plc...,Aspo OyjAspo PlcInside informationFebruary 15  2023  at 10:50 amCorrection: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022Aspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on February 15  2023  at 9:30 a.m. In the original stock exchange release  guidance for 2023 was incorrectly commented on in the CEO’s review. Guidance for 2023 was correct in the section reserved for it and is as follows: Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023. Below the corrected release in its entirety.Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets.October–December 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales remained at the previous year’s level  being EUR 164.6 (163.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 (13.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 6.9% (8.5%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.6 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.7) million.Items affecting the comparability of the operating profit totaled EUR -16.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR -3.7 (8.7) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was -2.3% (5.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.2 (9.8) million  Telko EUR -7.7 (4.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million.Earnings per share were EUR -0.21 (0.17).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 22.0 (10.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 16.5 (4.1) million.January–December 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales increased by 11% to EUR 652.6 (586.4) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 55.3 (42.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 20.8 (21.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.3 (1.9) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -24.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR 33.9 (36.9) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.3% (6.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 38.1 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 7.3 (20.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million.Earnings per share were EUR 0.61 (0.76).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million.Story continuesGuidance for 2023Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the payment of dividendsAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date. Therefore  a maximum of EUR 0.46 (0.45) would be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year.More information about the proposed dividend distribution is available under section “Dividend proposal”.Key figures 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 38.1 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 7.3 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 -4.8 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -1.9 -1.9 -6.7 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % -2.3 5.4 5.3 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 22.0 10.7 67.7 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR 16.5 4.1 34.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 15.2 20.8 Equity ratio  % 34.7 32.0 Gearing  % 108.4 131.0 Equity per share  EUR 4.58 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2022:In the light of financial figures  2022 was a success and in many ways record-breaking. Aspo Group’s net sales increased to EUR 652.6 million  up by roughly 11% from the previous year. The comparable operating profit for 2022 increased to a record EUR 55.3 million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 8.5%. Both the increase in net sales and our comparable operating profit exceeded the financial targets set for the Group.Aspo’s net sales in October–December stood at EUR 164.6 million  and the comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 million. ESL Shipping especially supported the positive development of net sales and operating profit  with its record-breaking fourth quarter crowning its overall excellent year. The strong growth of Leipurin’s net sales during the fourth quarter was supported not only by high inflation rates  but also by the acquisition of the Swedish company Kobia AB at the beginning of September. Telko’s comparable operating profit in October–December was below the normal level which was due to the direct and reflected effects of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Eastern trade. Apart from the eastern markets  Telko’s net sales developed positively.The year 2022 turned out to be highly different from what we still assumed at the beginning of the year. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine dramatically changed the lives of many of our employees  and our entire operating environment changed drastically.Already in spring  we decided to withdraw from all our operations in Russia and from other selected eastern markets. The prerequisites for responsible business had vanished  and it became clear that we would set our sights even more firmly on western markets in accordance with our strategy updated at the end of 2021. We will continue to operate in Ukraine  and we want to support its development and do our part to help rebuild the country.In summer  we divested Leipurin’s machinery business Vulganus  and at the end of October  the divestment of Kauko was finalized. At the same time  we focused on developing our key businesses through acquisitions according to our compounder strategy  of which the acquisition of Kobia by Leipurin and Telko’s recent acquisitions were the most significant. During the year  we also made strategic investments  the most important of which was ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in new Green Coaster vessels using a pooling arrangement.We are heading to 2023 from a good position  and we will continue the determined implementation of our strategy. I believe that we can generate strong cash flow even in this challenging market environment and  in accordance with our financial guidance  we expect Aspo’s comparable operating profit to be higher than EUR 35 million in 2023. We continue to boost organic growth through strategic acquisitions.Thanks for Aspo’s excellent results in 2022 go to our entire personnel. I am particularly pleased and grateful for the dedication our personnel showed in supporting our colleagues in areas ravaged by the war and in ensuring their safety.ASPO GROUPFinancial results and targetsAspo’s financial targets announced on December 1  2021:Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130%With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%.In 2022  the Group’s targets were reached well overall. Aspo Group’s operating profit increased by 11%. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%)  clearly exceeding the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained at the level of 15.2% (20.8%) due to the items affecting comparability of EUR -24.1 million that mainly consisted of additional costs and impairment losses arising from Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  and whose negative impact on return on equity was roughly 15.6 percentage points. Aspo’s gearing decreased to 108.4% (131.0%)  well below the target level.Aspo Group’s comparable result for continuing and discontinued operationsAspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These include impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine.In December 2021  Aspo announced that Kauko operating segment was defined not being part of Aspo’s core operations  and Kauko was classified as a discontinued operation. On October 31  2022  Kauko was divested outside the Group  and its accumulated earnings until that date and the divestment loss are presented in the profit from discontinued operations  separate from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. However  Kauko’s results are included in Aspo Group’s total figures and comparable operating profit.Telko’s companies in Russia and Belarus  and Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan are classified as held for sale in the 2022 financial statements (eastern businesses held for sale below). The results of the eastern businesses held for sale are reported as part of Telko and Leipurin  as well as Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The assets and liabilities of the eastern businesses held for sale are presented on the balance sheet separately as assets and liabilities held for sale. When the eastern businesses were classified as held for sale  they were measured at fair value less cost to sell  resulting in the recognition of impairment losses totaling EUR 14.5 million in the fourth quarter  reported as items affecting comparability. On divestment  the recognition of the translation differences of the eastern businesses as part of sales losses as well as a possible change the fair value of the eastern businesses compared with the estimates made in the financial statements will also have a negative impact on the operating profit. On the closing date  the amount of the translation differences of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR -11.8 million. The amount fluctuates according to changes in exchange rates until the date of sale. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the result for the period has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity.Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Operating profit  Group total -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % -2.9 5.4 4.8 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 10 2 9 8 38 1 26 8 Telko  operating profit -7 7 4 4 7 3 20 4 Leipurin  operating profit -4 3 -3 6 -4 8 -2 4 Other operations  operating profit -1 9 -1 9 -6 7 -7 9 Operating profit from continuing operations -3 7 8 7 33 9 36 9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1 1 0 1 -2 7 -3 0 Operating profit  Group total -4 8 8 8 31 2 33 9 Items affecting comparability*) -16 1 -5 1 -24 1 -8 5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11 3 13 9 55 3 42 4*) Items affecting comparability  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Kauko Total Shipping operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Impairment losses -9 3 -5 0 -1 3 -15 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 8 -1 1 -0 6 -2 5 Divestment losses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -2 0 Total 0 7 -13 5 -8 1 -0 7 -2 5 -24 1In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million  and they are reported in the profit from discontinued operations. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million.Of the items affecting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -16.1 million  EUR -14.3 million were related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences. Of the items  EUR -0.4 million were recognized for the ESL Shipping segment  EUR -9.0 for Telko  and EUR -5.0 million for Leipurin. Items affecting comparability relating to reorganizations were EUR -0.4 million in the Leipurin segment and EUR -0.1 million in other operations. In addition  Kauko’s sales loss of EUR -1.2 million is included in the items affecting comparability and reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.Items affecting the comparability in 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.SustainabilitySustainability is a material factor which guides Aspo’s management system and especially the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be pioneers in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) goals for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2e (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) is 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping invests in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is significant in terms of monetary value  but above all  it helps the shipping company move towards its emissions target.During the past 12 months  emission intensity improved further to 0.33 (0.42)  driven by the increase in net sales and operational efficiency.Another key goal was a higher level of safety  with the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) being 8.1 (8.8) during the past 12 months. Even though TRIF improved from the previous year  we did not reach the target of 7.0 set for 2022.Aspo regularly assesses the satisfaction of employees with their own tasks  the quality of management  and Aspo as an employer by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. In 2021  Aspo started to use the People Power index  a new method of measuring job satisfaction  and it was also included in the Group’s sustainability goals. The operating environment remained fairly challenging in all businesses  and job satisfaction decreased slightly  while still being high: the Group achieved the rating of AA in 2022 (2021: AA+). However  the targeted level of AA+ was not achieved unlike in 2021.Aspo’s internal Compliance and Code of Conduct training includes anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. Aspo’s goal is that all of the Group’s personnel complete the training every year. In 2022  approximately 100% (89%) of the Group’s employees completed Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (88%) completed Compliance training.Operating environment and the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo’s operationsAspo’s operating environment changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The invasion has caused considerable general uncertainties in markets  higher interest rates  lower trust among consumers  price inflation  higher energy prices in particular  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates.Significantly suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The considerable damage to the energy distribution infrastructure in Ukraine made the situation even worse during the second half of 2022. The war drastically reduces operating conditions in eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  and selected values in particular. Aspo’s decision to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets  combined with the sanctions related to the war  has also reshaped Aspo’s logistics flows and operating models.ESL Shipping’s all operations have been suspended in Russia  and the released vessel capacity has been transferred to other operating areas. Telko has signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. At the end of 2022  Telko also signed a binding preliminary agreement on the sale of its subsidiary in Belarus to a member of its current management. A binding preliminary agreement was also signed with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor  after the end of the financial year on the sale of Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan.Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan stood at EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 4% of Aspo Group’s net sales. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus stood at EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 9% of Aspo Group’s net sales. The consolidated net sales of Telko and Leipurin in these countries accounted for roughly 13% of Aspo Group’s net sales in 2022 (16% of net sales in 2021).The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent the transportation of goods and the transfer of payments which has reduced the net sales and profitability of the operations in Russia. In addition  decreases in the companies’ operations and personnel have reduced Russia’s role in Aspo’s business operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight.The equity of the group companies in Russia is EUR 20.5 (16.6) million  comprising 14.3% (12.8%) of Aspo Group’s total equity. In Aspo Group  EUR 12.2 million in impairment losses associated with the equity of Russian companies have been recognized in the financial statements. Aspo’s assets in Russia mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents  inventories and accounts receivable. The number of employees in Aspo Group’s companies in Russia is decreasing  being 105 (193) at the end of the year.Rising interest and inflation rates  as well as weaker general economic estimates  have affected consumers’ purchasing behavior  for example  so that consumers have shifted from more expensive to more affordable products.While the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the news  it still has an impact on Aspo’s operating environment. For example  the global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on certain Aspo’s businesses  decelerating sales and the completion of orders. The markets are also characterized by disruptions in logistics flows and the low availability of certain products. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations especially among ESL Shipping’s crew members.Net sales by market area  continuing operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Share 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 58.6 45.4 35.8 224.4 175.2 34.9 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 23.6 137.6 109.4 21.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16 11.1 67.8 54.8 10.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 13.2 118.2 155.2 18.4 Other countries 26.8 22.5 16.3 95.4 78.7 14.8 Total 163.8 160 100 643.4 573.3 100During 2022  Aspo has reported its net sales by market area with the following division: Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The eastern markets’ share of total net sales continued to decrease during the fourth quarter of 2022  mainly due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and decisions to downsize operations in Russia and withdraw from the market as planned. As a result of the withdrawal from Russia  the division of Aspo’s main market areas will change at the beginning of 2023. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will direct its growth investments at western markets  and the eastern markets’ share of Aspo’s total net sales already decreased to 13.2% in the fourth quarter.Cash flow and financingThe Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–December was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. The cash flow of all businesses showed positive development during the year. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -6.7 (-22.0) million. The increase in working capital mainly comes from the advance payments for the vessels to be built in the ESL Shipping segment’s vessel pool and the customer receivables accumulated through high sales at the end of the year. This was partly compensated by the Telko segment’s working capital  which improved towards the year end. The free cash flow in January–December was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million. The amount of investments of EUR -17.8 (-15.9) million mainly included the ESL Shipping segment’s dockages and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the cash flow from investing activities includes EUR -17.9 million cash outflow on the acquisitions of Kobia  Mentum and Johan Steenks and a total of EUR 2.8 million in cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus as the most significant items.12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 189.2 187.3 Cash and cash equivalents 33.5 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 155.7 169.6Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 155.7 (169.6) million and gearing fell to 108.4% (131.0%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.7% (32.0%). The balance sheet strengthened as a result of improved profitability and the new hybrid instrument issued in June.Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -6.3 (-3.9) million. Exchange rate changes  especially the strengthened value of the Russian ruble  increased financial expenses by EUR 1.6 million from the previous year. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 3.3% (1.4%).The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 33.5 (17.7) at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 11.8 million. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained wholly unused (5).During 2022  Aspo extended its maturity structure for interest-bearing loans. In September  AtoBatC AB signed an EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan’s maturity is 15 years  and it has not yet been withdrawn. The loan  together with the ten-year loan agreement of EUR 20 million singed in June with the Nordic Investment Bank  of which EUR 19.6 million have been withdrawn  finances ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The project was launched in September 2021. In addition  Aspo restructured a bilateral bank loan of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new bilateral revolving credit facility which will mature in 2025. The loan agreement also includes two options for a one-year extension.In June  Aspo issued a new EUR 30 million hybrid instrument  with a coupon rate of 8.75% per annum. The hybrid instrument has no maturity  but the company may exercise an early redemption option in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s earlier hybrid instrument of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operationsAspo and its subsidiaries are exposed to various risks and uncertainties  which are mainly identified and managed in Aspo's businesses. The most important risks and preparedness for them are summarized and reported to Aspo's Board of Directors through Aspo's Audit Committee.Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causes significant geopolitical uncertainties. It affects the general economic environment  including inflation  energy and raw material prices  interest rates  and consumers’ trust.The ongoing process to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets will change the Group’s structure significantly and will affect the revenue model of Aspo’s businesses in the long term. There are risks that the withdrawal from the selected markets causes additional costs or losses  and that funds cannot be transferred from the markets or that the withdrawal is unsuccessful in full or in part. It is also possible that the official approvals required for the withdrawal from the markets are not obtained for example due to changes is legislation or that they are at risk or fail for some other reason.Financial activities and the prevailing geopolitical uncertainties have caused the prices of many raw materials  components and logistics services to rise rapidly. While Aspo may benefit from the price increases temporarily  the prices of raw materials or rental capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disruptions in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes are also increasing risks. The rapid increase in inflation has generally caused pressure for salary increases  which in Finland can lead to labor disputes  which can also negatively affect Aspo's businesses.International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may also affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. The geopolitical tensions may escalate and cause a direct adverse impact on business operations  put payments at risk and even suspend business operations. If escalated  cyber incidents and disruptions in information systems may cause damage to business operations.In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its steady profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary deterioration in the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial resources and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability.The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on Aspo’s operations has been limited at the group level  even though it has been significant in the Leipurin segment. The current and any new coronavirus variants and their rapid spread may suspend business operations and cause financial losses through stoppages in global logistics chains  among other factors.Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESS OPERATIONSESL ShippingESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 41 vessels with a total capacity of 425 000 deadweight tonnage (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (80% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 16 vessels (18%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 63.3 54.7 16 245.4 191.4 28 Operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 4 38.1 26.8 42 Operating profit  % 16.1 17.9 15.5 14.0 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.4 0.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 10.6 9.8 8 37.4 26.8 40 Comparable operating profit  % 16.7 17.9 15.2 14.0The fourth quarter of 2022 marked the best quarter in ESL Shipping’s history measured by the operating profit. Net sales increased by 16% from the previous year to EUR 63.3 (54.7) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter increased by 8% to record-breaking EUR 10.6 (9.8) million. The operating profit of EUR 10.2 (9.8) million includes EUR -0.4 million in expenses associated with suspended operations in Russia.High demand in the shipping company’s main market areas  the shipping company’s long-term partnership strategy and the successful operations of the onshore and offshore personnel enabled the excellent results. Weather conditions were also favorable for operations. The comparable operating profit rate of 16.7% (17.9%) achieved during the fourth quarter was once again excellent. During the quarter  the prices of diesel and liquefied natural gas (LNG) used as ship fuels decreased from the previous quarter  while remaining roughly twice as high as in the comparative period. The high level of fuel surcharges increased net sales and reduced the operating profit rate  which is used as an indicator of relative profitability.During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The volume development was based on the transfer of raw material deliveries away from Russia which has extended transportation distances especially for energy coal. The final quarter is also normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation involving the security of supply  the low availability of biofuels and longer transportation distances  the percentage of energy coal from all transportation operations tripled during the fourth quarter from the comparative period.The profitability of all the shipping company’s vessel categories was excellent during the fourth quarter. In fourth quarter  production plants of several contractual customers underwent relatively large maintenance stoppages and restricted production due to lower demand and high energy costs. High demand experienced in the energy industry enabled the vessels to continue to operate at full capacity during the fourth quarter. The spot cargo market decreased in all customer segments and vessel categories during the quarter. After operations in Russia were suspended  demand for ESL Shipping’s loading and unloading operations for vessels at sea shifted to the southern Baltic Sea where it was maintained by the high demand for energy coal transportation during the fourth quarter and congestion at ports suitable for large ocean liners.Six time-chartered vessels of the smaller vessel category were redelivered to their owners as the charter agreements ended at the end of the fourth quarter and as the price of an extended charter period became too high.The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB    at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. The first four new vessels are already under construction  and the first vessel is to be delivered during fall 2023.One larger vessel was docked for seven days during the fourth quarter and one smaller vessel was out of service for 26 days. In 2022  dockage days totaled 141 (229).The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December increased from the comparative period by 28% to EUR 245.4 (191.4) million. The comparable operating profit was the highest in the company’s history at EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 15.2% (14.0%). The operating profit rate clearly exceeded the long-term target of 14%. Comparability was affected by the gain from the sale of the barge Espa and costs associated with the suspended operations in Russia. Their impact on net results was EUR 0.7 million and  as a result  ESL Shipping’s operating profit amounted to EUR 38.1 (26.8) million and its operating profit rate was 15.5% (14.0%) for 2022 as a whole.The shipping company’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The aim is to halve carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. During 2022  ESL Shipping transported 14.7 (14.8) million tons of cargo  and its vessels consumed 819 988 (898 158) MWh of energy. CO2 emissions per transported ton decreased by 7.5% to 0.015 (0.016) tons of carbon dioxide per ton of cargo. The new energy-efficient operating models applied to port visits supported the positive development.ESL Shipping outlook for 2023General macroeconomic uncertainties have increased in ESL Shipping’s main market areas. Higher inflation and slower economic growth increase demand and pricing pressure among the shipping company’s main customers. Finland’s labor market may experience unrest during the spring  and its impact through overtime bans and strikes may be significant on key customers and especially on the effectiveness of the transport chain.Global demand estimates in sea transportation markets and price levels of spot markets have decreased considerably from the previous year. On the other hand  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for round-the-year operations in the Baltic Sea is limited. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main customers is expected to be satisfactory  albeit slightly lower than in the previous year. Demand for energy deliveries outside Finland is expected to remain high during the first half of the year. In the forest industry  pulp delivery volumes are looking positive  but only satisfactory for sawn goods. Volumes are looking satisfactory in the steel industry. Now that deliveries of Russian raw materials have stopped  certain of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers are forced to seek new suppliers for part of their production input required in new geographic areas. Not all of these procurement routes have yet become stabilized which may cause an imbalance in ESL Shipping’s operations. The role of energy coal transportation is expected to decrease significantly when the preparation situation returns to normal and demand shifts towards other energy forms.The majority of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the Supramax vessels. Currently  the expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels do not meet the realities in the shipping company’s main market areas which may cause further uncertainties in the availability of a suitable and sufficient tonnage. The impact of rising energy prices on ESL Shipping’s costs is compensated effectively through fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements.Surveys show that ESL Shipping’s customer satisfaction is at an excellent level  similarly to the personnel’s commitment and job satisfaction. Activities to further improve customer and employee satisfaction  sustainability and occupational safety will continue.The shipping company’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping will continue the development of a fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in line with the green transition and the vessels designed for it in cooperation with its key customers. The shipping company is participating in projects aimed to produce green hydrogen through renewable electricity and to further process it as fossil-free fuel for the shipping company’s vessels.During 2023  four larger and two smaller vessels will be docked for a total of approximately 100 days.TelkoTelko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China.In October 2022  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. In December  Telko finalized the preliminary agreement to divest its subsidiary in Belarus  to a member of its current management. Both business transactions still need to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 59.2 73.6 -20 267.4 268.8 -1 Operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 -275 7.3 20.4 -64 Operating profit  % -13.0 6.0 2.7 7.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -9.0 -0.8 -13.5 -0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 5.2 -75 20.8 21.2 -2 Comparable operating profit  % 2.2 7.1 7.8 7.9During the fourth quarter  Telko’s net sales decreased steeply to EUR 59.2 (73.6) million. Telko’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased after sales in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine dropped substantially from the previous year. Telko’s net sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased. Demand remained stable in Telko’s all business operations.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and the operating profit rate was 2.2% (7.1%). Net sales and operating profit decreased from the previous year  especially due to weak development and negative results in Russia. Telko’s result for the fourth quarter includes items affecting comparability  which reduced Telko’s operating profit by EUR 9.0 million in total. Impairment losses regarding companies in Russia and Belarus of EUR 9.3 million and other expenses of EUR 0.2 million were recognized relating to the withdrawal from Russia. In addition  the credit loss provision recognized from accounts receivable in Ukraine was reversed by EUR 0.5 million. The combined comparable operating profit of the above countries was slightly negative during the fourth quarter.Telko’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR -7.7 (4.4) million. The operating profit rate was -13.0% (6.0%). Impairment losses associated with inventories  exchange rate losses  and costs related to corporate restructuring also had a negative impact on the operating profit.The net sales of the plastics business decreased by 25% during the fourth quarter to EUR 29.6 (39.7) million  mainly due to the decrease in Telko’s operations in Russia. In Telko’s European markets  demand for plastic polymers remained at a normal level in general. Sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased slightly  regardless of the downward trend in prices. While the steep decline in the prices of volume plastics turned to an increase during the fourth quarter  the prices are still lower than during the corresponding period in the previous year. The prices of technical plastics decreased slightly during the fourth quarter but were clearly above the comparative period’s level. The acquisition of the operations of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of technical plastic raw materials and plastics  increased the net sales of the plastics business during the fourth quarter  while it had no significant impact on results.During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 32% to EUR 15.9 (23.4) million. Sales decreased steeply in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. The weak development especially in Ukraine resulted from the disruptions in the electricity distribution infrastructure due to the war which directly limited production. Total sales in other countries increased significantly  regardless of the decrease in prices. Prices started to increase during the fourth quarter. Telko’s chemicals business is divided between several customer groups which evens out any fluctuations in demand.During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the lubricants business increased by 31% to EUR 13.7 (10.5) million. Sales increased in all key product groups. The increase in sales resulted from high price levels  the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021  and very positively developed sales of industrial lubricants. Prices of lubricants increased slightly during the fourth quarter. Russia’s invasion in Ukraine did not have any direct impact on the lubricants business.Telko’s net sales in January–December decreased by 1% to EUR 267.4 (268.8) million. The full-year comparable operating profit of EUR 20.8 million was only slightly lower than the previous year’s record-high comparable operating profit (21.2). The comparable operating profit rate remained high at 7.8% (7.9%). Exchange rate losses of EUR 2.5 million reduced the operating profit.Telko’s full-year operating profit fell by 64% to EUR 7.3 (20.4) million. The operating profit rate was 2.7% (7.6%). Results decreased due to the warehouse destroyed in Ukraine  the impairment losses associated with companies in Russia and Belarus  and other costs arising from the withdrawal from Russia  which totaled EUR -13.5 million and have been reported as items affecting comparability.Telko outlook for 2023As announced previously  Telko has agreed to divest its operations in Russia and Belarus. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus were EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022. Both sales transactions require approval by the local authorities. Telko expects the Russian transaction to be completed during the first quarter of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved.In 2023  Telko’s net sales and profit will be significantly lower than in the previous year due to the changed situation in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. In other countries  demand is expected to remain moderate  even though there will be differences between businesses.The prices of plastics and chemicals decreased steeply during the latter half of 2022  while still being clearly above the long-term average. It is assumed that the most significant price corrections took place during 2022  but the prices are expected to decrease slightly during the first half if energy prices do not experience a considerable increase. In high added value products  on which Telko focuses in accordance with its strategy  price changes are typically more moderate. Significant changes in prices have a short-term impact on margins. Demand for lubricants is expected to remain stable  and prices are expected to increase at least during the first half of 2023.In western markets  demand will involve uncertainties during the next few months. Demand indices have decreased in the construction and automotive industries in Europe. High energy prices and inflation rates will affect demand during the next few months  in particular. At the end of the year  demand will  above all  be affected by the general development of purchasing power in Europe. The lifting of coronavirus restrictions in China is expected to increase local demand. In addition  higher demand in China may have an impact on global price development during the first part of the year. In Central Asia  demand is expected to remain relatively high. Sales in Ukraine will be lower during the first half than in the previous year  while they are expected to be at the 2022 level during the rest of the year  depending completely on the development of the war.Telko will continue its activities to improve its operational efficiency and scalability. Inflation causes general increases in costs. On the other hand  cargo expenses  especially in Asia  will be materially lower than in the previous year.The recent structural arrangements continued when Telko announced on January 31  2023  that it will acquire Eltrex  a Polish company specialized in the distribution of chemicals. According to its strategy  Telko continues to accelerate its growth through acquisitions in addition to organic growth.LeipurinLeipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four business units  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  Baltics  and East. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. The Leipurin segment’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. The Leipurin segment uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners.On April 22  2022  Aspo announced that Leipurin will withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. In January 2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell its subsidiaries in these countries to a private investor. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 41.3 31.7 30 130.6 113.1 15 Operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 19 -4.8 -2.4 100 Operating profit  % -10.4 -11.4 -3.7 -2.1 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -5.4 -4.3 -8.1 -4.3 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 3.3 1.9 74 Comparable operating profit  % 2.7 2.2 2.5 1.7 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 4.1 2.4 71 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 2.7 2.3 3.2 2.2Leipurin’s operations were still affected by the restrictions in eastern markets due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the high price inflation in global raw material markets  and challenges related to the availability of raw materials.Leipurin’s total net sales increased by 30% during the fourth quarter to EUR 41.3 (31.7) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 2.7 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy. The Finland business unit’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 12.2 (11.3) million. In the Baltics  net sales increased by 18% to EUR 10.0 (8.5) million. Net sales of the East business unit decreased by 32% to EUR 6.2 (9.1) million due to the reduced product range  consisting only of local procurement. The decrease in the net sales of the East business unit was also significantly affected by the decrease in operations in Ukraine down to roughly 9% from the comparative year’s level. Sweden was established as a new business unit as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  and it accounted for EUR 12.9 million and approximately 31% of Leipurin’s net sales in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 41% to EUR 28.6 (20.3) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 35% to EUR 4.2 (3.1) million.The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets continued to have a significant impact on Leipurin’s sales during the fourth quarter. Measured in kilograms  the decrease in sales intensified in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics  whereas sales continued to be roughly half of the previous year’s level in the East business unit. The weak volume development is mainly driven by the decrease in consumers’ trust in the current market situation  in which energy costs and interest rates are especially rising steeply. The significant increase in living expenses continued in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics which reduced the inflation-adjusted sales volume of retail and strengthened the shift in consumers’ demand towards more affordable products. The positive development of profit margins continued  regardless of the negative trends in volumes.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.3%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -5.4 (-4.3) million  included costs and impairment losses arising from the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan  and costs associated with the reorganization of Leipurin’s group operations. The comparability of the comparative period was affected by animpairment loss recognized on goodwill. Leipurin’s operating loss for the fourth quarter was EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million. Reversal of a fair value allocation of inventories amounting to EUR -0.5 million which arised from the acquisition of Kobia  had a negative impact on the operating profit.In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 130.6 (113.1) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 11.4 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy  which were EUR 7.1 million higher than in 2022  but the increase in raw material sales in western markets was particularly strong during the review period compared to the corresponding period in the previous year. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2022 was EUR 3.3 (1.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.7%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 4.1 (2.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.2% (2.2%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -8.1 (-4.3) million  were mainly related to the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the acquisition of Kobia  and the divestment of Vulganus. The reported operating profit was negative at EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million. Kobia’s impact on Leipurin’s operating profit was still negative due to the reversal of the EUR 0.5 million fair value allocation of inventories related to the acquisition.Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The loss arising from the divestment and the expenses related to it  totaling EUR -0.4 million  are reported under the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Leipurin acquired all shares in Kobia AB  a Swedish distributor in the bakery industry  from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia AB comprises Leipurin’s new Sweden business unit  and it has been included in Aspo Group’s figures since September 1  2022. Kobia’s annual net sales are approximately EUR 50 million  and its operating profit rate is roughly 3%. The acquisition strengthens Leipurin’s position as the leading company in the Baltic Sea region.Leipurin outlook for 2023The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and results. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022. The divestment of the operations in the eastern markets still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Leipurin expects the transaction to be completed during the first half of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved.The expansion to Sweden through the acquisition of Kobia AB will increase Leipurin’s annual net sales by roughly EUR 50 million and produce considerable synergy benefits in the development of the product range  and in the supply chain and procurement. It also enables partners to be served in a larger geographic area. The integration of operations has progressed according to plans.Inflation and the rising energy prices  in particular  have a negative impact on demand for more expensive products  potentially presenting profitability challenges among the bakery segment’s customers. The decreased purchasing power may have a negative impact on demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers prefer more affordable products.The upward trend is expected to continue in the prices of main raw material categories  even though the rapid inflation during the review period is expected to decelerate considerably. This is expected to take place during the first half of 2023.Despite these challenges  Leipurin sees that the market will offer a highly stable environment in the long term and also opportunities for organic growth in selected market segments. In addition  the profitability program that was launched earlier develops the organization's ability to lead with information and helps to improve financial performance in particular. The program focuses both on selected growth clusters and on improving the efficiency of operations. This program is expected to contribute to improving Leipurin’s financial development.The impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic on the global supply chains  the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times will continue.The management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well at present. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers.Other operationsOther operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. The comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.8 (-1.9) million during the fourth quarter. The reported operating profit of EUR -1.9 (-1.9) million includes EUR -0.1 million in restructuring expenses affecting comparability.The comparable operating profit for 2022 was EUR -6.0 (-7.9) million. The reported operating profit was EUR -6.7 (-7.9) million  including EUR -0.7 million in items affecting comparability that are mainly related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO and restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATIONAspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade.Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital.Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources.In January-December 2022  a total of 4 242 696 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 33.9 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  13.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.01 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 8.20. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 257.1 million.The company had 11 712 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 077 145 shares  or 3.43% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.Dividend proposalAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution  while leaving room for strategic investments. Aspo started to pay dividends twice a year in 2017.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 357 529 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release.The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.RemunerationShare-based incentive plan 2022–2024On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares.The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors.The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash.For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall.Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee.The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. In March 2022  based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid in cash to cover taxes.Share-based incentive plan 2020In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal quantity will take place in 2023.DividendAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022.At its meeting held on November 2  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second installment of dividends  EUR 0.22 per share  on the basis of the authorization provided at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend was paid on November 11  2022.The Board of Directors and the auditorAt the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members.In 2022  the Board of Directors arranged 21 meetings. The participation rate was 99%.The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.In 2022  99 400 share were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donationsAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023.In 2022  donations of approximately EUR 55 000 were made.Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ MeetingThe shareholders’ Nomination Board consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. According to the list of shareholders as of August 31  2022  the following representatives of the largest shareholders are members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: Roberto Lencioni  chair (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  chairman of Aspo’s Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board.The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023 that the Board of Directors will have seven members.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31. The Nomination Board considers this to better support its activities  with the new date giving it more time to prepare proposals.Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Aspo's long-time board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Mammu Kaario  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the members of the Board of Directors be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):- members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month- Vice Chair: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month- Chair: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per monthThe Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Other operating income 1.1 0.2 3.3 0.5 Materials and services -109.8 -97.3 -402.9 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -14.1 -13.0 -54.4 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -6.9 -8.8 -19.9 -20.8 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -4.6 -3.8 -16.7 -13.7 Other operating expenses -33.2 -28.6 -118.9 -102.3 Operating profit -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Financial income and expenses 0.7 -1.0 -6.3 -3.9 Profit before taxes -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Income taxes -1.3 -2.1 -4.1 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit for the period -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 Discontinued operations -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Total -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet12/2022 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 46.8 45.9 Tangible assets 178.4 168.9 Leased assets 15.9 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.5 1.7 Total non-current assets 242.6 237.2 Inventories 69.9 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 69.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 21.7 17.7 160.9 160.7 Assets held for sale 12.4 8.4 Total current assets 173.3 169.1 Total assets 415.9 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 121.7 107.4 Total equity 143.7 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 154.3 142.4 Lease liabilities 4.6 6.9 Other liabilities 7.6 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 166.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 17.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 11.7 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 72.3 79.3 101.8 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 6.8 Total current liabilities 105.7 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 415.9 406.3Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 31.2 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 50.6 39.6 Change in working capital -6.7 -22.0 Interest paid -4.2 -4.4 Interest received 0.3 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.5 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 67.7 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -17.8 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -17.9 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -33.3 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -18.7 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -16.2 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.1 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities -16.5 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 17.8 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 Translation differences 0.0 0.9 Impairment loss on cash and cash equivalents -2.0 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 33.5 17.7 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.8 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 21.7 17.7Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 25.3 25.3 Translation differences 2.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income 2.2 25.3 27.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.8 -1.8 Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions -11.6 -11.6 with owners Equity December 31  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.7 95.6 129.4Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited.Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication.PersonnelAt the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 886 (944) employees.Segment informationAspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin.Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.1 7.3 -4.8 -6.7 33.9 Net financial expenses -6.3 -6.3 Profit before taxes 27.6 1-12/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 26.8 20.4 -2.4 -7.9 36.9 Net financial expenses -3.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 33.0 Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 17.8 Investments 1-12/2021 15.3 0.5 0.1 15.9Green Coaster investment commitmentAtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them will start operating in the third quarter of 2023.During the third quarter of 2022  it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared its option and ordered five additional vessels from the Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which AtoBatC has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors.Advance payments for the vessels to be sold further have been recognized in inventories. At the end of the financial year  inventories included EUR 10.2 million in advance payments for the Green Coaster vessels.ESL Shipping’s total investment comprises six vessels and roughly EUR 70 million.Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales. from continuing operationsTelko net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 29.6 39.7 -25.4 136.9 146.7 -6.7 Chemicals business 15.9 23.4 -32.1 80.3 83.6 -3.9 Lubricants business 13.7 10.5 30.5 50.2 38.5 30.4 Telko total 59.2 73.6 -19.6 267.4 268.8 -0.5Leipurin net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Regions: Finland 12.2 11.3 8.0 46.6 40.4 15.3 Sweden 12.9 17.3 Baltics 10.0 8.5 18.0 36.8 30.6 20.4 East 6.2 9.1 -32.1 25.6 30.7 -16.7 Total 41.3 29.0 42.4 126.3 101.7 24.2 of which: Bakeries 28.6 20.3 40.8 87.9 73.2 20.1 Food Industry 4.2 3.1 34.5 14.2 11.0 28.8 Retail  foodservice  other 8.5 5.5 53.7 24.2 17.4 38.8 Machinery trading Russia 2.0 -100.0 0.0 7.3 -100.0 Vulganus 0.7 -100.0 4.3 4.1 4.9 Leipurin total 41.3 31.7 30.4 130.6 113.1 15.5Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.6 0.9 3.5 3.6 Over time 62.7 53.8 241.9 187.8 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko At a point in time 59.1 73.5 267.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.3 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 41.3 29.7 127.3 107.5 Over time 0.0 2.0 3.3 5.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total At a point in time 101.0 104.1 397.8 379.6 Over time 62.8 55.9 245.6 193.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales by market area 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.6 20.2 121.5 84.3 Scandinavia 11.9 17.4 58.5 54.1 Baltic countries 0.6 2.3 2.9 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.6 1.3 2.5 Other countries 18.2 14.2 61.2 47.0 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko Finland 13.7 12.4 53.5 47.6 Scandinavia 14.1 14.1 61.7 52.4 Baltic countries 7.6 5.0 28.2 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 15.4 34.0 91.3 117.3 Other countries 8.4 8.1 32.7 31.1 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.3 12.8 49.4 43.3 Scandinavia 12.6 0.7 17.4 2.9 Baltic countries 10.0 8.7 36.7 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.2 9.3 25.6 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.5 0.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total Finland 58.6 45.4 224.4 175.2 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 137.6 109.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16.0 67.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 118.2 155.2 Other countries 26.8 22.5 95.4 78.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3Acquisition of Kobia ABLeipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit rate was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transactions are significantly affected by market conditions.The purchase price of EUR 15.7 million was paid fully in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.7 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.4 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 2.2 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.1 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 12/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.7 Total consideration 15.7 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value Intangible assets 0.8 Tangible assets 13.6 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.3 Total liabilities 8.9 Net assets acquired 15.6 Goodwill 0.1Acquisition of Johan SteenksTelko completed the acquisition of the operations of the Norwegian company Johan Steenks AS on October 3  2022. Johan Steenks is a distributor of technical plastic raw materials and additives for plastics  and it has an established customer base in the Norwegian markets and a number of well-known principals. The company’s annual net sales are roughly EUR 5 million. The business acquisition had no significant impact on Telko’s net sales or results during the final quarter of the year. The purchase price was approximately EUR 2.0 million  of which EUR 0.7 million were allocated to inventories and the remaining EUR 1.3 million were recognized as an increase in goodwill. The cash flow from the acquisition in 2022 was EUR -1.9 million.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for saleIn October 17  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the Russian authorities. Telko’s company in Russia has been classified as held for sale since October 2022 when the preliminary agreement on the sale was signed. Telko’s company in Belarus has been classified as held for sale since December 2022 when the agreement on the sale was signed with the company’s acting management.Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan have been classified as held for sale since December 31  2022 when their divestment started to seem probable. A binding preliminary agreement on their sale was signed on January 17  2023 with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities.The Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo and classified as held for sale in December 2021. Vulganus was sold to KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH  the leading manufacturer of bakery machines in Austria  on June 30  2022. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million   are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard  and its figures are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. Kauko Oy was sold to Signal Partners Oy on October 31  2022.Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Materials and services -0.6 -2.3 -6.9 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.2 -0.4 -1.5 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 0.0 -1.3 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 Other operating expenses -1.1 -0.4 -2.2 -1.2 Operating profit -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Profit before taxes -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 0.0 Profit for the period -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of the Kauko operating segment  to the extent that they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to the Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations for the financial year is EUR 0.3 (0.4) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. The profit from discontinued operations also includes the EUR -1.2 million loss on sale of Kauko Oy recognized during the fourth quarter. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter of 2021.Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.6 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -1.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -3.2 -1.2Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. The cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy in 2022 was EUR -1.0 million  and it is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The costs to sell of EUR -0.4 million are included in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consists of repayments of interest-bearing loans.Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 5.5 Other assets held for sale 12.4 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 3.9 6.8On the balance sheet  the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period have not been restated.In 2022  assets and liabilities classified as held for sale included the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale in eastern markets. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the companies held for sale  excluding internal assets and liabilities that have been eliminated. In 2021  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations included the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale at the end of 2021 consisted of Vulganus Oy’s assets and liabilities. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended on December 1  2021  for Kauko and Vulganus when they were classified as held for sale. The depreciation and amortization expense was recognized as part of sales losses in conjunction with the divestment of the companies. Telko Russia was classified as held for sale on October 31  2022  and the other companies held for sale in eastern markets on December 31  2022. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended at the time of the classification as held for sale.At the time of classification as held for sale  the net assets of the companies in eastern markets were measured at fair value less cost to sell  which was lower than the carrying amount. As a result  an impairment loss of EUR 9.4 million was recognized in the Telko segment and EUR 5.2 million in the Leipurin segment during the fourth quarter  which are reported as part of the Telko and Leipurin segments’ figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.Impairment losses in income statement 2022 Telko Leipurin Total MEUR MEUR MEUR Impairment losses  tangible and intangible assets 0.6 1.1 1.7 Impairment losses  leased assets 0.8 0.1 0.9 Materials and services 4.8 2.4 7.2 Other operating expenses 3.1 1.4 4.5 Income taxes 0.0 0.2 0.3 Total 9.4 5.2 14.6The impairment losses recognized on the assets of the companies in eastern markets were mainly allocated to inventories  accounts receivable  and cash and cash equivalents. In addition  an impairment loss was recognized on goodwill  determined in based on the ratio between the fair values of the divested companies and the segment.Restricted cash and cash equivalentsIn Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 13.5 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group is EUR 11.5 million  as an impairment loss of EUR 2.0 million was recognized on the cash and cash equivalents in conjunction with the IFRS 5 classification of the companies in Russia. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. It was still possible to pay dividends and make commercial payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. According to our understanding  the purchase prices of the operations held for sale in eastern markets can be transferred in conjunction with their sale. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  which is why they must be considered restricted cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7.Events after the review periodOn January 17  2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell all shares in its subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan to Timur Akhiyarov. Russian-born Akhiyarov will invest in Leipurin’s operations in eastern markets as a private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. Rights to Leipurin’s name and trademarks are not included in the transaction. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities.The Belarusian subsidiaries of Telko and Leipurin have been added to the list of companies whose transfer of shares are prohibited by a decision issued by the Council of Ministers of Belarus at the end of January 2023. Because of this  it is deemed unlikely that the sale of Telko's Belarusian business would proceed. This does not change Aspo Group's previously published assessment of the financial effects of the divestment. Leipurin’s Belarusian subsidiary is part of an agreement according to which the share capitals of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan would be sold to the same buyer. The decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus does not change the previously published assessment of the financial effects of the transaction  nor does it prevent the sale of Leipurin’s Russian and Kazakh subsidiaries.On January 31  Telko acquired a Polish distribution company Eltrex. Eltrex is a distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  and its annual net sales are approximately 8 million euros and operating profit slightly under one million euros.On February 9  2023  Leipurin completed a sale and lease back agreement for its warehouse property in Gothenburg  Sweden. The property came into Leipurin’s ownership via the Kobia acquisition that took place on 1 September 2022. The buyer of the property is Revelop  a Swedish real estate investor. As a result of the sale and lease back transaction  Aspo recognizes a sales gain of approximately EUR 0.4 million. According to the terms of the agreement  Leipurin leases the property for five years. The transaction is close to cost neutral  as the depreciation expense of the assets owned will be replaced by depreciation and interest expense for the leased assets of similar size.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on February 15  2023 at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing johanna.ahtiainen@aspo.com.The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the conference.The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/full_year_result_2022. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009756. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 900 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.18,0.57,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'Correction', 'January', 'December', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'original stock exchange release', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'strong financial performance', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Free cash flow', 'increasing dividend distribution', '2022 financial year', 'Net cash', 'operating activities', 'Aspo Oyj', 'Aspo Plc', 'net sales', 'previous year', 'ESL Shipping', 'later date', 'Rolf Jansson', 'continuing operations', 'Other operations', 'discontinued operations', 'Dividend proposal', 'corresponding period', 'maximum amount', 'More information', 'Key figures', 'Equity ratio', 'February', 'Correction', 'January', 'December', '9:30 a', 'guidance', 'CEO', 'review', 'section', 'entirety', 'brackets', 'level', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'Earnings', 'Story', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'dividends', 'aim', 'April', 'addition', 'EUR', 'taxes', 'EPS', 'Return', 'ROE', '10:50', '2023', '2021']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18495,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aspo-group-financial-statement-release-073100946.html,Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022: Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022,Aspo Plc Financial Statement Release February 15  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Excellent fourth...,Aspo OyjAspo PlcFinancial Statement ReleaseFebruary 15  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets.October–December 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales remained at the previous year’s level  being EUR 164.6 (163.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 (13.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 6.9% (8.5%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.6 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.7) million.Items affecting the comparability of the operating profit totaled EUR -16.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR -3.7 (8.7) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was -2.3% (5.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.2 (9.8) million  Telko EUR -7.7 (4.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million.Earnings per share were EUR -0.21 (0.17).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 22.0 (10.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 16.5 (4.1) million.January–December 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales increased by 11% to EUR 652.6 (586.4) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 55.3 (42.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 20.8 (21.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.3 (1.9) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -24.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR 33.9 (36.9) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.3% (6.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 38.1 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 7.3 (20.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million.Earnings per share were EUR 0.61 (0.76).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million.Story continuesGuidance for 2023Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the payment of dividendsAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date. Therefore  a maximum of EUR 0.46 (0.45) would be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year.More information about the proposed dividend distribution is available under section “Dividend proposal”.Key figures 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 38.1 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 7.3 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 -4.8 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -1.9 -1.9 -6.7 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % -2.3 5.4 5.3 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 22.0 10.7 67.7 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR 16.5 4.1 34.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 15.2 20.8 Equity ratio  % 34.7 32.0 Gearing  % 108.4 131.0 Equity per share  EUR 4.58 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2022:In the light of financial figures  2022 was a success and in many ways record-breaking. Aspo Group’s net sales increased to EUR 652.6 million  up by roughly 11% from the previous year. The comparable operating profit for 2022 increased to a record EUR 55.3 million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 8.5%. Both the increase in net sales and our comparable operating profit exceeded the financial targets set for the Group.Aspo’s net sales in October–December stood at EUR 164.6 million  and the comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 million. ESL Shipping especially supported the positive development of net sales and operating profit  with its record-breaking fourth quarter crowning its overall excellent year. The strong growth of Leipurin’s net sales during the fourth quarter was supported not only by high inflation rates  but also by the acquisition of the Swedish company Kobia AB at the beginning of September. Telko’s comparable operating profit in October–December was below the normal level which was due to the direct and reflected effects of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Eastern trade. Apart from the eastern markets  Telko’s net sales developed positively.The year 2022 turned out to be highly different from what we still assumed at the beginning of the year. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine dramatically changed the lives of many of our employees  and our entire operating environment changed drastically.Already in spring  we decided to withdraw from all our operations in Russia and from other selected eastern markets. The prerequisites for responsible business had vanished  and it became clear that we would set our sights even more firmly on western markets in accordance with our strategy updated at the end of 2021. We will continue to operate in Ukraine  and we want to support its development and do our part to help rebuild the country.In summer  we divested Leipurin’s machinery business Vulganus  and at the end of October  the divestment of Kauko was finalized. At the same time  we focused on developing our key businesses through acquisitions according to our compounder strategy  of which the acquisition of Kobia by Leipurin and Telko’s recent acquisitions were the most significant. During the year  we also made strategic investments  the most important of which was ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in new Green Coaster vessels using a pooling arrangement.We are heading to 2023 from a good position  and we will continue the determined implementation of our strategy. I believe that we can generate strong cash flow even in this challenging market environment and  in accordance with our financial guidance  we expect Aspo’s comparable operating profit to be EUR 30–40 million in 2023. We continue to boost organic growth through strategic acquisitions.Thanks for Aspo’s excellent results in 2022 go to our entire personnel. I am particularly pleased and grateful for the dedication our personnel showed in supporting our colleagues in areas ravaged by the war and in ensuring their safety.ASPO GROUPFinancial results and targetsAspo’s financial targets announced on December 1  2021:Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130%With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%.In 2022  the Group’s targets were reached well overall. Aspo Group’s operating profit increased by 11%. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%)  clearly exceeding the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained at the level of 15.2% (20.8%) due to the items affecting comparability of EUR -24.1 million that mainly consisted of additional costs and impairment losses arising from Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  and whose negative impact on return on equity was roughly 15.6 percentage points. Aspo’s gearing decreased to 108.4% (131.0%)  well below the target level.Aspo Group’s comparable result for continuing and discontinued operationsAspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These include impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine.In December 2021  Aspo announced that Kauko operating segment was defined not being part of Aspo’s core operations  and Kauko was classified as a discontinued operation. On October 31  2022  Kauko was divested outside the Group  and its accumulated earnings until that date and the divestment loss are presented in the profit from discontinued operations  separate from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. However  Kauko’s results are included in Aspo Group’s total figures and comparable operating profit.Telko’s companies in Russia and Belarus  and Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan are classified as held for sale in the 2022 financial statements (eastern businesses held for sale below). The results of the eastern businesses held for sale are reported as part of Telko and Leipurin  as well as Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The assets and liabilities of the eastern businesses held for sale are presented on the balance sheet separately as assets and liabilities held for sale. When the eastern businesses were classified as held for sale  they were measured at fair value less cost to sell  resulting in the recognition of impairment losses totaling EUR 14.5 million in the fourth quarter  reported as items affecting comparability. On divestment  the recognition of the translation differences of the eastern businesses as part of sales losses as well as a possible change the fair value of the eastern businesses compared with the estimates made in the financial statements will also have a negative impact on the operating profit. On the closing date  the amount of the translation differences of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR -11.8 million. The amount fluctuates according to changes in exchange rates until the date of sale. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the result for the period has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity.Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Operating profit  Group total -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % -2.9 5.4 4.8 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 10 2 9 8 38 1 26 8 Telko  operating profit -7 7 4 4 7 3 20 4 Leipurin  operating profit -4 3 -3 6 -4 8 -2 4 Other operations  operating profit -1 9 -1 9 -6 7 -7 9 Operating profit from continuing operations -3 7 8 7 33 9 36 9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1 1 0 1 -2 7 -3 0 Operating profit  Group total -4 8 8 8 31 2 33 9 Items affecting comparability*) -16 1 -5 1 -24 1 -8 5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11 3 13 9 55 3 42 4*) Items affecting comparability  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Kauko Total Shipping operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Impairment losses -9 3 -5 0 -1 3 -15 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 8 -1 1 -0 6 -2 5 Divestment losses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -2 0 Total 0 7 -13 5 -8 1 -0 7 -2 5 -24 1In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million  and they are reported in the profit from discontinued operations. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million.Of the items affecting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -16.1 million  EUR -14.3 million were related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences. Of the items  EUR -0.4 million were recognized for the ESL Shipping segment  EUR -9.0 for Telko  and EUR -5.0 million for Leipurin. Items affecting comparability relating to reorganizations were EUR -0.4 million in the Leipurin segment and EUR -0.1 million in other operations. In addition  Kauko’s sales loss of EUR -1.2 million is included in the items affecting comparability and reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.Items affecting the comparability in 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.SustainabilitySustainability is a material factor which guides Aspo’s management system and especially the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be pioneers in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) goals for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2e (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) is 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping invests in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is significant in terms of monetary value  but above all  it helps the shipping company move towards its emissions target.During the past 12 months  emission intensity improved further to 0.33 (0.42)  driven by the increase in net sales and operational efficiency.Another key goal was a higher level of safety  with the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) being 8.1 (8.8) during the past 12 months. Even though TRIF improved from the previous year  we did not reach the target of 7.0 set for 2022.Aspo regularly assesses the satisfaction of employees with their own tasks  the quality of management  and Aspo as an employer by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. In 2021  Aspo started to use the People Power index  a new method of measuring job satisfaction  and it was also included in the Group’s sustainability goals. The operating environment remained fairly challenging in all businesses  and job satisfaction decreased slightly  while still being high: the Group achieved the rating of AA in 2022 (2021: AA+). However  the targeted level of AA+ was not achieved unlike in 2021.Aspo’s internal Compliance and Code of Conduct training includes anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. Aspo’s goal is that all of the Group’s personnel complete the training every year. In 2022  approximately 100% (89%) of the Group’s employees completed Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (88%) completed Compliance training.Operating environment and the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo’s operationsAspo’s operating environment changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The invasion has caused considerable general uncertainties in markets  higher interest rates  lower trust among consumers  price inflation  higher energy prices in particular  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates.Significantly suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The considerable damage to the energy distribution infrastructure in Ukraine made the situation even worse during the second half of 2022. The war drastically reduces operating conditions in eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  and selected values in particular. Aspo’s decision to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets  combined with the sanctions related to the war  has also reshaped Aspo’s logistics flows and operating models.ESL Shipping’s all operations have been suspended in Russia  and the released vessel capacity has been transferred to other operating areas. Telko has signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. At the end of 2022  Telko also signed a binding preliminary agreement on the sale of its subsidiary in Belarus to a member of its current management. A binding preliminary agreement was also signed with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor  after the end of the financial year on the sale of Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan.Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan stood at EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 4% of Aspo Group’s net sales. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus stood at EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 9% of Aspo Group’s net sales. The consolidated net sales of Telko and Leipurin in these countries accounted for roughly 13% of Aspo Group’s net sales in 2022 (16% of net sales in 2021).The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent the transportation of goods and the transfer of payments which has reduced the net sales and profitability of the operations in Russia. In addition  decreases in the companies’ operations and personnel have reduced Russia’s role in Aspo’s business operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight.The equity of the group companies in Russia is EUR 20.5 (16.6) million  comprising 14.3% (12.8%) of Aspo Group’s total equity. In Aspo Group  EUR 12.2 million in impairment losses associated with the equity of Russian companies have been recognized in the financial statements. Aspo’s assets in Russia mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents  inventories and accounts receivable. The number of employees in Aspo Group’s companies in Russia is decreasing  being 105 (193) at the end of the year.Rising interest and inflation rates  as well as weaker general economic estimates  have affected consumers’ purchasing behavior  for example  so that consumers have shifted from more expensive to more affordable products.While the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the news  it still has an impact on Aspo’s operating environment. For example  the global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on certain Aspo’s businesses  decelerating sales and the completion of orders. The markets are also characterized by disruptions in logistics flows and the low availability of certain products. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations especially among ESL Shipping’s crew members.Net sales by market area  continuing operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Share 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 58.6 45.4 35.8 224.4 175.2 34.9 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 23.6 137.6 109.4 21.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16 11.1 67.8 54.8 10.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 13.2 118.2 155.2 18.4 Other countries 26.8 22.5 16.3 95.4 78.7 14.8 Total 163.8 160 100 643.4 573.3 100During 2022  Aspo has reported its net sales by market area with the following division: Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The eastern markets’ share of total net sales continued to decrease during the fourth quarter of 2022  mainly due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and decisions to downsize operations in Russia and withdraw from the market as planned. As a result of the withdrawal from Russia  the division of Aspo’s main market areas will change at the beginning of 2023. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will direct its growth investments at western markets  and the eastern markets’ share of Aspo’s total net sales already decreased to 13.2% in the fourth quarter.Cash flow and financingThe Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–December was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. The cash flow of all businesses showed positive development during the year. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -6.7 (-22.0) million. The increase in working capital mainly comes from the advance payments for the vessels to be built in the ESL Shipping segment’s vessel pool and the customer receivables accumulated through high sales at the end of the year. This was partly compensated by the Telko segment’s working capital  which improved towards the year end. The free cash flow in January–December was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million. The amount of investments of EUR -17.8 (-15.9) million mainly included the ESL Shipping segment’s dockages and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the cash flow from investing activities includes EUR -17.9 million cash outflow on the acquisitions of Kobia  Mentum and Johan Steenks and a total of EUR 2.8 million in cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus as the most significant items.12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 189.2 187.3 Cash and cash equivalents 33.5 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 155.7 169.6Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 155.7 (169.6) million and gearing fell to 108.4% (131.0%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.7% (32.0%). The balance sheet strengthened as a result of improved profitability and the new hybrid instrument issued in June.Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -6.3 (-3.9) million. Exchange rate changes  especially the strengthened value of the Russian ruble  increased financial expenses by EUR 1.6 million from the previous year. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 3.3% (1.4%).The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 33.5 (17.7) at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 11.8 million. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained wholly unused (5).During 2022  Aspo extended its maturity structure for interest-bearing loans. In September  AtoBatC AB signed an EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan’s maturity is 15 years  and it has not yet been withdrawn. The loan  together with the ten-year loan agreement of EUR 20 million singed in June with the Nordic Investment Bank  of which EUR 19.6 million have been withdrawn  finances ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The project was launched in September 2021. In addition  Aspo restructured a bilateral bank loan of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new bilateral revolving credit facility which will mature in 2025. The loan agreement also includes two options for a one-year extension.In June  Aspo issued a new EUR 30 million hybrid instrument  with a coupon rate of 8.75% per annum. The hybrid instrument has no maturity  but the company may exercise an early redemption option in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s earlier hybrid instrument of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operationsAspo and its subsidiaries are exposed to various risks and uncertainties  which are mainly identified and managed in Aspo's businesses. The most important risks and preparedness for them are summarized and reported to Aspo's Board of Directors through Aspo's Audit Committee.Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causes significant geopolitical uncertainties. It affects the general economic environment  including inflation  energy and raw material prices  interest rates  and consumers’ trust.The ongoing process to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets will change the Group’s structure significantly and will affect the revenue model of Aspo’s businesses in the long term. There are risks that the withdrawal from the selected markets causes additional costs or losses  and that funds cannot be transferred from the markets or that the withdrawal is unsuccessful in full or in part. It is also possible that the official approvals required for the withdrawal from the markets are not obtained for example due to changes is legislation or that they are at risk or fail for some other reason.Financial activities and the prevailing geopolitical uncertainties have caused the prices of many raw materials  components and logistics services to rise rapidly. While Aspo may benefit from the price increases temporarily  the prices of raw materials or rental capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disruptions in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes are also increasing risks. The rapid increase in inflation has generally caused pressure for salary increases  which in Finland can lead to labor disputes  which can also negatively affect Aspo's businesses.International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may also affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. The geopolitical tensions may escalate and cause a direct adverse impact on business operations  put payments at risk and even suspend business operations. If escalated  cyber incidents and disruptions in information systems may cause damage to business operations.In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its steady profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary deterioration in the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial resources and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability.The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on Aspo’s operations has been limited at the group level  even though it has been significant in the Leipurin segment. The current and any new coronavirus variants and their rapid spread may suspend business operations and cause financial losses through stoppages in global logistics chains  among other factors.Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESS OPERATIONSESL ShippingESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 41 vessels with a total capacity of 425 000 deadweight tonnage (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (80% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 16 vessels (18%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 63.3 54.7 16 245.4 191.4 28 Operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 4 38.1 26.8 42 Operating profit  % 16.1 17.9 15.5 14.0 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.4 0.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 10.6 9.8 8 37.4 26.8 40 Comparable operating profit  % 16.7 17.9 15.2 14.0The fourth quarter of 2022 marked the best quarter in ESL Shipping’s history measured by the operating profit. Net sales increased by 16% from the previous year to EUR 63.3 (54.7) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter increased by 8% to record-breaking EUR 10.6 (9.8) million. The operating profit of EUR 10.2 (9.8) million includes EUR -0.4 million in expenses associated with suspended operations in Russia.High demand in the shipping company’s main market areas  the shipping company’s long-term partnership strategy and the successful operations of the onshore and offshore personnel enabled the excellent results. Weather conditions were also favorable for operations. The comparable operating profit rate of 16.7% (17.9%) achieved during the fourth quarter was once again excellent. During the quarter  the prices of diesel and liquefied natural gas (LNG) used as ship fuels decreased from the previous quarter  while remaining roughly twice as high as in the comparative period. The high level of fuel surcharges increased net sales and reduced the operating profit rate  which is used as an indicator of relative profitability.During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The volume development was based on the transfer of raw material deliveries away from Russia which has extended transportation distances especially for energy coal. The final quarter is also normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation involving the security of supply  the low availability of biofuels and longer transportation distances  the percentage of energy coal from all transportation operations tripled during the fourth quarter from the comparative period.The profitability of all the shipping company’s vessel categories was excellent during the fourth quarter. In fourth quarter  production plants of several contractual customers underwent relatively large maintenance stoppages and restricted production due to lower demand and high energy costs. High demand experienced in the energy industry enabled the vessels to continue to operate at full capacity during the fourth quarter. The spot cargo market decreased in all customer segments and vessel categories during the quarter. After operations in Russia were suspended  demand for ESL Shipping’s loading and unloading operations for vessels at sea shifted to the southern Baltic Sea where it was maintained by the high demand for energy coal transportation during the fourth quarter and congestion at ports suitable for large ocean liners.Six time-chartered vessels of the smaller vessel category were redelivered to their owners as the charter agreements ended at the end of the fourth quarter and as the price of an extended charter period became too high.The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB    at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. The first four new vessels are already under construction  and the first vessel is to be delivered during fall 2023.One larger vessel was docked for seven days during the fourth quarter and one smaller vessel was out of service for 26 days. In 2022  dockage days totaled 141 (229).The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December increased from the comparative period by 28% to EUR 245.4 (191.4) million. The comparable operating profit was the highest in the company’s history at EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 15.2% (14.0%). The operating profit rate clearly exceeded the long-term target of 14%. Comparability was affected by the gain from the sale of the barge Espa and costs associated with the suspended operations in Russia. Their impact on net results was EUR 0.7 million and  as a result  ESL Shipping’s operating profit amounted to EUR 38.1 (26.8) million and its operating profit rate was 15.5% (14.0%) for 2022 as a whole.The shipping company’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The aim is to halve carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. During 2022  ESL Shipping transported 14.7 (14.8) million tons of cargo  and its vessels consumed 819 988 (898 158) MWh of energy. CO2 emissions per transported ton decreased by 7.5% to 0.015 (0.016) tons of carbon dioxide per ton of cargo. The new energy-efficient operating models applied to port visits supported the positive development.ESL Shipping outlook for 2023General macroeconomic uncertainties have increased in ESL Shipping’s main market areas. Higher inflation and slower economic growth increase demand and pricing pressure among the shipping company’s main customers. Finland’s labor market may experience unrest during the spring  and its impact through overtime bans and strikes may be significant on key customers and especially on the effectiveness of the transport chain.Global demand estimates in sea transportation markets and price levels of spot markets have decreased considerably from the previous year. On the other hand  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for round-the-year operations in the Baltic Sea is limited. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main customers is expected to be satisfactory  albeit slightly lower than in the previous year. Demand for energy deliveries outside Finland is expected to remain high during the first half of the year. In the forest industry  pulp delivery volumes are looking positive  but only satisfactory for sawn goods. Volumes are looking satisfactory in the steel industry. Now that deliveries of Russian raw materials have stopped  certain of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers are forced to seek new suppliers for part of their production input required in new geographic areas. Not all of these procurement routes have yet become stabilized which may cause an imbalance in ESL Shipping’s operations. The role of energy coal transportation is expected to decrease significantly when the preparation situation returns to normal and demand shifts towards other energy forms.The majority of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the Supramax vessels. Currently  the expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels do not meet the realities in the shipping company’s main market areas which may cause further uncertainties in the availability of a suitable and sufficient tonnage. The impact of rising energy prices on ESL Shipping’s costs is compensated effectively through fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements.Surveys show that ESL Shipping’s customer satisfaction is at an excellent level  similarly to the personnel’s commitment and job satisfaction. Activities to further improve customer and employee satisfaction  sustainability and occupational safety will continue.The shipping company’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping will continue the development of a fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in line with the green transition and the vessels designed for it in cooperation with its key customers. The shipping company is participating in projects aimed to produce green hydrogen through renewable electricity and to further process it as fossil-free fuel for the shipping company’s vessels.During 2023  four larger and two smaller vessels will be docked for a total of approximately 100 days.TelkoTelko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China.In October 2022  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. In December  Telko finalized the preliminary agreement to divest its subsidiary in Belarus  to a member of its current management. Both business transactions still need to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 59.2 73.6 -20 267.4 268.8 -1 Operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 -275 7.3 20.4 -64 Operating profit  % -13.0 6.0 2.7 7.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -9.0 -0.8 -13.5 -0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 5.2 -75 20.8 21.2 -2 Comparable operating profit  % 2.2 7.1 7.8 7.9During the fourth quarter  Telko’s net sales decreased steeply to EUR 59.2 (73.6) million. Telko’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased after sales in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine dropped substantially from the previous year. Telko’s net sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased. Demand remained stable in Telko’s all business operations.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and the operating profit rate was 2.2% (7.1%). Net sales and operating profit decreased from the previous year  especially due to weak development and negative results in Russia. Telko’s result for the fourth quarter includes items affecting comparability  which reduced Telko’s operating profit by EUR 9.0 million in total. Impairment losses regarding companies in Russia and Belarus of EUR 9.3 million and other expenses of EUR 0.2 million were recognized relating to the withdrawal from Russia. In addition  the credit loss provision recognized from accounts receivable in Ukraine was reversed by EUR 0.5 million. The combined comparable operating profit of the above countries was slightly negative during the fourth quarter.Telko’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR -7.7 (4.4) million. The operating profit rate was -13.0% (6.0%). Impairment losses associated with inventories  exchange rate losses  and costs related to corporate restructuring also had a negative impact on the operating profit.The net sales of the plastics business decreased by 25% during the fourth quarter to EUR 29.6 (39.7) million  mainly due to the decrease in Telko’s operations in Russia. In Telko’s European markets  demand for plastic polymers remained at a normal level in general. Sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased slightly  regardless of the downward trend in prices. While the steep decline in the prices of volume plastics turned to an increase during the fourth quarter  the prices are still lower than during the corresponding period in the previous year. The prices of technical plastics decreased slightly during the fourth quarter but were clearly above the comparative period’s level. The acquisition of the operations of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of technical plastic raw materials and plastics  increased the net sales of the plastics business during the fourth quarter  while it had no significant impact on results.During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 32% to EUR 15.9 (23.4) million. Sales decreased steeply in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. The weak development especially in Ukraine resulted from the disruptions in the electricity distribution infrastructure due to the war which directly limited production. Total sales in other countries increased significantly  regardless of the decrease in prices. Prices started to increase during the fourth quarter. Telko’s chemicals business is divided between several customer groups which evens out any fluctuations in demand.During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the lubricants business increased by 31% to EUR 13.7 (10.5) million. Sales increased in all key product groups. The increase in sales resulted from high price levels  the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021  and very positively developed sales of industrial lubricants. Prices of lubricants increased slightly during the fourth quarter. Russia’s invasion in Ukraine did not have any direct impact on the lubricants business.Telko’s net sales in January–December decreased by 1% to EUR 267.4 (268.8) million. The full-year comparable operating profit of EUR 20.8 million was only slightly lower than the previous year’s record-high comparable operating profit (21.2). The comparable operating profit rate remained high at 7.8% (7.9%). Exchange rate losses of EUR 2.5 million reduced the operating profit.Telko’s full-year operating profit fell by 64% to EUR 7.3 (20.4) million. The operating profit rate was 2.7% (7.6%). Results decreased due to the warehouse destroyed in Ukraine  the impairment losses associated with companies in Russia and Belarus  and other costs arising from the withdrawal from Russia  which totaled EUR -13.5 million and have been reported as items affecting comparability.Telko outlook for 2023As announced previously  Telko has agreed to divest its operations in Russia and Belarus. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus were EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022. Both sales transactions require approval by the local authorities. Telko expects the Russian transaction to be completed during the first quarter of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved.In 2023  Telko’s net sales and profit will be significantly lower than in the previous year due to the changed situation in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. In other countries  demand is expected to remain moderate  even though there will be differences between businesses.The prices of plastics and chemicals decreased steeply during the latter half of 2022  while still being clearly above the long-term average. It is assumed that the most significant price corrections took place during 2022  but the prices are expected to decrease slightly during the first half if energy prices do not experience a considerable increase. In high added value products  on which Telko focuses in accordance with its strategy  price changes are typically more moderate. Significant changes in prices have a short-term impact on margins. Demand for lubricants is expected to remain stable  and prices are expected to increase at least during the first half of 2023.In western markets  demand will involve uncertainties during the next few months. Demand indices have decreased in the construction and automotive industries in Europe. High energy prices and inflation rates will affect demand during the next few months  in particular. At the end of the year  demand will  above all  be affected by the general development of purchasing power in Europe. The lifting of coronavirus restrictions in China is expected to increase local demand. In addition  higher demand in China may have an impact on global price development during the first part of the year. In Central Asia  demand is expected to remain relatively high. Sales in Ukraine will be lower during the first half than in the previous year  while they are expected to be at the 2022 level during the rest of the year  depending completely on the development of the war.Telko will continue its activities to improve its operational efficiency and scalability. Inflation causes general increases in costs. On the other hand  cargo expenses  especially in Asia  will be materially lower than in the previous year.The recent structural arrangements continued when Telko announced on January 31  2023  that it will acquire Eltrex  a Polish company specialized in the distribution of chemicals. According to its strategy  Telko continues to accelerate its growth through acquisitions in addition to organic growth.LeipurinLeipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four business units  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  Baltics  and East. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. The Leipurin segment’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. The Leipurin segment uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners.On April 22  2022  Aspo announced that Leipurin will withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. In January 2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell its subsidiaries in these countries to a private investor. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 41.3 31.7 30 130.6 113.1 15 Operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 19 -4.8 -2.4 100 Operating profit  % -10.4 -11.4 -3.7 -2.1 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -5.4 -4.3 -8.1 -4.3 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 3.3 1.9 74 Comparable operating profit  % 2.7 2.2 2.5 1.7 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 4.1 2.4 71 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 2.7 2.3 3.2 2.2Leipurin’s operations were still affected by the restrictions in eastern markets due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the high price inflation in global raw material markets  and challenges related to the availability of raw materials.Leipurin’s total net sales increased by 30% during the fourth quarter to EUR 41.3 (31.7) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 2.7 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy. The Finland business unit’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 12.2 (11.3) million. In the Baltics  net sales increased by 18% to EUR 10.0 (8.5) million. Net sales of the East business unit decreased by 32% to EUR 6.2 (9.1) million due to the reduced product range  consisting only of local procurement. The decrease in the net sales of the East business unit was also significantly affected by the decrease in operations in Ukraine down to roughly 9% from the comparative year’s level. Sweden was established as a new business unit as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  and it accounted for EUR 12.9 million and approximately 31% of Leipurin’s net sales in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 41% to EUR 28.6 (20.3) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 35% to EUR 4.2 (3.1) million.The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets continued to have a significant impact on Leipurin’s sales during the fourth quarter. Measured in kilograms  the decrease in sales intensified in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics  whereas sales continued to be roughly half of the previous year’s level in the East business unit. The weak volume development is mainly driven by the decrease in consumers’ trust in the current market situation  in which energy costs and interest rates are especially rising steeply. The significant increase in living expenses continued in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics which reduced the inflation-adjusted sales volume of retail and strengthened the shift in consumers’ demand towards more affordable products. The positive development of profit margins continued  regardless of the negative trends in volumes.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.3%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -5.4 (-4.3) million  included costs and impairment losses arising from the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan  and costs associated with the reorganization of Leipurin’s group operations. The comparability of the comparative period was affected by animpairment loss recognized on goodwill. Leipurin’s operating loss for the fourth quarter was EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million. Reversal of a fair value allocation of inventories amounting to EUR -0.5 million which arised from the acquisition of Kobia  had a negative impact on the operating profit.In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 130.6 (113.1) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 11.4 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy  which were EUR 7.1 million higher than in 2022  but the increase in raw material sales in western markets was particularly strong during the review period compared to the corresponding period in the previous year. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2022 was EUR 3.3 (1.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.7%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 4.1 (2.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.2% (2.2%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -8.1 (-4.3) million  were mainly related to the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the acquisition of Kobia  and the divestment of Vulganus. The reported operating profit was negative at EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million. Kobia’s impact on Leipurin’s operating profit was still negative due to the reversal of the EUR 0.5 million fair value allocation of inventories related to the acquisition.Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The loss arising from the divestment and the expenses related to it  totaling EUR -0.4 million  are reported under the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Leipurin acquired all shares in Kobia AB  a Swedish distributor in the bakery industry  from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia AB comprises Leipurin’s new Sweden business unit  and it has been included in Aspo Group’s figures since September 1  2022. Kobia’s annual net sales are approximately EUR 50 million  and its operating profit rate is roughly 3%. The acquisition strengthens Leipurin’s position as the leading company in the Baltic Sea region.Leipurin outlook for 2023The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and results. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022. The divestment of the operations in the eastern markets still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Leipurin expects the transaction to be completed during the first half of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved.The expansion to Sweden through the acquisition of Kobia AB will increase Leipurin’s annual net sales by roughly EUR 50 million and produce considerable synergy benefits in the development of the product range  and in the supply chain and procurement. It also enables partners to be served in a larger geographic area. The integration of operations has progressed according to plans.Inflation and the rising energy prices  in particular  have a negative impact on demand for more expensive products  potentially presenting profitability challenges among the bakery segment’s customers. The decreased purchasing power may have a negative impact on demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers prefer more affordable products.The upward trend is expected to continue in the prices of main raw material categories  even though the rapid inflation during the review period is expected to decelerate considerably. This is expected to take place during the first half of 2023.Despite these challenges  Leipurin sees that the market will offer a highly stable environment in the long term and also opportunities for organic growth in selected market segments. In addition  the profitability program that was launched earlier develops the organization's ability to lead with information and helps to improve financial performance in particular. The program focuses both on selected growth clusters and on improving the efficiency of operations. This program is expected to contribute to improving Leipurin’s financial development.The impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic on the global supply chains  the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times will continue.The management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well at present. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers.Other operationsOther operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. The comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.8 (-1.9) million during the fourth quarter. The reported operating profit of EUR -1.9 (-1.9) million includes EUR -0.1 million in restructuring expenses affecting comparability.The comparable operating profit for 2022 was EUR -6.0 (-7.9) million. The reported operating profit was EUR -6.7 (-7.9) million  including EUR -0.7 million in items affecting comparability that are mainly related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO and restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATIONAspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade.Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital.Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources.In January-December 2022  a total of 4 242 696 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 33.9 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  13.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.01 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 8.20. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 257.1 million.The company had 11 712 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 077 145 shares  or 3.43% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.Dividend proposalAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution  while leaving room for strategic investments. Aspo started to pay dividends twice a year in 2017.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 357 529 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release.The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.RemunerationShare-based incentive plan 2022–2024On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares.The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors.The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash.For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall.Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee.The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. In March 2022  based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid in cash to cover taxes.Share-based incentive plan 2020In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal quantity will take place in 2023.DividendAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022.At its meeting held on November 2  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second installment of dividends  EUR 0.22 per share  on the basis of the authorization provided at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend was paid on November 11  2022.The Board of Directors and the auditorAt the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members.In 2022  the Board of Directors arranged 21 meetings. The participation rate was 99%.The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.In 2022  99 400 share were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donationsAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023.In 2022  donations of approximately EUR 55 000 were made.Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ MeetingThe shareholders’ Nomination Board consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. According to the list of shareholders as of August 31  2022  the following representatives of the largest shareholders are members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: Roberto Lencioni  chair (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  chairman of Aspo’s Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board.The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023 that the Board of Directors will have seven members.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31. The Nomination Board considers this to better support its activities  with the new date giving it more time to prepare proposals.Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Aspo's long-time board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Mammu Kaario  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the members of the Board of Directors be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):- members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month- Vice Chair: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month- Chair: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per monthThe Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Other operating income 1.1 0.2 3.3 0.5 Materials and services -109.8 -97.3 -402.9 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -14.1 -13.0 -54.4 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -6.9 -8.8 -19.9 -20.8 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -4.6 -3.8 -16.7 -13.7 Other operating expenses -33.2 -28.6 -118.9 -102.3 Operating profit -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Financial income and expenses 0.7 -1.0 -6.3 -3.9 Profit before taxes -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Income taxes -1.3 -2.1 -4.1 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit for the period -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 Discontinued operations -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Total -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet12/2022 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 46.8 45.9 Tangible assets 178.4 168.9 Leased assets 15.9 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.5 1.7 Total non-current assets 242.6 237.2 Inventories 69.9 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 69.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 21.7 17.7 160.9 160.7 Assets held for sale 12.4 8.4 Total current assets 173.3 169.1 Total assets 415.9 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 121.7 107.4 Total equity 143.7 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 154.3 142.4 Lease liabilities 4.6 6.9 Other liabilities 7.6 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 166.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 17.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 11.7 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 72.3 79.3 101.8 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 6.8 Total current liabilities 105.7 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 415.9 406.3Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 31.2 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 50.6 39.6 Change in working capital -6.7 -22.0 Interest paid -4.2 -4.4 Interest received 0.3 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.5 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 67.7 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -17.8 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -17.9 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -33.3 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -18.7 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -16.2 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.1 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities -16.5 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 17.8 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 Translation differences 0.0 0.9 Impairment loss on cash and cash equivalents -2.0 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 33.5 17.7 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.8 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 21.7 17.7Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 25.3 25.3 Translation differences 2.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income 2.2 25.3 27.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.8 -1.8 Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions -11.6 -11.6 with owners Equity December 31  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.7 95.6 129.4Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited.Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication.PersonnelAt the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 886 (944) employees.Segment informationAspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin.Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.1 7.3 -4.8 -6.7 33.9 Net financial expenses -6.3 -6.3 Profit before taxes 27.6 1-12/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 26.8 20.4 -2.4 -7.9 36.9 Net financial expenses -3.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 33.0 Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 17.8 Investments 1-12/2021 15.3 0.5 0.1 15.9Green Coaster investment commitmentAtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them will start operating in the third quarter of 2023.During the third quarter of 2022  it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared its option and ordered five additional vessels from the Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which AtoBatC has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors.Advance payments for the vessels to be sold further have been recognized in inventories. At the end of the financial year  inventories included EUR 10.2 million in advance payments for the Green Coaster vessels.ESL Shipping’s total investment comprises six vessels and roughly EUR 70 million.Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales. from continuing operationsTelko net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 29.6 39.7 -25.4 136.9 146.7 -6.7 Chemicals business 15.9 23.4 -32.1 80.3 83.6 -3.9 Lubricants business 13.7 10.5 30.5 50.2 38.5 30.4 Telko total 59.2 73.6 -19.6 267.4 268.8 -0.5Leipurin net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Regions: Finland 12.2 11.3 8.0 46.6 40.4 15.3 Sweden 12.9 17.3 Baltics 10.0 8.5 18.0 36.8 30.6 20.4 East 6.2 9.1 -32.1 25.6 30.7 -16.7 Total 41.3 29.0 42.4 126.3 101.7 24.2 of which: Bakeries 28.6 20.3 40.8 87.9 73.2 20.1 Food Industry 4.2 3.1 34.5 14.2 11.0 28.8 Retail  foodservice  other 8.5 5.5 53.7 24.2 17.4 38.8 Machinery trading Russia 2.0 -100.0 0.0 7.3 -100.0 Vulganus 0.7 -100.0 4.3 4.1 4.9 Leipurin total 41.3 31.7 30.4 130.6 113.1 15.5Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.6 0.9 3.5 3.6 Over time 62.7 53.8 241.9 187.8 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko At a point in time 59.1 73.5 267.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.3 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 41.3 29.7 127.3 107.5 Over time 0.0 2.0 3.3 5.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total At a point in time 101.0 104.1 397.8 379.6 Over time 62.8 55.9 245.6 193.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales by market area 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.6 20.2 121.5 84.3 Scandinavia 11.9 17.4 58.5 54.1 Baltic countries 0.6 2.3 2.9 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.6 1.3 2.5 Other countries 18.2 14.2 61.2 47.0 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko Finland 13.7 12.4 53.5 47.6 Scandinavia 14.1 14.1 61.7 52.4 Baltic countries 7.6 5.0 28.2 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 15.4 34.0 91.3 117.3 Other countries 8.4 8.1 32.7 31.1 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.3 12.8 49.4 43.3 Scandinavia 12.6 0.7 17.4 2.9 Baltic countries 10.0 8.7 36.7 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.2 9.3 25.6 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.5 0.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total Finland 58.6 45.4 224.4 175.2 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 137.6 109.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16.0 67.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 118.2 155.2 Other countries 26.8 22.5 95.4 78.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3Acquisition of Kobia ABLeipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit rate was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transactions are significantly affected by market conditions.The purchase price of EUR 15.7 million was paid fully in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.7 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.4 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 2.2 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.1 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 12/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.7 Total consideration 15.7 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value Intangible assets 0.8 Tangible assets 13.6 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.3 Total liabilities 8.9 Net assets acquired 15.6 Goodwill 0.1Acquisition of Johan SteenksTelko completed the acquisition of the operations of the Norwegian company Johan Steenks AS on October 3  2022. Johan Steenks is a distributor of technical plastic raw materials and additives for plastics  and it has an established customer base in the Norwegian markets and a number of well-known principals. The company’s annual net sales are roughly EUR 5 million. The business acquisition had no significant impact on Telko’s net sales or results during the final quarter of the year. The purchase price was approximately EUR 2.0 million  of which EUR 0.7 million were allocated to inventories and the remaining EUR 1.3 million were recognized as an increase in goodwill. The cash flow from the acquisition in 2022 was EUR -1.9 million.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for saleIn October 17  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the Russian authorities. Telko’s company in Russia has been classified as held for sale since October 2022 when the preliminary agreement on the sale was signed. Telko’s company in Belarus has been classified as held for sale since December 2022 when the agreement on the sale was signed with the company’s acting management.Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan have been classified as held for sale since December 31  2022 when their divestment started to seem probable. A binding preliminary agreement on their sale was signed on January 17  2023 with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities.The Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo and classified as held for sale in December 2021. Vulganus was sold to KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH  the leading manufacturer of bakery machines in Austria  on June 30  2022. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million   are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard  and its figures are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. Kauko Oy was sold to Signal Partners Oy on October 31  2022.Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Materials and services -0.6 -2.3 -6.9 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.2 -0.4 -1.5 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 0.0 -1.3 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 Other operating expenses -1.1 -0.4 -2.2 -1.2 Operating profit -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Profit before taxes -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 0.0 Profit for the period -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of the Kauko operating segment  to the extent that they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to the Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations for the financial year is EUR 0.3 (0.4) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. The profit from discontinued operations also includes the EUR -1.2 million loss on sale of Kauko Oy recognized during the fourth quarter. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter of 2021.Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.6 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -1.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -3.2 -1.2Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. The cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy in 2022 was EUR -1.0 million  and it is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The costs to sell of EUR -0.4 million are included in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consists of repayments of interest-bearing loans.Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 5.5 Other assets held for sale 12.4 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 3.9 6.8On the balance sheet  the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period have not been restated.In 2022  assets and liabilities classified as held for sale included the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale in eastern markets. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the companies held for sale  excluding internal assets and liabilities that have been eliminated. In 2021  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations included the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale at the end of 2021 consisted of Vulganus Oy’s assets and liabilities. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended on December 1  2021  for Kauko and Vulganus when they were classified as held for sale. The depreciation and amortization expense was recognized as part of sales losses in conjunction with the divestment of the companies. Telko Russia was classified as held for sale on October 31  2022  and the other companies held for sale in eastern markets on December 31  2022. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended at the time of the classification as held for sale.At the time of classification as held for sale  the net assets of the companies in eastern markets were measured at fair value less cost to sell  which was lower than the carrying amount. As a result  an impairment loss of EUR 9.4 million was recognized in the Telko segment and EUR 5.2 million in the Leipurin segment during the fourth quarter  which are reported as part of the Telko and Leipurin segments’ figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.Impairment losses in income statement 2022 Telko Leipurin Total MEUR MEUR MEUR Impairment losses  tangible and intangible assets 0.6 1.1 1.7 Impairment losses  leased assets 0.8 0.1 0.9 Materials and services 4.8 2.4 7.2 Other operating expenses 3.1 1.4 4.5 Income taxes 0.0 0.2 0.3 Total 9.4 5.2 14.6The impairment losses recognized on the assets of the companies in eastern markets were mainly allocated to inventories  accounts receivable  and cash and cash equivalents. In addition  an impairment loss was recognized on goodwill  determined in based on the ratio between the fair values of the divested companies and the segment.Restricted cash and cash equivalentsIn Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 13.5 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group is EUR 11.5 million  as an impairment loss of EUR 2.0 million was recognized on the cash and cash equivalents in conjunction with the IFRS 5 classification of the companies in Russia. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. It was still possible to pay dividends and make commercial payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. According to our understanding  the purchase prices of the operations held for sale in eastern markets can be transferred in conjunction with their sale. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  which is why they must be considered restricted cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7.Events after the review periodOn January 17  2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell all shares in its subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan to Timur Akhiyarov. Russian-born Akhiyarov will invest in Leipurin’s operations in eastern markets as a private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. Rights to Leipurin’s name and trademarks are not included in the transaction. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities.The Belarusian subsidiaries of Telko and Leipurin have been added to the list of companies whose transfer of shares are prohibited by a decision issued by the Council of Ministers of Belarus at the end of January 2023. Because of this  it is deemed unlikely that the sale of Telko's Belarusian business would proceed. This does not change Aspo Group's previously published assessment of the financial effects of the divestment. Leipurin’s Belarusian subsidiary is part of an agreement according to which the share capitals of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan would be sold to the same buyer. The decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus does not change the previously published assessment of the financial effects of the transaction  nor does it prevent the sale of Leipurin’s Russian and Kazakh subsidiaries.On January 31  Telko acquired a Polish distribution company Eltrex. Eltrex is a distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  and its annual net sales are approximately 8 million euros and operating profit slightly under one million euros.On February 9  2023  Leipurin completed a sale and lease back agreement for its warehouse property in Gothenburg  Sweden. The property came into Leipurin’s ownership via the Kobia acquisition that took place on 1 September 2022. The buyer of the property is Revelop  a Swedish real estate investor. As a result of the sale and lease back transaction  Aspo recognizes a sales gain of approximately EUR 0.4 million. According to the terms of the agreement  Leipurin leases the property for five years. The transaction is close to cost neutral  as the depreciation expense of the assets owned will be replaced by depreciation and interest expense for the leased assets of similar size.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on February 15  2023 at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing johanna.ahtiainen@aspo.com.The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the conference.The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/full_year_result_2022. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009756. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 900 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.16,0.33,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'strong financial performance', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'January', 'December', '2022', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'strong financial performance', 'Free cash flow', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'increasing dividend distribution', '2022 financial year', 'financial targets', 'Net cash', 'operating activities', 'financial figures', 'net sales', 'previous year', 'ESL Shipping', 'later date', 'More information', 'Rolf Jansson', 'many ways', 'continuing operations', 'Other operations', 'discontinued operations', 'Aspo Oyj', 'Aspo Plc', 'Dividend proposal', 'Group total', 'Key figures', 'corresponding period', 'maximum amount', 'Equity ratio', 'February', 'January', 'December', 'brackets', 'October', 'level', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'Earnings', 'Story', 'Guidance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'dividends', 'aim', 'April', 'addition', 'EUR', 'section', 'taxes', 'EPS', 'Return', 'ROE', 'CEO', 'light', 'success', 'record', 'increase', '9:30', '2021', '2023']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18496,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-kojamo-plc-301747323.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kojamo plc,Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release 15 February 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) HELSINKI  Feb. 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kojamo plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EE…,"Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release 15 February 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET)HELSINKI  Feb. 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kojamo plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EET) in Pikku-Finlandia at Karamzininranta 4  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of participants and the distribution of ballots will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m. (EET). Shareholders and their proxy representatives may also exercise voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C: ""Instructions for participants in the Annual General Meeting"".Shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. Instructions for shareholders to view the Annual General Meeting via webcast can be found at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  ask for permission to speak  or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via the webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or as exercise of shareholders' rights under the Finnish Companies Act.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDAThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the Meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the financial year 2022The CEO's review.Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm as of 15 February 2023.7. Adoption of the Financial StatementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the Financial Statements for the financial year 2022.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe parent company's distributable equity as at 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 251 059 319.00  of which the profit for the financial year was EUR 37 110 542.36. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.39 per share be paid from the distributable funds of Kojamo plc based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2022. Dividend shall be paid to shareholders who  on the record date of the dividend payment of 20 March 2023  are recorded in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on 5 April 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to approve the 2022 Remuneration Report for governing bodies. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on the approval of the Remuneration Report is advisory.The Remuneration Report of the company's governing bodies is available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm as of 15 February 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that members of the Board of Directors to be elected in the Annual General Meeting will be paid the following annual fees for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024:Chairman of the Board EUR 72 500Vice Chairman of the Board EUR 43 000other members of the Board EUR 36 000 andand Chairman of the Audit Committee EUR 43 000 .The members of the Board of Directors are paid only one annual fee according to their role so that no overlapping fees will be paid. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that an attendance allowance of EUR 700 be paid for each meeting and an attendance allowance of EUR 700 be paid for Committee meetings as well. For the members of the Board of Directors or the members of the Committees who reside abroad and do not have a permanent address in Finland  the attendance allowance will be multiplied by two (EUR 1 400)  if attending the meeting requires travelling to Finland.The Nomination Board proposes the annual fee to be paid as company's shares and cash so that approximately 40 per cent of the annual fee will be paid as Kojamo plc's shares and the rest will be paid in cash. The shares will be purchased in the name and on behalf of the members of the Board of Directors. The company will pay any transaction costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares. The shares in question can't be transferred earlier than two years from the transaction or before the term of the member of the Board of Directors has ended  depending which date is earlier. The shares shall be purchased within two weeks of the publication of Kojamo plc's Interim Report for 1 January - 31 March 2023.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024  the number of the members of the Board of Directors to remain the same and to be seven (7).13. Election of members and Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting Mikael Aro to be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors  and of the current members Kari Kauniskangas  Anne Leskelä  Mikko Mursula and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén  and as new members Annica Ånäs and Andreas Segal to be elected as members of the Board of Directors. A presentation of the proposed new members of the Board is attached to this notice.Matti Harjuniemi and Reima Rytsölä will leave the company's Board of Directors.All candidates have consented to being elected and are independent of the company. The candidates are also independent of the company's major shareholders.The members of the Board of Directors are presented on the company's website at: www.kojamo.fi/en/investors/corporate-governance/board/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor to be elected be remunerated against a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  authorised public accountants  be re-elected as the company's Auditor for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that it will appoint Petri Kettunen  APA  as the principally responsible auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's shares in an aggregate maximum amount of 24 714 439 shares. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company.Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorisation only by using unrestricted equity. Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors decides how the shares are repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorisation shall be in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.This authorisation cancels the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 16 March 2022 to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued on the basis of the authorisation shall not exceed an aggregate maximum of 24 714 439 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company. This authorisation applies to both  the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares held by the company.The Board of Directors decides on all terms of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorisation shall be in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.This authorisation cancels the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 16 March 2022 to decide on the issuance of shares as well as special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting proposes that an addition is made to the Articles of Association to allow the Board of Directors  at their discretion  to arrange a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue. Among other things  the addition would allow General Meetings to be arranged in a way that can facilitate shareholder participation  for example  in the event of a pandemic or other unforeseen and exceptional circumstances. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings with equal rights to those in customary General Meetings. Pursuant to the proposal of the Board of Directors  section 8 § of the Articles of Association would read after the addition as follows (addition in italics):""8 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held within six (6) months from the termination of the financial year  at a date specified by the Board of Directors. The Annual General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa.The notice convening the General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the Meeting  but no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting. The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the company's website or at least in one national daily newspaper designated by the Board of Directors.To be entitled to attend the General Meeting  a shareholder shall notify the company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that an annual or an extraordinary general meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner whereby shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the general meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).""19. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice  the Financial Statements of Kojamo plc  the consolidated Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available at the above-mentioned website no later than on 30 March 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  Monday  6 March 2023  in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting also by way of proxy representation. The use of proxy representatives is described below in section C.4 and advance voting in section C.5.2. Registration for the Annual General MeetingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 16 February 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder registered in the company's shareholders' register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the Annual General Meeting and  if they wish  vote in advance no later than by Wednesday  8 March 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the registration and any advance votes need to have been received.A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal book-entry account may register from 9.00 a.m. (EET) on 16 February 2023 until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 8 March 2023 by the following means:a. through the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agmOnline registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b. by mail or emailA shareholder may send a notice to attend by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous/ Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at [email protected].In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name and date of birth of a possible authorised proxy representative  legal representative or assistant. The personal data given to Kojamo plc or Innovatics Oy will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  their possible authorised proxy representative  legal representative or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.3. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on Monday 6 March 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily entered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by Monday 13 March 2023 by 10.00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  issuing of proxy authorisation documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account manager of the custodian shall  as needed  see to voting in advance on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares  no later than by Monday 13 March by 10.00 a.m. (EET).4. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights by appointing proxy representative. A proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.Proxy representatives must identify himself/herself personally to the online registration service and advance voting using strong authentication  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy authorisation document or otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorizations service.A template for the proxy authorisation document and voting instructions will be available at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. Possible proxy authorisation documents are requested to be submitted by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous/ Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at [email protected] before the end of the registration period (8 March 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EET))  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative is authorised to represent the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Shareholders that are legal entities may  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations (using the authorisation topic ""Representation at the General Meeting""). When registering for the Annual General Meeting in the general meeting service  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which by choosing the person/entity they represent in the meeting  the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations.5. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal book-entry account may also vote in advance on certain agenda items of the Annual General Meeting from 9.00 a.m. (EET) on 16 February 2023 until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 8 March 2023 by the following means:a. through the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agmAdvance voting requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b. by mail or emailA shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the advance voting form available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at [email protected].If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Oy before the deadline for registration and advance voting  the submission constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the information requested on the advance voting form required for registration.Instructions relating to the advance voting are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.Shareholders who have voted in advance who wish to exercise their right to ask questions  demand a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal under the Finnish Companies Act must participate in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the General Meeting shall be Finnish. Shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Markets Act is available at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares in Kojamo plc and votes represented by such shares is 247 144 399. On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the company does not hold any of its own shares.Changes in the number of shares held after the record date of the Annual General Meeting shall not have an effect on the right to participate the Annual General Meeting nor on the number of votes held by a shareholder in the Annual General Meeting.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9.00 a.m. until 12.00 noon and from 1.00 p.m. until 4.00 p.m. (EET).In Helsinki  15 February 2023Kojamo plcThe Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Markus Kouhi  General Counsel  Kojamo plc  tel. +358 20 508 4238  [email protected]Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki  Key mediaKojamo is Finland's largest private residential real estate company and one of the biggest investors in Finland. Our mission is to create better urban housing. Lumo offers environmentally friendly housing and services for the city dweller who appreciates quality and effortlessness. We actively develop the value of our investment properties by developing new properties and our existing property portfolio. We want to be the property market frontrunner and the number one choice for our customers. Kojamo's shares are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. For more information  please visit https://kojamo.fi/en/.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/18367/3715162/9702d4108b4edf24.pdf CV Andreas Segal EN https://mb.cision.com/Public/18367/3715162/a9c4d00c545b402e.pdf CV Annica Ånäs ENSOURCE Kojamo Oyj",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kojamo plc', 'Notice', 'Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'one annual fee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'The Nomination Board', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual fees', 'meeting venue', 'The CEO', 'The Board', 'proxy representatives', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'distributable funds', 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'overlapping fees', 'Committee meetings', 'permanent address', '40 per cent', 'transfer tax', 'attendance allowance', '2022 Remuneration Report', 'Interim Report', ""shareholders' rights"", ""shareholders' register"", 'advance voting', 'record date', 'transaction costs', 'two weeks', 'Thursday 16 March', 'Vice Chairman', 'A. MATTERS', 'parent company', 'other members', 'company shares', '20 March', '31 March', '9.00 a', '10.00 a', 'February', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'Notice', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', 'reception', 'participants', 'distribution', 'ballots', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'agm', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'permission', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'review', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'Dividend', '5 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'approval', 'term', 'close', 'role', 'addition', 'Committees', 'cash', 'rest', 'name', 'behalf', 'purchase', 'publication', '1 January', 'number']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,prnewswire.com
18497,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608339/0/en/Aspo-Group-financial-statement-release-January-1-December-31-2022-Excellent-fourth-quarter-topped-off-Aspo-s-strong-financial-performance-in-2022.html,Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022: Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022,Aspo Plc Financial Statement Release February 15  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022  Excellent...,English FinnishAspo PlcFinancial Statement ReleaseFebruary 15  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets.October–December 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales remained at the previous year’s level  being EUR 164.6 (163.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 (13.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 6.9% (8.5%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.6 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.7) million.Items affecting the comparability of the operating profit totaled EUR -16.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR -3.7 (8.7) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was -2.3% (5.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.2 (9.8) million  Telko EUR -7.7 (4.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million.Earnings per share were EUR -0.21 (0.17).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 22.0 (10.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 16.5 (4.1) million.January–December 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales increased by 11% to EUR 652.6 (586.4) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 55.3 (42.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 20.8 (21.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.3 (1.9) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -24.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR 33.9 (36.9) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.3% (6.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 38.1 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 7.3 (20.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million.Earnings per share were EUR 0.61 (0.76).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million.Guidance for 2023Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the payment of dividendsAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date. Therefore  a maximum of EUR 0.46 (0.45) would be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year.More information about the proposed dividend distribution is available under section “Dividend proposal”.Key figures 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 38.1 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 7.3 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 -4.8 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -1.9 -1.9 -6.7 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % -2.3 5.4 5.3 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 22.0 10.7 67.7 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR 16.5 4.1 34.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 15.2 20.8 Equity ratio  % 34.7 32.0 Gearing  % 108.4 131.0 Equity per share  EUR 4.58 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2022:In the light of financial figures  2022 was a success and in many ways record-breaking. Aspo Group’s net sales increased to EUR 652.6 million  up by roughly 11% from the previous year. The comparable operating profit for 2022 increased to a record EUR 55.3 million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 8.5%. Both the increase in net sales and our comparable operating profit exceeded the financial targets set for the Group.Aspo’s net sales in October–December stood at EUR 164.6 million  and the comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 million. ESL Shipping especially supported the positive development of net sales and operating profit  with its record-breaking fourth quarter crowning its overall excellent year. The strong growth of Leipurin’s net sales during the fourth quarter was supported not only by high inflation rates  but also by the acquisition of the Swedish company Kobia AB at the beginning of September. Telko’s comparable operating profit in October–December was below the normal level which was due to the direct and reflected effects of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Eastern trade. Apart from the eastern markets  Telko’s net sales developed positively.The year 2022 turned out to be highly different from what we still assumed at the beginning of the year. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine dramatically changed the lives of many of our employees  and our entire operating environment changed drastically.Already in spring  we decided to withdraw from all our operations in Russia and from other selected eastern markets. The prerequisites for responsible business had vanished  and it became clear that we would set our sights even more firmly on western markets in accordance with our strategy updated at the end of 2021. We will continue to operate in Ukraine  and we want to support its development and do our part to help rebuild the country.In summer  we divested Leipurin’s machinery business Vulganus  and at the end of October  the divestment of Kauko was finalized. At the same time  we focused on developing our key businesses through acquisitions according to our compounder strategy  of which the acquisition of Kobia by Leipurin and Telko’s recent acquisitions were the most significant. During the year  we also made strategic investments  the most important of which was ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in new Green Coaster vessels using a pooling arrangement.We are heading to 2023 from a good position  and we will continue the determined implementation of our strategy. I believe that we can generate strong cash flow even in this challenging market environment and  in accordance with our financial guidance  we expect Aspo’s comparable operating profit to be EUR 30–40 million in 2023. We continue to boost organic growth through strategic acquisitions.Thanks for Aspo’s excellent results in 2022 go to our entire personnel. I am particularly pleased and grateful for the dedication our personnel showed in supporting our colleagues in areas ravaged by the war and in ensuring their safety.ASPO GROUPFinancial results and targetsAspo’s financial targets announced on December 1  2021:Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130%With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%.In 2022  the Group’s targets were reached well overall. Aspo Group’s operating profit increased by 11%. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%)  clearly exceeding the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained at the level of 15.2% (20.8%) due to the items affecting comparability of EUR -24.1 million that mainly consisted of additional costs and impairment losses arising from Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  and whose negative impact on return on equity was roughly 15.6 percentage points. Aspo’s gearing decreased to 108.4% (131.0%)  well below the target level.Aspo Group’s comparable result for continuing and discontinued operationsAspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These include impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine.In December 2021  Aspo announced that Kauko operating segment was defined not being part of Aspo’s core operations  and Kauko was classified as a discontinued operation. On October 31  2022  Kauko was divested outside the Group  and its accumulated earnings until that date and the divestment loss are presented in the profit from discontinued operations  separate from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. However  Kauko’s results are included in Aspo Group’s total figures and comparable operating profit.Telko’s companies in Russia and Belarus  and Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan are classified as held for sale in the 2022 financial statements (eastern businesses held for sale below). The results of the eastern businesses held for sale are reported as part of Telko and Leipurin  as well as Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The assets and liabilities of the eastern businesses held for sale are presented on the balance sheet separately as assets and liabilities held for sale. When the eastern businesses were classified as held for sale  they were measured at fair value less cost to sell  resulting in the recognition of impairment losses totaling EUR 14.5 million in the fourth quarter  reported as items affecting comparability. On divestment  the recognition of the translation differences of the eastern businesses as part of sales losses as well as a possible change the fair value of the eastern businesses compared with the estimates made in the financial statements will also have a negative impact on the operating profit. On the closing date  the amount of the translation differences of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR -11.8 million. The amount fluctuates according to changes in exchange rates until the date of sale. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the result for the period has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity.Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Operating profit  Group total -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % -2.9 5.4 4.8 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 10 2 9 8 38 1 26 8 Telko  operating profit -7 7 4 4 7 3 20 4 Leipurin  operating profit -4 3 -3 6 -4 8 -2 4 Other operations  operating profit -1 9 -1 9 -6 7 -7 9 Operating profit from continuing operations -3 7 8 7 33 9 36 9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1 1 0 1 -2 7 -3 0 Operating profit  Group total -4 8 8 8 31 2 33 9 Items affecting comparability*) -16 1 -5 1 -24 1 -8 5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11 3 13 9 55 3 42 4*) Items affecting comparability  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Kauko Total Shipping operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Impairment losses -9 3 -5 0 -1 3 -15 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 8 -1 1 -0 6 -2 5 Divestment losses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -2 0 Total 0 7 -13 5 -8 1 -0 7 -2 5 -24 1In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million  and they are reported in the profit from discontinued operations. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million.Of the items affecting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -16.1 million  EUR -14.3 million were related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences. Of the items  EUR -0.4 million were recognized for the ESL Shipping segment  EUR -9.0 for Telko  and EUR -5.0 million for Leipurin. Items affecting comparability relating to reorganizations were EUR -0.4 million in the Leipurin segment and EUR -0.1 million in other operations. In addition  Kauko’s sales loss of EUR -1.2 million is included in the items affecting comparability and reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.Items affecting the comparability in 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.SustainabilitySustainability is a material factor which guides Aspo’s management system and especially the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be pioneers in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) goals for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2e (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) is 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping invests in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is significant in terms of monetary value  but above all  it helps the shipping company move towards its emissions target.During the past 12 months  emission intensity improved further to 0.33 (0.42)  driven by the increase in net sales and operational efficiency.Another key goal was a higher level of safety  with the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) being 8.1 (8.8) during the past 12 months. Even though TRIF improved from the previous year  we did not reach the target of 7.0 set for 2022.Aspo regularly assesses the satisfaction of employees with their own tasks  the quality of management  and Aspo as an employer by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. In 2021  Aspo started to use the People Power index  a new method of measuring job satisfaction  and it was also included in the Group’s sustainability goals. The operating environment remained fairly challenging in all businesses  and job satisfaction decreased slightly  while still being high: the Group achieved the rating of AA in 2022 (2021: AA+). However  the targeted level of AA+ was not achieved unlike in 2021.Aspo’s internal Compliance and Code of Conduct training includes anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. Aspo’s goal is that all of the Group’s personnel complete the training every year. In 2022  approximately 100% (89%) of the Group’s employees completed Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (88%) completed Compliance training.Operating environment and the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo’s operationsAspo’s operating environment changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The invasion has caused considerable general uncertainties in markets  higher interest rates  lower trust among consumers  price inflation  higher energy prices in particular  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates.Significantly suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The considerable damage to the energy distribution infrastructure in Ukraine made the situation even worse during the second half of 2022. The war drastically reduces operating conditions in eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  and selected values in particular. Aspo’s decision to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets  combined with the sanctions related to the war  has also reshaped Aspo’s logistics flows and operating models.ESL Shipping’s all operations have been suspended in Russia  and the released vessel capacity has been transferred to other operating areas. Telko has signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. At the end of 2022  Telko also signed a binding preliminary agreement on the sale of its subsidiary in Belarus to a member of its current management. A binding preliminary agreement was also signed with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor  after the end of the financial year on the sale of Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan.Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan stood at EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 4% of Aspo Group’s net sales. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus stood at EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 9% of Aspo Group’s net sales. The consolidated net sales of Telko and Leipurin in these countries accounted for roughly 13% of Aspo Group’s net sales in 2022 (16% of net sales in 2021).The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent the transportation of goods and the transfer of payments which has reduced the net sales and profitability of the operations in Russia. In addition  decreases in the companies’ operations and personnel have reduced Russia’s role in Aspo’s business operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight.The equity of the group companies in Russia is EUR 20.5 (16.6) million  comprising 14.3% (12.8%) of Aspo Group’s total equity. In Aspo Group  EUR 12.2 million in impairment losses associated with the equity of Russian companies have been recognized in the financial statements. Aspo’s assets in Russia mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents  inventories and accounts receivable. The number of employees in Aspo Group’s companies in Russia is decreasing  being 105 (193) at the end of the year.Rising interest and inflation rates  as well as weaker general economic estimates  have affected consumers’ purchasing behavior  for example  so that consumers have shifted from more expensive to more affordable products.While the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the news  it still has an impact on Aspo’s operating environment. For example  the global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on certain Aspo’s businesses  decelerating sales and the completion of orders. The markets are also characterized by disruptions in logistics flows and the low availability of certain products. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations especially among ESL Shipping’s crew members.Net sales by market area  continuing operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Share 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 58.6 45.4 35.8 224.4 175.2 34.9 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 23.6 137.6 109.4 21.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16 11.1 67.8 54.8 10.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 13.2 118.2 155.2 18.4 Other countries 26.8 22.5 16.3 95.4 78.7 14.8 Total 163.8 160 100 643.4 573.3 100During 2022  Aspo has reported its net sales by market area with the following division: Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The eastern markets’ share of total net sales continued to decrease during the fourth quarter of 2022  mainly due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and decisions to downsize operations in Russia and withdraw from the market as planned. As a result of the withdrawal from Russia  the division of Aspo’s main market areas will change at the beginning of 2023. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will direct its growth investments at western markets  and the eastern markets’ share of Aspo’s total net sales already decreased to 13.2% in the fourth quarter.Cash flow and financingThe Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–December was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. The cash flow of all businesses showed positive development during the year. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -6.7 (-22.0) million. The increase in working capital mainly comes from the advance payments for the vessels to be built in the ESL Shipping segment’s vessel pool and the customer receivables accumulated through high sales at the end of the year. This was partly compensated by the Telko segment’s working capital  which improved towards the year end. The free cash flow in January–December was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million. The amount of investments of EUR -17.8 (-15.9) million mainly included the ESL Shipping segment’s dockages and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the cash flow from investing activities includes EUR -17.9 million cash outflow on the acquisitions of Kobia  Mentum and Johan Steenks and a total of EUR 2.8 million in cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus as the most significant items.12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 189.2 187.3 Cash and cash equivalents 33.5 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 155.7 169.6Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 155.7 (169.6) million and gearing fell to 108.4% (131.0%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.7% (32.0%). The balance sheet strengthened as a result of improved profitability and the new hybrid instrument issued in June.Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -6.3 (-3.9) million. Exchange rate changes  especially the strengthened value of the Russian ruble  increased financial expenses by EUR 1.6 million from the previous year. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 3.3% (1.4%).The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 33.5 (17.7) at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 11.8 million. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained wholly unused (5).During 2022  Aspo extended its maturity structure for interest-bearing loans. In September  AtoBatC AB signed an EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan’s maturity is 15 years  and it has not yet been withdrawn. The loan  together with the ten-year loan agreement of EUR 20 million singed in June with the Nordic Investment Bank  of which EUR 19.6 million have been withdrawn  finances ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The project was launched in September 2021. In addition  Aspo restructured a bilateral bank loan of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new bilateral revolving credit facility which will mature in 2025. The loan agreement also includes two options for a one-year extension.In June  Aspo issued a new EUR 30 million hybrid instrument  with a coupon rate of 8.75% per annum. The hybrid instrument has no maturity  but the company may exercise an early redemption option in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s earlier hybrid instrument of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operationsAspo and its subsidiaries are exposed to various risks and uncertainties  which are mainly identified and managed in Aspo's businesses. The most important risks and preparedness for them are summarized and reported to Aspo's Board of Directors through Aspo's Audit Committee.Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causes significant geopolitical uncertainties. It affects the general economic environment  including inflation  energy and raw material prices  interest rates  and consumers’ trust.The ongoing process to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets will change the Group’s structure significantly and will affect the revenue model of Aspo’s businesses in the long term. There are risks that the withdrawal from the selected markets causes additional costs or losses  and that funds cannot be transferred from the markets or that the withdrawal is unsuccessful in full or in part. It is also possible that the official approvals required for the withdrawal from the markets are not obtained for example due to changes is legislation or that they are at risk or fail for some other reason.Financial activities and the prevailing geopolitical uncertainties have caused the prices of many raw materials  components and logistics services to rise rapidly. While Aspo may benefit from the price increases temporarily  the prices of raw materials or rental capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disruptions in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes are also increasing risks. The rapid increase in inflation has generally caused pressure for salary increases  which in Finland can lead to labor disputes  which can also negatively affect Aspo's businesses.International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may also affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. The geopolitical tensions may escalate and cause a direct adverse impact on business operations  put payments at risk and even suspend business operations. If escalated  cyber incidents and disruptions in information systems may cause damage to business operations.In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its steady profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary deterioration in the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial resources and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability.The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on Aspo’s operations has been limited at the group level  even though it has been significant in the Leipurin segment. The current and any new coronavirus variants and their rapid spread may suspend business operations and cause financial losses through stoppages in global logistics chains  among other factors.Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESS OPERATIONSESL ShippingESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 41 vessels with a total capacity of 425 000 deadweight tonnage (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (80% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 16 vessels (18%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 63.3 54.7 16 245.4 191.4 28 Operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 4 38.1 26.8 42 Operating profit  % 16.1 17.9 15.5 14.0 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.4 0.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 10.6 9.8 8 37.4 26.8 40 Comparable operating profit  % 16.7 17.9 15.2 14.0The fourth quarter of 2022 marked the best quarter in ESL Shipping’s history measured by the operating profit. Net sales increased by 16% from the previous year to EUR 63.3 (54.7) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter increased by 8% to record-breaking EUR 10.6 (9.8) million. The operating profit of EUR 10.2 (9.8) million includes EUR -0.4 million in expenses associated with suspended operations in Russia.High demand in the shipping company’s main market areas  the shipping company’s long-term partnership strategy and the successful operations of the onshore and offshore personnel enabled the excellent results. Weather conditions were also favorable for operations. The comparable operating profit rate of 16.7% (17.9%) achieved during the fourth quarter was once again excellent. During the quarter  the prices of diesel and liquefied natural gas (LNG) used as ship fuels decreased from the previous quarter  while remaining roughly twice as high as in the comparative period. The high level of fuel surcharges increased net sales and reduced the operating profit rate  which is used as an indicator of relative profitability.During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The volume development was based on the transfer of raw material deliveries away from Russia which has extended transportation distances especially for energy coal. The final quarter is also normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation involving the security of supply  the low availability of biofuels and longer transportation distances  the percentage of energy coal from all transportation operations tripled during the fourth quarter from the comparative period.The profitability of all the shipping company’s vessel categories was excellent during the fourth quarter. In fourth quarter  production plants of several contractual customers underwent relatively large maintenance stoppages and restricted production due to lower demand and high energy costs. High demand experienced in the energy industry enabled the vessels to continue to operate at full capacity during the fourth quarter. The spot cargo market decreased in all customer segments and vessel categories during the quarter. After operations in Russia were suspended  demand for ESL Shipping’s loading and unloading operations for vessels at sea shifted to the southern Baltic Sea where it was maintained by the high demand for energy coal transportation during the fourth quarter and congestion at ports suitable for large ocean liners.Six time-chartered vessels of the smaller vessel category were redelivered to their owners as the charter agreements ended at the end of the fourth quarter and as the price of an extended charter period became too high.The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB    at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. The first four new vessels are already under construction  and the first vessel is to be delivered during fall 2023.One larger vessel was docked for seven days during the fourth quarter and one smaller vessel was out of service for 26 days. In 2022  dockage days totaled 141 (229).The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December increased from the comparative period by 28% to EUR 245.4 (191.4) million. The comparable operating profit was the highest in the company’s history at EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 15.2% (14.0%). The operating profit rate clearly exceeded the long-term target of 14%. Comparability was affected by the gain from the sale of the barge Espa and costs associated with the suspended operations in Russia. Their impact on net results was EUR 0.7 million and  as a result  ESL Shipping’s operating profit amounted to EUR 38.1 (26.8) million and its operating profit rate was 15.5% (14.0%) for 2022 as a whole.The shipping company’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The aim is to halve carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. During 2022  ESL Shipping transported 14.7 (14.8) million tons of cargo  and its vessels consumed 819 988 (898 158) MWh of energy. CO2 emissions per transported ton decreased by 7.5% to 0.015 (0.016) tons of carbon dioxide per ton of cargo. The new energy-efficient operating models applied to port visits supported the positive development.ESL Shipping outlook for 2023General macroeconomic uncertainties have increased in ESL Shipping’s main market areas. Higher inflation and slower economic growth increase demand and pricing pressure among the shipping company’s main customers. Finland’s labor market may experience unrest during the spring  and its impact through overtime bans and strikes may be significant on key customers and especially on the effectiveness of the transport chain.Global demand estimates in sea transportation markets and price levels of spot markets have decreased considerably from the previous year. On the other hand  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for round-the-year operations in the Baltic Sea is limited. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main customers is expected to be satisfactory  albeit slightly lower than in the previous year. Demand for energy deliveries outside Finland is expected to remain high during the first half of the year. In the forest industry  pulp delivery volumes are looking positive  but only satisfactory for sawn goods. Volumes are looking satisfactory in the steel industry. Now that deliveries of Russian raw materials have stopped  certain of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers are forced to seek new suppliers for part of their production input required in new geographic areas. Not all of these procurement routes have yet become stabilized which may cause an imbalance in ESL Shipping’s operations. The role of energy coal transportation is expected to decrease significantly when the preparation situation returns to normal and demand shifts towards other energy forms.The majority of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the Supramax vessels. Currently  the expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels do not meet the realities in the shipping company’s main market areas which may cause further uncertainties in the availability of a suitable and sufficient tonnage. The impact of rising energy prices on ESL Shipping’s costs is compensated effectively through fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements.Surveys show that ESL Shipping’s customer satisfaction is at an excellent level  similarly to the personnel’s commitment and job satisfaction. Activities to further improve customer and employee satisfaction  sustainability and occupational safety will continue.The shipping company’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping will continue the development of a fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in line with the green transition and the vessels designed for it in cooperation with its key customers. The shipping company is participating in projects aimed to produce green hydrogen through renewable electricity and to further process it as fossil-free fuel for the shipping company’s vessels.During 2023  four larger and two smaller vessels will be docked for a total of approximately 100 days.TelkoTelko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China.In October 2022  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. In December  Telko finalized the preliminary agreement to divest its subsidiary in Belarus  to a member of its current management. Both business transactions still need to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 59.2 73.6 -20 267.4 268.8 -1 Operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 -275 7.3 20.4 -64 Operating profit  % -13.0 6.0 2.7 7.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -9.0 -0.8 -13.5 -0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 5.2 -75 20.8 21.2 -2 Comparable operating profit  % 2.2 7.1 7.8 7.9During the fourth quarter  Telko’s net sales decreased steeply to EUR 59.2 (73.6) million. Telko’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased after sales in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine dropped substantially from the previous year. Telko’s net sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased. Demand remained stable in Telko’s all business operations.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and the operating profit rate was 2.2% (7.1%). Net sales and operating profit decreased from the previous year  especially due to weak development and negative results in Russia. Telko’s result for the fourth quarter includes items affecting comparability  which reduced Telko’s operating profit by EUR 9.0 million in total. Impairment losses regarding companies in Russia and Belarus of EUR 9.3 million and other expenses of EUR 0.2 million were recognized relating to the withdrawal from Russia. In addition  the credit loss provision recognized from accounts receivable in Ukraine was reversed by EUR 0.5 million. The combined comparable operating profit of the above countries was slightly negative during the fourth quarter.Telko’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR -7.7 (4.4) million. The operating profit rate was -13.0% (6.0%). Impairment losses associated with inventories  exchange rate losses  and costs related to corporate restructuring also had a negative impact on the operating profit.The net sales of the plastics business decreased by 25% during the fourth quarter to EUR 29.6 (39.7) million  mainly due to the decrease in Telko’s operations in Russia. In Telko’s European markets  demand for plastic polymers remained at a normal level in general. Sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased slightly  regardless of the downward trend in prices. While the steep decline in the prices of volume plastics turned to an increase during the fourth quarter  the prices are still lower than during the corresponding period in the previous year. The prices of technical plastics decreased slightly during the fourth quarter but were clearly above the comparative period’s level. The acquisition of the operations of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of technical plastic raw materials and plastics  increased the net sales of the plastics business during the fourth quarter  while it had no significant impact on results.During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 32% to EUR 15.9 (23.4) million. Sales decreased steeply in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. The weak development especially in Ukraine resulted from the disruptions in the electricity distribution infrastructure due to the war which directly limited production. Total sales in other countries increased significantly  regardless of the decrease in prices. Prices started to increase during the fourth quarter. Telko’s chemicals business is divided between several customer groups which evens out any fluctuations in demand.During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the lubricants business increased by 31% to EUR 13.7 (10.5) million. Sales increased in all key product groups. The increase in sales resulted from high price levels  the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021  and very positively developed sales of industrial lubricants. Prices of lubricants increased slightly during the fourth quarter. Russia’s invasion in Ukraine did not have any direct impact on the lubricants business.Telko’s net sales in January–December decreased by 1% to EUR 267.4 (268.8) million. The full-year comparable operating profit of EUR 20.8 million was only slightly lower than the previous year’s record-high comparable operating profit (21.2). The comparable operating profit rate remained high at 7.8% (7.9%). Exchange rate losses of EUR 2.5 million reduced the operating profit.Telko’s full-year operating profit fell by 64% to EUR 7.3 (20.4) million. The operating profit rate was 2.7% (7.6%). Results decreased due to the warehouse destroyed in Ukraine  the impairment losses associated with companies in Russia and Belarus  and other costs arising from the withdrawal from Russia  which totaled EUR -13.5 million and have been reported as items affecting comparability.Telko outlook for 2023As announced previously  Telko has agreed to divest its operations in Russia and Belarus. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus were EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022. Both sales transactions require approval by the local authorities. Telko expects the Russian transaction to be completed during the first quarter of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved.In 2023  Telko’s net sales and profit will be significantly lower than in the previous year due to the changed situation in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. In other countries  demand is expected to remain moderate  even though there will be differences between businesses.The prices of plastics and chemicals decreased steeply during the latter half of 2022  while still being clearly above the long-term average. It is assumed that the most significant price corrections took place during 2022  but the prices are expected to decrease slightly during the first half if energy prices do not experience a considerable increase. In high added value products  on which Telko focuses in accordance with its strategy  price changes are typically more moderate. Significant changes in prices have a short-term impact on margins. Demand for lubricants is expected to remain stable  and prices are expected to increase at least during the first half of 2023.In western markets  demand will involve uncertainties during the next few months. Demand indices have decreased in the construction and automotive industries in Europe. High energy prices and inflation rates will affect demand during the next few months  in particular. At the end of the year  demand will  above all  be affected by the general development of purchasing power in Europe. The lifting of coronavirus restrictions in China is expected to increase local demand. In addition  higher demand in China may have an impact on global price development during the first part of the year. In Central Asia  demand is expected to remain relatively high. Sales in Ukraine will be lower during the first half than in the previous year  while they are expected to be at the 2022 level during the rest of the year  depending completely on the development of the war.Telko will continue its activities to improve its operational efficiency and scalability. Inflation causes general increases in costs. On the other hand  cargo expenses  especially in Asia  will be materially lower than in the previous year.The recent structural arrangements continued when Telko announced on January 31  2023  that it will acquire Eltrex  a Polish company specialized in the distribution of chemicals. According to its strategy  Telko continues to accelerate its growth through acquisitions in addition to organic growth.LeipurinLeipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four business units  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  Baltics  and East. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. The Leipurin segment’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. The Leipurin segment uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners.On April 22  2022  Aspo announced that Leipurin will withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. In January 2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell its subsidiaries in these countries to a private investor. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 41.3 31.7 30 130.6 113.1 15 Operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 19 -4.8 -2.4 100 Operating profit  % -10.4 -11.4 -3.7 -2.1 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -5.4 -4.3 -8.1 -4.3 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 3.3 1.9 74 Comparable operating profit  % 2.7 2.2 2.5 1.7 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 4.1 2.4 71 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 2.7 2.3 3.2 2.2Leipurin’s operations were still affected by the restrictions in eastern markets due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the high price inflation in global raw material markets  and challenges related to the availability of raw materials.Leipurin’s total net sales increased by 30% during the fourth quarter to EUR 41.3 (31.7) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 2.7 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy. The Finland business unit’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 12.2 (11.3) million. In the Baltics  net sales increased by 18% to EUR 10.0 (8.5) million. Net sales of the East business unit decreased by 32% to EUR 6.2 (9.1) million due to the reduced product range  consisting only of local procurement. The decrease in the net sales of the East business unit was also significantly affected by the decrease in operations in Ukraine down to roughly 9% from the comparative year’s level. Sweden was established as a new business unit as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  and it accounted for EUR 12.9 million and approximately 31% of Leipurin’s net sales in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 41% to EUR 28.6 (20.3) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 35% to EUR 4.2 (3.1) million.The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets continued to have a significant impact on Leipurin’s sales during the fourth quarter. Measured in kilograms  the decrease in sales intensified in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics  whereas sales continued to be roughly half of the previous year’s level in the East business unit. The weak volume development is mainly driven by the decrease in consumers’ trust in the current market situation  in which energy costs and interest rates are especially rising steeply. The significant increase in living expenses continued in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics which reduced the inflation-adjusted sales volume of retail and strengthened the shift in consumers’ demand towards more affordable products. The positive development of profit margins continued  regardless of the negative trends in volumes.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.3%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -5.4 (-4.3) million  included costs and impairment losses arising from the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan  and costs associated with the reorganization of Leipurin’s group operations. The comparability of the comparative period was affected by animpairment loss recognized on goodwill. Leipurin’s operating loss for the fourth quarter was EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million. Reversal of a fair value allocation of inventories amounting to EUR -0.5 million which arised from the acquisition of Kobia  had a negative impact on the operating profit.In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 130.6 (113.1) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 11.4 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy  which were EUR 7.1 million higher than in 2022  but the increase in raw material sales in western markets was particularly strong during the review period compared to the corresponding period in the previous year. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2022 was EUR 3.3 (1.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.7%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 4.1 (2.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.2% (2.2%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -8.1 (-4.3) million  were mainly related to the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the acquisition of Kobia  and the divestment of Vulganus. The reported operating profit was negative at EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million. Kobia’s impact on Leipurin’s operating profit was still negative due to the reversal of the EUR 0.5 million fair value allocation of inventories related to the acquisition.Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The loss arising from the divestment and the expenses related to it  totaling EUR -0.4 million  are reported under the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Leipurin acquired all shares in Kobia AB  a Swedish distributor in the bakery industry  from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia AB comprises Leipurin’s new Sweden business unit  and it has been included in Aspo Group’s figures since September 1  2022. Kobia’s annual net sales are approximately EUR 50 million  and its operating profit rate is roughly 3%. The acquisition strengthens Leipurin’s position as the leading company in the Baltic Sea region.Leipurin outlook for 2023The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and results. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022. The divestment of the operations in the eastern markets still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Leipurin expects the transaction to be completed during the first half of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved.The expansion to Sweden through the acquisition of Kobia AB will increase Leipurin’s annual net sales by roughly EUR 50 million and produce considerable synergy benefits in the development of the product range  and in the supply chain and procurement. It also enables partners to be served in a larger geographic area. The integration of operations has progressed according to plans.Inflation and the rising energy prices  in particular  have a negative impact on demand for more expensive products  potentially presenting profitability challenges among the bakery segment’s customers. The decreased purchasing power may have a negative impact on demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers prefer more affordable products.The upward trend is expected to continue in the prices of main raw material categories  even though the rapid inflation during the review period is expected to decelerate considerably. This is expected to take place during the first half of 2023.Despite these challenges  Leipurin sees that the market will offer a highly stable environment in the long term and also opportunities for organic growth in selected market segments. In addition  the profitability program that was launched earlier develops the organization's ability to lead with information and helps to improve financial performance in particular. The program focuses both on selected growth clusters and on improving the efficiency of operations. This program is expected to contribute to improving Leipurin’s financial development.The impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic on the global supply chains  the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times will continue.The management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well at present. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers.Other operationsOther operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. The comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.8 (-1.9) million during the fourth quarter. The reported operating profit of EUR -1.9 (-1.9) million includes EUR -0.1 million in restructuring expenses affecting comparability.The comparable operating profit for 2022 was EUR -6.0 (-7.9) million. The reported operating profit was EUR -6.7 (-7.9) million  including EUR -0.7 million in items affecting comparability that are mainly related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO and restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATIONAspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade.Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital.Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources.In January-December 2022  a total of 4 242 696 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 33.9 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  13.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.01 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 8.20. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 257.1 million.The company had 11 712 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 077 145 shares  or 3.43% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.Dividend proposalAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution  while leaving room for strategic investments. Aspo started to pay dividends twice a year in 2017.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 357 529 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release.The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.RemunerationShare-based incentive plan 2022–2024On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares.The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors.The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash.For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall.Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee.The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. In March 2022  based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid in cash to cover taxes.Share-based incentive plan 2020In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal quantity will take place in 2023.DividendAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022.At its meeting held on November 2  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second installment of dividends  EUR 0.22 per share  on the basis of the authorization provided at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend was paid on November 11  2022.The Board of Directors and the auditorAt the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members.In 2022  the Board of Directors arranged 21 meetings. The participation rate was 99%.The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.In 2022  99 400 share were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donationsAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023.In 2022  donations of approximately EUR 55 000 were made.Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ MeetingThe shareholders’ Nomination Board consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. According to the list of shareholders as of August 31  2022  the following representatives of the largest shareholders are members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: Roberto Lencioni  chair (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  chairman of Aspo’s Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board.The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023 that the Board of Directors will have seven members.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31. The Nomination Board considers this to better support its activities  with the new date giving it more time to prepare proposals.Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Aspo's long-time board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Mammu Kaario  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the members of the Board of Directors be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):- members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month- Vice Chair: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month- Chair: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per monthThe Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Other operating income 1.1 0.2 3.3 0.5 Materials and services -109.8 -97.3 -402.9 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -14.1 -13.0 -54.4 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -6.9 -8.8 -19.9 -20.8 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -4.6 -3.8 -16.7 -13.7 Other operating expenses -33.2 -28.6 -118.9 -102.3 Operating profit -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Financial income and expenses 0.7 -1.0 -6.3 -3.9 Profit before taxes -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Income taxes -1.3 -2.1 -4.1 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit for the period -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 Discontinued operations -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Total -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet12/2022 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 46.8 45.9 Tangible assets 178.4 168.9 Leased assets 15.9 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.5 1.7 Total non-current assets 242.6 237.2 Inventories 69.9 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 69.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 21.7 17.7 160.9 160.7 Assets held for sale 12.4 8.4 Total current assets 173.3 169.1 Total assets 415.9 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 121.7 107.4 Total equity 143.7 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 154.3 142.4 Lease liabilities 4.6 6.9 Other liabilities 7.6 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 166.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 17.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 11.7 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 72.3 79.3 101.8 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 6.8 Total current liabilities 105.7 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 415.9 406.3Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 31.2 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 50.6 39.6 Change in working capital -6.7 -22.0 Interest paid -4.2 -4.4 Interest received 0.3 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.5 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 67.7 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -17.8 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -17.9 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -33.3 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -18.7 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -16.2 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.1 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities -16.5 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 17.8 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 Translation differences 0.0 0.9 Impairment loss on cash and cash equivalents -2.0 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 33.5 17.7 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.8 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 21.7 17.7Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 25.3 25.3 Translation differences 2.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income 2.2 25.3 27.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.8 -1.8 Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions -11.6 -11.6 with owners Equity December 31  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.7 95.6 129.4Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited.Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication.PersonnelAt the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 886 (944) employees.Segment informationAspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin.Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.1 7.3 -4.8 -6.7 33.9 Net financial expenses -6.3 -6.3 Profit before taxes 27.6 1-12/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 26.8 20.4 -2.4 -7.9 36.9 Net financial expenses -3.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 33.0 Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 17.8 Investments 1-12/2021 15.3 0.5 0.1 15.9Green Coaster investment commitmentAtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them will start operating in the third quarter of 2023.During the third quarter of 2022  it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared its option and ordered five additional vessels from the Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which AtoBatC has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors.Advance payments for the vessels to be sold further have been recognized in inventories. At the end of the financial year  inventories included EUR 10.2 million in advance payments for the Green Coaster vessels.ESL Shipping’s total investment comprises six vessels and roughly EUR 70 million.Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales. from continuing operationsTelko net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 29.6 39.7 -25.4 136.9 146.7 -6.7 Chemicals business 15.9 23.4 -32.1 80.3 83.6 -3.9 Lubricants business 13.7 10.5 30.5 50.2 38.5 30.4 Telko total 59.2 73.6 -19.6 267.4 268.8 -0.5Leipurin net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Regions: Finland 12.2 11.3 8.0 46.6 40.4 15.3 Sweden 12.9 17.3 Baltics 10.0 8.5 18.0 36.8 30.6 20.4 East 6.2 9.1 -32.1 25.6 30.7 -16.7 Total 41.3 29.0 42.4 126.3 101.7 24.2 of which: Bakeries 28.6 20.3 40.8 87.9 73.2 20.1 Food Industry 4.2 3.1 34.5 14.2 11.0 28.8 Retail  foodservice  other 8.5 5.5 53.7 24.2 17.4 38.8 Machinery trading Russia 2.0 -100.0 0.0 7.3 -100.0 Vulganus 0.7 -100.0 4.3 4.1 4.9 Leipurin total 41.3 31.7 30.4 130.6 113.1 15.5Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.6 0.9 3.5 3.6 Over time 62.7 53.8 241.9 187.8 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko At a point in time 59.1 73.5 267.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.3 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 41.3 29.7 127.3 107.5 Over time 0.0 2.0 3.3 5.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total At a point in time 101.0 104.1 397.8 379.6 Over time 62.8 55.9 245.6 193.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales by market area 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.6 20.2 121.5 84.3 Scandinavia 11.9 17.4 58.5 54.1 Baltic countries 0.6 2.3 2.9 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.6 1.3 2.5 Other countries 18.2 14.2 61.2 47.0 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko Finland 13.7 12.4 53.5 47.6 Scandinavia 14.1 14.1 61.7 52.4 Baltic countries 7.6 5.0 28.2 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 15.4 34.0 91.3 117.3 Other countries 8.4 8.1 32.7 31.1 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.3 12.8 49.4 43.3 Scandinavia 12.6 0.7 17.4 2.9 Baltic countries 10.0 8.7 36.7 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.2 9.3 25.6 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.5 0.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total Finland 58.6 45.4 224.4 175.2 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 137.6 109.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16.0 67.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 118.2 155.2 Other countries 26.8 22.5 95.4 78.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3Acquisition of Kobia ABLeipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit rate was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transactions are significantly affected by market conditions.The purchase price of EUR 15.7 million was paid fully in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.7 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.4 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 2.2 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.1 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 12/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.7 Total consideration 15.7 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value Intangible assets 0.8 Tangible assets 13.6 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.3 Total liabilities 8.9 Net assets acquired 15.6 Goodwill 0.1Acquisition of Johan SteenksTelko completed the acquisition of the operations of the Norwegian company Johan Steenks AS on October 3  2022. Johan Steenks is a distributor of technical plastic raw materials and additives for plastics  and it has an established customer base in the Norwegian markets and a number of well-known principals. The company’s annual net sales are roughly EUR 5 million. The business acquisition had no significant impact on Telko’s net sales or results during the final quarter of the year. The purchase price was approximately EUR 2.0 million  of which EUR 0.7 million were allocated to inventories and the remaining EUR 1.3 million were recognized as an increase in goodwill. The cash flow from the acquisition in 2022 was EUR -1.9 million.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for saleIn October 17  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the Russian authorities. Telko’s company in Russia has been classified as held for sale since October 2022 when the preliminary agreement on the sale was signed. Telko’s company in Belarus has been classified as held for sale since December 2022 when the agreement on the sale was signed with the company’s acting management.Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan have been classified as held for sale since December 31  2022 when their divestment started to seem probable. A binding preliminary agreement on their sale was signed on January 17  2023 with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities.The Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo and classified as held for sale in December 2021. Vulganus was sold to KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH  the leading manufacturer of bakery machines in Austria  on June 30  2022. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million   are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard  and its figures are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. Kauko Oy was sold to Signal Partners Oy on October 31  2022.Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Materials and services -0.6 -2.3 -6.9 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.2 -0.4 -1.5 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 0.0 -1.3 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 Other operating expenses -1.1 -0.4 -2.2 -1.2 Operating profit -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Profit before taxes -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 0.0 Profit for the period -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of the Kauko operating segment  to the extent that they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to the Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations for the financial year is EUR 0.3 (0.4) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. The profit from discontinued operations also includes the EUR -1.2 million loss on sale of Kauko Oy recognized during the fourth quarter. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter of 2021.Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.6 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -1.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -3.2 -1.2Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. The cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy in 2022 was EUR -1.0 million  and it is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The costs to sell of EUR -0.4 million are included in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consists of repayments of interest-bearing loans.Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 5.5 Other assets held for sale 12.4 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 3.9 6.8On the balance sheet  the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period have not been restated.In 2022  assets and liabilities classified as held for sale included the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale in eastern markets. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the companies held for sale  excluding internal assets and liabilities that have been eliminated. In 2021  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations included the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale at the end of 2021 consisted of Vulganus Oy’s assets and liabilities. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended on December 1  2021  for Kauko and Vulganus when they were classified as held for sale. The depreciation and amortization expense was recognized as part of sales losses in conjunction with the divestment of the companies. Telko Russia was classified as held for sale on October 31  2022  and the other companies held for sale in eastern markets on December 31  2022. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended at the time of the classification as held for sale.At the time of classification as held for sale  the net assets of the companies in eastern markets were measured at fair value less cost to sell  which was lower than the carrying amount. As a result  an impairment loss of EUR 9.4 million was recognized in the Telko segment and EUR 5.2 million in the Leipurin segment during the fourth quarter  which are reported as part of the Telko and Leipurin segments’ figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.Impairment losses in income statement 2022 Telko Leipurin Total MEUR MEUR MEUR Impairment losses  tangible and intangible assets 0.6 1.1 1.7 Impairment losses  leased assets 0.8 0.1 0.9 Materials and services 4.8 2.4 7.2 Other operating expenses 3.1 1.4 4.5 Income taxes 0.0 0.2 0.3 Total 9.4 5.2 14.6The impairment losses recognized on the assets of the companies in eastern markets were mainly allocated to inventories  accounts receivable  and cash and cash equivalents. In addition  an impairment loss was recognized on goodwill  determined in based on the ratio between the fair values of the divested companies and the segment.Restricted cash and cash equivalentsIn Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 13.5 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group is EUR 11.5 million  as an impairment loss of EUR 2.0 million was recognized on the cash and cash equivalents in conjunction with the IFRS 5 classification of the companies in Russia. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. It was still possible to pay dividends and make commercial payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. According to our understanding  the purchase prices of the operations held for sale in eastern markets can be transferred in conjunction with their sale. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  which is why they must be considered restricted cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7.Events after the review periodOn January 17  2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell all shares in its subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan to Timur Akhiyarov. Russian-born Akhiyarov will invest in Leipurin’s operations in eastern markets as a private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. Rights to Leipurin’s name and trademarks are not included in the transaction. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities.The Belarusian subsidiaries of Telko and Leipurin have been added to the list of companies whose transfer of shares are prohibited by a decision issued by the Council of Ministers of Belarus at the end of January 2023. Because of this  it is deemed unlikely that the sale of Telko's Belarusian business would proceed. This does not change Aspo Group's previously published assessment of the financial effects of the divestment. Leipurin’s Belarusian subsidiary is part of an agreement according to which the share capitals of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan would be sold to the same buyer. The decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus does not change the previously published assessment of the financial effects of the transaction  nor does it prevent the sale of Leipurin’s Russian and Kazakh subsidiaries.On January 31  Telko acquired a Polish distribution company Eltrex. Eltrex is a distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  and its annual net sales are approximately 8 million euros and operating profit slightly under one million euros.On February 9  2023  Leipurin completed a sale and lease back agreement for its warehouse property in Gothenburg  Sweden. The property came into Leipurin’s ownership via the Kobia acquisition that took place on 1 September 2022. The buyer of the property is Revelop  a Swedish real estate investor. As a result of the sale and lease back transaction  Aspo recognizes a sales gain of approximately EUR 0.4 million. According to the terms of the agreement  Leipurin leases the property for five years. The transaction is close to cost neutral  as the depreciation expense of the assets owned will be replaced by depreciation and interest expense for the leased assets of similar size.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on February 15  2023 at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing johanna.ahtiainen@aspo.com.The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the conference.The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/full_year_result_2022. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009756. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 900 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.13,0.38,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'strong financial performance', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'January', 'December', '2022', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'strong financial performance', 'Free cash flow', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'increasing dividend distribution', '2022 financial year', 'financial targets', 'Net cash', 'operating activities', 'financial figures', 'English Finnish', 'net sales', 'previous year', 'ESL Shipping', 'later date', 'More information', 'Rolf Jansson', 'many ways', 'continuing operations', 'Other operations', 'discontinued operations', 'Aspo Plc', 'Dividend proposal', 'Group total', 'Key figures', 'corresponding period', 'maximum amount', 'Equity ratio', 'February', 'January', 'December', 'brackets', 'October', 'level', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'Earnings', 'Guidance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'dividends', 'aim', 'April', 'addition', 'EUR', 'section', 'taxes', 'EPS', 'Return', 'ROE', 'CEO', 'light', 'success', 'record', 'increase', '9:30', '2021', '2023']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18498,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPO-OYJ-1412432/news/Aspo-Group-financial-statement-release-January-1-ndash-December-31-2022-Excellent-fourth-quarte-42989371/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022: Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo's strong financial performance in 2022,(marketscreener.com)  Aspo Plc Financial Statement Release February 15  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022 Figures from the cor…,Homepage Equities Finland Nasdaq Helsinki Aspo Oyj News Summary ASPO FI0009008072 ASPO OYJ (ASPO) Add to my list Report Report Delayed Nasdaq Helsinki - 11:29:59 2023-02-16 am EST 8.350 EUR -0.48% 02/15 Aspo Oyj : Q4 2022 - Presentation PU 02/15 Transcript : Aspo Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 15  2023 CI 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022: Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo's strong financial performance in 2022 02/15/2023 | 02:32am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Aspo PlcFinancial Statement ReleaseFebruary 15  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022 Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets. October–December 2022  Group total Aspo’s net sales remained at the previous year’s level  being EUR 164.6 (163.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 (13.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 6.9% (8.5%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.6 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.7) million.Items affecting the comparability of the operating profit totaled EUR -16.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR -3.7 (8.7) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was -2.3% (5.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.2 (9.8) million  Telko EUR -7.7 (4.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million.Earnings per share were EUR -0.21 (0.17).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 22.0 (10.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 16.5 (4.1) million.January–December 2022  Group total Aspo’s net sales increased by 11% to EUR 652.6 (586.4) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 55.3 (42.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 20.8 (21.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.3 (1.9) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -24.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR 33.9 (36.9) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.3% (6.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 38.1 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 7.3 (20.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million.Earnings per share were EUR 0.61 (0.76).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million.Guidance for 2023 Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the payment of dividendsAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date. Therefore  a maximum of EUR 0.46 (0.45) would be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year.More information about the proposed dividend distribution is available under section “Dividend proposal”.Key figures 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 38.1 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 7.3 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 -4.8 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -1.9 -1.9 -6.7 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % -2.3 5.4 5.3 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 22.0 10.7 67.7 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR 16.5 4.1 34.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 15.2 20.8 Equity ratio  % 34.7 32.0 Gearing  % 108.4 131.0 Equity per share  EUR 4.58 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2022:In the light of financial figures  2022 was a success and in many ways record-breaking. Aspo Group’s net sales increased to EUR 652.6 million  up by roughly 11% from the previous year. The comparable operating profit for 2022 increased to a record EUR 55.3 million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 8.5%. Both the increase in net sales and our comparable operating profit exceeded the financial targets set for the Group. Aspo’s net sales in October–December stood at EUR 164.6 million  and the comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 million. ESL Shipping especially supported the positive development of net sales and operating profit  with its record-breaking fourth quarter crowning its overall excellent year. The strong growth of Leipurin’s net sales during the fourth quarter was supported not only by high inflation rates  but also by the acquisition of the Swedish company Kobia AB at the beginning of September. Telko’s comparable operating profit in October–December was below the normal level which was due to the direct and reflected effects of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Eastern trade. Apart from the eastern markets  Telko’s net sales developed positively. The year 2022 turned out to be highly different from what we still assumed at the beginning of the year. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine dramatically changed the lives of many of our employees  and our entire operating environment changed drastically. Already in spring  we decided to withdraw from all our operations in Russia and from other selected eastern markets. The prerequisites for responsible business had vanished  and it became clear that we would set our sights even more firmly on western markets in accordance with our strategy updated at the end of 2021. We will continue to operate in Ukraine  and we want to support its development and do our part to help rebuild the country. In summer  we divested Leipurin’s machinery business Vulganus  and at the end of October  the divestment of Kauko was finalized. At the same time  we focused on developing our key businesses through acquisitions according to our compounder strategy  of which the acquisition of Kobia by Leipurin and Telko’s recent acquisitions were the most significant. During the year  we also made strategic investments  the most important of which was ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in new Green Coaster vessels using a pooling arrangement. We are heading to 2023 from a good position  and we will continue the determined implementation of our strategy. I believe that we can generate strong cash flow even in this challenging market environment and  in accordance with our financial guidance  we expect Aspo’s comparable operating profit to be EUR 30–40 million in 2023. We continue to boost organic growth through strategic acquisitions. Thanks for Aspo’s excellent results in 2022 go to our entire personnel. I am particularly pleased and grateful for the dedication our personnel showed in supporting our colleagues in areas ravaged by the war and in ensuring their safety.ASPO GROUP Financial results and targets Aspo’s financial targets announced on December 1  2021: Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130% With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%. In 2022  the Group’s targets were reached well overall. Aspo Group’s operating profit increased by 11%. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%)  clearly exceeding the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained at the level of 15.2% (20.8%) due to the items affecting comparability of EUR -24.1 million that mainly consisted of additional costs and impairment losses arising from Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  and whose negative impact on return on equity was roughly 15.6 percentage points. Aspo’s gearing decreased to 108.4% (131.0%)  well below the target level. Aspo Group’s comparable result for continuing and discontinued operations Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These include impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. In December 2021  Aspo announced that Kauko operating segment was defined not being part of Aspo’s core operations  and Kauko was classified as a discontinued operation. On October 31  2022  Kauko was divested outside the Group  and its accumulated earnings until that date and the divestment loss are presented in the profit from discontinued operations  separate from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. However  Kauko’s results are included in Aspo Group’s total figures and comparable operating profit. Telko’s companies in Russia and Belarus  and Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan are classified as held for sale in the 2022 financial statements (eastern businesses held for sale below). The results of the eastern businesses held for sale are reported as part of Telko and Leipurin  as well as Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The assets and liabilities of the eastern businesses held for sale are presented on the balance sheet separately as assets and liabilities held for sale. When the eastern businesses were classified as held for sale  they were measured at fair value less cost to sell  resulting in the recognition of impairment losses totaling EUR 14.5 million in the fourth quarter  reported as items affecting comparability. On divestment  the recognition of the translation differences of the eastern businesses as part of sales losses as well as a possible change the fair value of the eastern businesses compared with the estimates made in the financial statements will also have a negative impact on the operating profit. On the closing date  the amount of the translation differences of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR -11.8 million. The amount fluctuates according to changes in exchange rates until the date of sale. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the result for the period has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity. Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Operating profit  Group total -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % -2.9 5.4 4.8 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 10 2 9 8 38 1 26 8 Telko  operating profit -7 7 4 4 7 3 20 4 Leipurin  operating profit -4 3 -3 6 -4 8 -2 4 Other operations  operating profit -1 9 -1 9 -6 7 -7 9 Operating profit from continuing operations -3 7 8 7 33 9 36 9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1 1 0 1 -2 7 -3 0 Operating profit  Group total -4 8 8 8 31 2 33 9 Items affecting comparability*) -16 1 -5 1 -24 1 -8 5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11 3 13 9 55 3 42 4*) Items affecting comparability  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Kauko Total Shipping operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Impairment losses -9 3 -5 0 -1 3 -15 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 8 -1 1 -0 6 -2 5 Divestment losses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -2 0 Total 0 7 -13 5 -8 1 -0 7 -2 5 -24 1 In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million  and they are reported in the profit from discontinued operations. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million. Of the items affecting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -16.1 million  EUR -14.3 million were related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences. Of the items  EUR -0.4 million were recognized for the ESL Shipping segment  EUR -9.0 for Telko  and EUR -5.0 million for Leipurin. Items affecting comparability relating to reorganizations were EUR -0.4 million in the Leipurin segment and EUR -0.1 million in other operations. In addition  Kauko’s sales loss of EUR -1.2 million is included in the items affecting comparability and reported as part of the results of discontinued operations. Items affecting the comparability in 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.Sustainability Sustainability is a material factor which guides Aspo’s management system and especially the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be pioneers in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) goals for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2e (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) is 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping invests in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is significant in terms of monetary value  but above all  it helps the shipping company move towards its emissions target. During the past 12 months  emission intensity improved further to 0.33 (0.42)  driven by the increase in net sales and operational efficiency. Another key goal was a higher level of safety  with the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) being 8.1 (8.8) during the past 12 months. Even though TRIF improved from the previous year  we did not reach the target of 7.0 set for 2022. Aspo regularly assesses the satisfaction of employees with their own tasks  the quality of management  and Aspo as an employer by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. In 2021  Aspo started to use the People Power index  a new method of measuring job satisfaction  and it was also included in the Group’s sustainability goals. The operating environment remained fairly challenging in all businesses  and job satisfaction decreased slightly  while still being high: the Group achieved the rating of AA in 2022 (2021: AA+). However  the targeted level of AA+ was not achieved unlike in 2021. Aspo’s internal Compliance and Code of Conduct training includes anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. Aspo’s goal is that all of the Group’s personnel complete the training every year. In 2022  approximately 100% (89%) of the Group’s employees completed Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (88%) completed Compliance training.Operating environment and the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo’s operations Aspo’s operating environment changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The invasion has caused considerable general uncertainties in markets  higher interest rates  lower trust among consumers  price inflation  higher energy prices in particular  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates. Significantly suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The considerable damage to the energy distribution infrastructure in Ukraine made the situation even worse during the second half of 2022. The war drastically reduces operating conditions in eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  and selected values in particular. Aspo’s decision to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets  combined with the sanctions related to the war  has also reshaped Aspo’s logistics flows and operating models. ESL Shipping’s all operations have been suspended in Russia  and the released vessel capacity has been transferred to other operating areas. Telko has signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. At the end of 2022  Telko also signed a binding preliminary agreement on the sale of its subsidiary in Belarus to a member of its current management. A binding preliminary agreement was also signed with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor  after the end of the financial year on the sale of Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan stood at EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 4% of Aspo Group’s net sales. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus stood at EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 9% of Aspo Group’s net sales. The consolidated net sales of Telko and Leipurin in these countries accounted for roughly 13% of Aspo Group’s net sales in 2022 (16% of net sales in 2021). The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent the transportation of goods and the transfer of payments which has reduced the net sales and profitability of the operations in Russia. In addition  decreases in the companies’ operations and personnel have reduced Russia’s role in Aspo’s business operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight. The equity of the group companies in Russia is EUR 20.5 (16.6) million  comprising 14.3% (12.8%) of Aspo Group’s total equity. In Aspo Group  EUR 12.2 million in impairment losses associated with the equity of Russian companies have been recognized in the financial statements. Aspo’s assets in Russia mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents  inventories and accounts receivable. The number of employees in Aspo Group’s companies in Russia is decreasing  being 105 (193) at the end of the year. Rising interest and inflation rates  as well as weaker general economic estimates  have affected consumers’ purchasing behavior  for example  so that consumers have shifted from more expensive to more affordable products. While the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the news  it still has an impact on Aspo’s operating environment. For example  the global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on certain Aspo’s businesses  decelerating sales and the completion of orders. The markets are also characterized by disruptions in logistics flows and the low availability of certain products. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations especially among ESL Shipping’s crew members. Net sales by market area  continuing operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Share 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 58.6 45.4 35.8 224.4 175.2 34.9 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 23.6 137.6 109.4 21.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16 11.1 67.8 54.8 10.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 13.2 118.2 155.2 18.4 Other countries 26.8 22.5 16.3 95.4 78.7 14.8 Total 163.8 160 100 643.4 573.3 100 During 2022  Aspo has reported its net sales by market area with the following division: Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The eastern markets’ share of total net sales continued to decrease during the fourth quarter of 2022  mainly due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and decisions to downsize operations in Russia and withdraw from the market as planned. As a result of the withdrawal from Russia  the division of Aspo’s main market areas will change at the beginning of 2023. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will direct its growth investments at western markets  and the eastern markets’ share of Aspo’s total net sales already decreased to 13.2% in the fourth quarter.Cash flow and financing The Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–December was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. The cash flow of all businesses showed positive development during the year. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -6.7 (-22.0) million. The increase in working capital mainly comes from the advance payments for the vessels to be built in the ESL Shipping segment’s vessel pool and the customer receivables accumulated through high sales at the end of the year. This was partly compensated by the Telko segment’s working capital  which improved towards the year end. The free cash flow in January–December was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million. The amount of investments of EUR -17.8 (-15.9) million mainly included the ESL Shipping segment’s dockages and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the cash flow from investing activities includes EUR -17.9 million cash outflow on the acquisitions of Kobia  Mentum and Johan Steenks and a total of EUR 2.8 million in cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus as the most significant items.12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 189.2 187.3 Cash and cash equivalents 33.5 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 155.7 169.6 Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 155.7 (169.6) million and gearing fell to 108.4% (131.0%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.7% (32.0%). The balance sheet strengthened as a result of improved profitability and the new hybrid instrument issued in June. Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -6.3 (-3.9) million. Exchange rate changes  especially the strengthened value of the Russian ruble  increased financial expenses by EUR 1.6 million from the previous year. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 3.3% (1.4%). The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 33.5 (17.7) at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 11.8 million. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained wholly unused (5). During 2022  Aspo extended its maturity structure for interest-bearing loans. In September  AtoBatC AB signed an EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan’s maturity is 15 years  and it has not yet been withdrawn. The loan  together with the ten-year loan agreement of EUR 20 million singed in June with the Nordic Investment Bank  of which EUR 19.6 million have been withdrawn  finances ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The project was launched in September 2021. In addition  Aspo restructured a bilateral bank loan of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new bilateral revolving credit facility which will mature in 2025. The loan agreement also includes two options for a one-year extension. In June  Aspo issued a new EUR 30 million hybrid instrument  with a coupon rate of 8.75% per annum. The hybrid instrument has no maturity  but the company may exercise an early redemption option in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s earlier hybrid instrument of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operations Aspo and its subsidiaries are exposed to various risks and uncertainties  which are mainly identified and managed in Aspo's businesses. The most important risks and preparedness for them are summarized and reported to Aspo's Board of Directors through Aspo's Audit Committee. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causes significant geopolitical uncertainties. It affects the general economic environment  including inflation  energy and raw material prices  interest rates  and consumers’ trust. The ongoing process to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets will change the Group’s structure significantly and will affect the revenue model of Aspo’s businesses in the long term. There are risks that the withdrawal from the selected markets causes additional costs or losses  and that funds cannot be transferred from the markets or that the withdrawal is unsuccessful in full or in part. It is also possible that the official approvals required for the withdrawal from the markets are not obtained for example due to changes is legislation or that they are at risk or fail for some other reason. Financial activities and the prevailing geopolitical uncertainties have caused the prices of many raw materials  components and logistics services to rise rapidly. While Aspo may benefit from the price increases temporarily  the prices of raw materials or rental capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disruptions in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes are also increasing risks. The rapid increase in inflation has generally caused pressure for salary increases  which in Finland can lead to labor disputes  which can also negatively affect Aspo's businesses. International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may also affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. The geopolitical tensions may escalate and cause a direct adverse impact on business operations  put payments at risk and even suspend business operations. If escalated  cyber incidents and disruptions in information systems may cause damage to business operations. In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its steady profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary deterioration in the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial resources and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability. The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on Aspo’s operations has been limited at the group level  even though it has been significant in the Leipurin segment. The current and any new coronavirus variants and their rapid spread may suspend business operations and cause financial losses through stoppages in global logistics chains  among other factors. Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS ESL Shipping ESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 41 vessels with a total capacity of 425 000 deadweight tonnage (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (80% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 16 vessels (18%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 63.3 54.7 16 245.4 191.4 28 Operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 4 38.1 26.8 42 Operating profit  % 16.1 17.9 15.5 14.0 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.4 0.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 10.6 9.8 8 37.4 26.8 40 Comparable operating profit  % 16.7 17.9 15.2 14.0 The fourth quarter of 2022 marked the best quarter in ESL Shipping’s history measured by the operating profit. Net sales increased by 16% from the previous year to EUR 63.3 (54.7) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter increased by 8% to record-breaking EUR 10.6 (9.8) million. The operating profit of EUR 10.2 (9.8) million includes EUR -0.4 million in expenses associated with suspended operations in Russia. High demand in the shipping company’s main market areas  the shipping company’s long-term partnership strategy and the successful operations of the onshore and offshore personnel enabled the excellent results. Weather conditions were also favorable for operations. The comparable operating profit rate of 16.7% (17.9%) achieved during the fourth quarter was once again excellent. During the quarter  the prices of diesel and liquefied natural gas (LNG) used as ship fuels decreased from the previous quarter  while remaining roughly twice as high as in the comparative period. The high level of fuel surcharges increased net sales and reduced the operating profit rate  which is used as an indicator of relative profitability. During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The volume development was based on the transfer of raw material deliveries away from Russia which has extended transportation distances especially for energy coal. The final quarter is also normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation involving the security of supply  the low availability of biofuels and longer transportation distances  the percentage of energy coal from all transportation operations tripled during the fourth quarter from the comparative period. The profitability of all the shipping company’s vessel categories was excellent during the fourth quarter. In fourth quarter  production plants of several contractual customers underwent relatively large maintenance stoppages and restricted production due to lower demand and high energy costs. High demand experienced in the energy industry enabled the vessels to continue to operate at full capacity during the fourth quarter. The spot cargo market decreased in all customer segments and vessel categories during the quarter. After operations in Russia were suspended  demand for ESL Shipping’s loading and unloading operations for vessels at sea shifted to the southern Baltic Sea where it was maintained by the high demand for energy coal transportation during the fourth quarter and congestion at ports suitable for large ocean liners. Six time-chartered vessels of the smaller vessel category were redelivered to their owners as the charter agreements ended at the end of the fourth quarter and as the price of an extended charter period became too high. The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB    at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. The first four new vessels are already under construction  and the first vessel is to be delivered during fall 2023. One larger vessel was docked for seven days during the fourth quarter and one smaller vessel was out of service for 26 days. In 2022  dockage days totaled 141 (229). The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December increased from the comparative period by 28% to EUR 245.4 (191.4) million. The comparable operating profit was the highest in the company’s history at EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 15.2% (14.0%). The operating profit rate clearly exceeded the long-term target of 14%. Comparability was affected by the gain from the sale of the barge Espa and costs associated with the suspended operations in Russia. Their impact on net results was EUR 0.7 million and  as a result  ESL Shipping’s operating profit amounted to EUR 38.1 (26.8) million and its operating profit rate was 15.5% (14.0%) for 2022 as a whole. The shipping company’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The aim is to halve carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. During 2022  ESL Shipping transported 14.7 (14.8) million tons of cargo  and its vessels consumed 819 988 (898 158) MWh of energy. CO2 emissions per transported ton decreased by 7.5% to 0.015 (0.016) tons of carbon dioxide per ton of cargo. The new energy-efficient operating models applied to port visits supported the positive development.ESL Shipping outlook for 2023 General macroeconomic uncertainties have increased in ESL Shipping’s main market areas. Higher inflation and slower economic growth increase demand and pricing pressure among the shipping company’s main customers. Finland’s labor market may experience unrest during the spring  and its impact through overtime bans and strikes may be significant on key customers and especially on the effectiveness of the transport chain. Global demand estimates in sea transportation markets and price levels of spot markets have decreased considerably from the previous year. On the other hand  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for round-the-year operations in the Baltic Sea is limited. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main customers is expected to be satisfactory  albeit slightly lower than in the previous year. Demand for energy deliveries outside Finland is expected to remain high during the first half of the year. In the forest industry  pulp delivery volumes are looking positive  but only satisfactory for sawn goods. Volumes are looking satisfactory in the steel industry. Now that deliveries of Russian raw materials have stopped  certain of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers are forced to seek new suppliers for part of their production input required in new geographic areas. Not all of these procurement routes have yet become stabilized which may cause an imbalance in ESL Shipping’s operations. The role of energy coal transportation is expected to decrease significantly when the preparation situation returns to normal and demand shifts towards other energy forms. The majority of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the Supramax vessels. Currently  the expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels do not meet the realities in the shipping company’s main market areas which may cause further uncertainties in the availability of a suitable and sufficient tonnage. The impact of rising energy prices on ESL Shipping’s costs is compensated effectively through fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements. Surveys show that ESL Shipping’s customer satisfaction is at an excellent level  similarly to the personnel’s commitment and job satisfaction. Activities to further improve customer and employee satisfaction  sustainability and occupational safety will continue. The shipping company’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping will continue the development of a fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in line with the green transition and the vessels designed for it in cooperation with its key customers. The shipping company is participating in projects aimed to produce green hydrogen through renewable electricity and to further process it as fossil-free fuel for the shipping company’s vessels. During 2023  four larger and two smaller vessels will be docked for a total of approximately 100 days.Telko Telko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China. In October 2022  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. In December  Telko finalized the preliminary agreement to divest its subsidiary in Belarus  to a member of its current management. Both business transactions still need to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 59.2 73.6 -20 267.4 268.8 -1 Operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 -275 7.3 20.4 -64 Operating profit  % -13.0 6.0 2.7 7.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -9.0 -0.8 -13.5 -0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 5.2 -75 20.8 21.2 -2 Comparable operating profit  % 2.2 7.1 7.8 7.9 During the fourth quarter  Telko’s net sales decreased steeply to EUR 59.2 (73.6) million. Telko’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased after sales in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine dropped substantially from the previous year. Telko’s net sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased. Demand remained stable in Telko’s all business operations. The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and the operating profit rate was 2.2% (7.1%). Net sales and operating profit decreased from the previous year  especially due to weak development and negative results in Russia. Telko’s result for the fourth quarter includes items affecting comparability  which reduced Telko’s operating profit by EUR 9.0 million in total. Impairment losses regarding companies in Russia and Belarus of EUR 9.3 million and other expenses of EUR 0.2 million were recognized relating to the withdrawal from Russia. In addition  the credit loss provision recognized from accounts receivable in Ukraine was reversed by EUR 0.5 million. The combined comparable operating profit of the above countries was slightly negative during the fourth quarter. Telko’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR -7.7 (4.4) million. The operating profit rate was -13.0% (6.0%). Impairment losses associated with inventories  exchange rate losses  and costs related to corporate restructuring also had a negative impact on the operating profit. The net sales of the plastics business decreased by 25% during the fourth quarter to EUR 29.6 (39.7) million  mainly due to the decrease in Telko’s operations in Russia. In Telko’s European markets  demand for plastic polymers remained at a normal level in general. Sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased slightly  regardless of the downward trend in prices. While the steep decline in the prices of volume plastics turned to an increase during the fourth quarter  the prices are still lower than during the corresponding period in the previous year. The prices of technical plastics decreased slightly during the fourth quarter but were clearly above the comparative period’s level. The acquisition of the operations of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of technical plastic raw materials and plastics  increased the net sales of the plastics business during the fourth quarter  while it had no significant impact on results. During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 32% to EUR 15.9 (23.4) million. Sales decreased steeply in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. The weak development especially in Ukraine resulted from the disruptions in the electricity distribution infrastructure due to the war which directly limited production. Total sales in other countries increased significantly  regardless of the decrease in prices. Prices started to increase during the fourth quarter. Telko’s chemicals business is divided between several customer groups which evens out any fluctuations in demand. During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the lubricants business increased by 31% to EUR 13.7 (10.5) million. Sales increased in all key product groups. The increase in sales resulted from high price levels  the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021  and very positively developed sales of industrial lubricants. Prices of lubricants increased slightly during the fourth quarter. Russia’s invasion in Ukraine did not have any direct impact on the lubricants business. Telko’s net sales in January–December decreased by 1% to EUR 267.4 (268.8) million. The full-year comparable operating profit of EUR 20.8 million was only slightly lower than the previous year’s record-high comparable operating profit (21.2). The comparable operating profit rate remained high at 7.8% (7.9%). Exchange rate losses of EUR 2.5 million reduced the operating profit. Telko’s full-year operating profit fell by 64% to EUR 7.3 (20.4) million. The operating profit rate was 2.7% (7.6%). Results decreased due to the warehouse destroyed in Ukraine  the impairment losses associated with companies in Russia and Belarus  and other costs arising from the withdrawal from Russia  which totaled EUR -13.5 million and have been reported as items affecting comparability.Telko outlook for 2023 As announced previously  Telko has agreed to divest its operations in Russia and Belarus. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus were EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022. Both sales transactions require approval by the local authorities. Telko expects the Russian transaction to be completed during the first quarter of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved. In 2023  Telko’s net sales and profit will be significantly lower than in the previous year due to the changed situation in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. In other countries  demand is expected to remain moderate  even though there will be differences between businesses. The prices of plastics and chemicals decreased steeply during the latter half of 2022  while still being clearly above the long-term average. It is assumed that the most significant price corrections took place during 2022  but the prices are expected to decrease slightly during the first half if energy prices do not experience a considerable increase. In high added value products  on which Telko focuses in accordance with its strategy  price changes are typically more moderate. Significant changes in prices have a short-term impact on margins. Demand for lubricants is expected to remain stable  and prices are expected to increase at least during the first half of 2023. In western markets  demand will involve uncertainties during the next few months. Demand indices have decreased in the construction and automotive industries in Europe. High energy prices and inflation rates will affect demand during the next few months  in particular. At the end of the year  demand will  above all  be affected by the general development of purchasing power in Europe. The lifting of coronavirus restrictions in China is expected to increase local demand. In addition  higher demand in China may have an impact on global price development during the first part of the year. In Central Asia  demand is expected to remain relatively high. Sales in Ukraine will be lower during the first half than in the previous year  while they are expected to be at the 2022 level during the rest of the year  depending completely on the development of the war. Telko will continue its activities to improve its operational efficiency and scalability. Inflation causes general increases in costs. On the other hand  cargo expenses  especially in Asia  will be materially lower than in the previous year. The recent structural arrangements continued when Telko announced on January 31  2023  that it will acquire Eltrex  a Polish company specialized in the distribution of chemicals. According to its strategy  Telko continues to accelerate its growth through acquisitions in addition to organic growth.Leipurin Leipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four business units  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  Baltics  and East. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. The Leipurin segment’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. The Leipurin segment uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners. On April 22  2022  Aspo announced that Leipurin will withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. In January 2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell its subsidiaries in these countries to a private investor. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 41.3 31.7 30 130.6 113.1 15 Operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 19 -4.8 -2.4 100 Operating profit  % -10.4 -11.4 -3.7 -2.1 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -5.4 -4.3 -8.1 -4.3 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 3.3 1.9 74 Comparable operating profit  % 2.7 2.2 2.5 1.7 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 4.1 2.4 71 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 2.7 2.3 3.2 2.2Leipurin’s operations were still affected by the restrictions in eastern markets due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the high price inflation in global raw material markets  and challenges related to the availability of raw materials. Leipurin’s total net sales increased by 30% during the fourth quarter to EUR 41.3 (31.7) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 2.7 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy. The Finland business unit’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 12.2 (11.3) million. In the Baltics  net sales increased by 18% to EUR 10.0 (8.5) million. Net sales of the East business unit decreased by 32% to EUR 6.2 (9.1) million due to the reduced product range  consisting only of local procurement. The decrease in the net sales of the East business unit was also significantly affected by the decrease in operations in Ukraine down to roughly 9% from the comparative year’s level. Sweden was established as a new business unit as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  and it accounted for EUR 12.9 million and approximately 31% of Leipurin’s net sales in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 41% to EUR 28.6 (20.3) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 35% to EUR 4.2 (3.1) million. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets continued to have a significant impact on Leipurin’s sales during the fourth quarter. Measured in kilograms  the decrease in sales intensified in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics  whereas sales continued to be roughly half of the previous year’s level in the East business unit. The weak volume development is mainly driven by the decrease in consumers’ trust in the current market situation  in which energy costs and interest rates are especially rising steeply. The significant increase in living expenses continued in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics which reduced the inflation-adjusted sales volume of retail and strengthened the shift in consumers’ demand towards more affordable products. The positive development of profit margins continued  regardless of the negative trends in volumes. The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.3%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -5.4 (-4.3) million  included costs and impairment losses arising from the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan  and costs associated with the reorganization of Leipurin’s group operations. The comparability of the comparative period was affected by animpairment loss recognized on goodwill. Leipurin’s operating loss for the fourth quarter was EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million. Reversal of a fair value allocation of inventories amounting to EUR -0.5 million which arised from the acquisition of Kobia  had a negative impact on the operating profit. In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 130.6 (113.1) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 11.4 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy  which were EUR 7.1 million higher than in 2022  but the increase in raw material sales in western markets was particularly strong during the review period compared to the corresponding period in the previous year. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales. Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2022 was EUR 3.3 (1.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.7%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 4.1 (2.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.2% (2.2%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -8.1 (-4.3) million  were mainly related to the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the acquisition of Kobia  and the divestment of Vulganus. The reported operating profit was negative at EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million. Kobia’s impact on Leipurin’s operating profit was still negative due to the reversal of the EUR 0.5 million fair value allocation of inventories related to the acquisition. Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The loss arising from the divestment and the expenses related to it  totaling EUR -0.4 million  are reported under the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses. Leipurin acquired all shares in Kobia AB  a Swedish distributor in the bakery industry  from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia AB comprises Leipurin’s new Sweden business unit  and it has been included in Aspo Group’s figures since September 1  2022. Kobia’s annual net sales are approximately EUR 50 million  and its operating profit rate is roughly 3%. The acquisition strengthens Leipurin’s position as the leading company in the Baltic Sea region.Leipurin outlook for 2023 The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and results. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022. The divestment of the operations in the eastern markets still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Leipurin expects the transaction to be completed during the first half of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved. The expansion to Sweden through the acquisition of Kobia AB will increase Leipurin’s annual net sales by roughly EUR 50 million and produce considerable synergy benefits in the development of the product range  and in the supply chain and procurement. It also enables partners to be served in a larger geographic area. The integration of operations has progressed according to plans. Inflation and the rising energy prices  in particular  have a negative impact on demand for more expensive products  potentially presenting profitability challenges among the bakery segment’s customers. The decreased purchasing power may have a negative impact on demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers prefer more affordable products. The upward trend is expected to continue in the prices of main raw material categories  even though the rapid inflation during the review period is expected to decelerate considerably. This is expected to take place during the first half of 2023. Despite these challenges  Leipurin sees that the market will offer a highly stable environment in the long term and also opportunities for organic growth in selected market segments. In addition  the profitability program that was launched earlier develops the organization's ability to lead with information and helps to improve financial performance in particular. The program focuses both on selected growth clusters and on improving the efficiency of operations. This program is expected to contribute to improving Leipurin’s financial development. The impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic on the global supply chains  the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times will continue. The management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well at present. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers.Other operations Other operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. The comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.8 (-1.9) million during the fourth quarter. The reported operating profit of EUR -1.9 (-1.9) million includes EUR -0.1 million in restructuring expenses affecting comparability. The comparable operating profit for 2022 was EUR -6.0 (-7.9) million. The reported operating profit was EUR -6.7 (-7.9) million  including EUR -0.7 million in items affecting comparability that are mainly related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO and restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATION Aspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade. Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital. Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources. In January-December 2022  a total of 4 242 696 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 33.9 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  13.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.01 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 8.20. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 257.1 million. The company had 11 712 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 077 145 shares  or 3.43% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.Dividend proposal Aspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution  while leaving room for strategic investments. Aspo started to pay dividends twice a year in 2017. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 357 529 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release. The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date. Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Remuneration Share-based incentive plan 2022–2024 On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors. The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash. For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall. Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023 On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. In March 2022  based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid in cash to cover taxes. Share-based incentive plan 2020 In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal quantity will take place in 2023.Dividend Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022. At its meeting held on November 2  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second installment of dividends  EUR 0.22 per share  on the basis of the authorization provided at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend was paid on November 11  2022. The Board of Directors and the auditor At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members. In 2022  the Board of Directors arranged 21 meetings. The participation rate was 99%. The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. In 2022  99 400 share were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donations Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023. In 2022  donations of approximately EUR 55 000 were made. Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ Meeting The shareholders’ Nomination Board consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. According to the list of shareholders as of August 31  2022  the following representatives of the largest shareholders are members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: Roberto Lencioni  chair (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  chairman of Aspo’s Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board. The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023 that the Board of Directors will have seven members. The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31. The Nomination Board considers this to better support its activities  with the new date giving it more time to prepare proposals. Members of the Board of Directors The Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Aspo's long-time board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Mammu Kaario  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term. All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman. Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of Directors The Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the members of the Board of Directors be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):- members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month- Vice Chair: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month- Chair: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per month The Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATION Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Other operating income 1.1 0.2 3.3 0.5 Materials and services -109.8 -97.3 -402.9 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -14.1 -13.0 -54.4 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -6.9 -8.8 -19.9 -20.8 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -4.6 -3.8 -16.7 -13.7 Other operating expenses -33.2 -28.6 -118.9 -102.3 Operating profit -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Financial income and expenses 0.7 -1.0 -6.3 -3.9 Profit before taxes -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Income taxes -1.3 -2.1 -4.1 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit for the period -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 Discontinued operations -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Total -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet 12/2022 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 46.8 45.9 Tangible assets 178.4 168.9 Leased assets 15.9 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.5 1.7 Total non-current assets 242.6 237.2 Inventories 69.9 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 69.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 21.7 17.7 160.9 160.7 Assets held for sale 12.4 8.4 Total current assets 173.3 169.1 Total assets 415.9 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 121.7 107.4 Total equity 143.7 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 154.3 142.4 Lease liabilities 4.6 6.9 Other liabilities 7.6 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 166.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 17.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 11.7 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 72.3 79.3 101.8 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 6.8 Total current liabilities 105.7 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 415.9 406.3 Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 31.2 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 50.6 39.6 Change in working capital -6.7 -22.0 Interest paid -4.2 -4.4 Interest received 0.3 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.5 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 67.7 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -17.8 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -17.9 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -33.3 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -18.7 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -16.2 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.1 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities -16.5 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 17.8 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 Translation differences 0.0 0.9 Impairment loss on cash and cash equivalents -2.0 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 33.5 17.7 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.8 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 21.7 17.7 Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 25.3 25.3 Translation differences 2.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income 2.2 25.3 27.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.8 -1.8 Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions -11.6 -11.6 with owners Equity December 31  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.7 95.6 129.4Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited. Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication. Personnel At the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 886 (944) employees.Segment information Aspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.1 7.3 -4.8 -6.7 33.9 Net financial expenses -6.3 -6.3 Profit before taxes 27.6 1-12/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 26.8 20.4 -2.4 -7.9 36.9 Net financial expenses -3.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 33.0 Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 17.8 Investments 1-12/2021 15.3 0.5 0.1 15.9Green Coaster investment commitment AtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them will start operating in the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2022  it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared its option and ordered five additional vessels from the Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which AtoBatC has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors. Advance payments for the vessels to be sold further have been recognized in inventories. At the end of the financial year  inventories included EUR 10.2 million in advance payments for the Green Coaster vessels. ESL Shipping’s total investment comprises six vessels and roughly EUR 70 million. Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales. from continuing operations Telko net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 29.6 39.7 -25.4 136.9 146.7 -6.7 Chemicals business 15.9 23.4 -32.1 80.3 83.6 -3.9 Lubricants business 13.7 10.5 30.5 50.2 38.5 30.4 Telko total 59.2 73.6 -19.6 267.4 268.8 -0.5Leipurin net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Regions: Finland 12.2 11.3 8.0 46.6 40.4 15.3 Sweden 12.9 17.3 Baltics 10.0 8.5 18.0 36.8 30.6 20.4 East 6.2 9.1 -32.1 25.6 30.7 -16.7 Total 41.3 29.0 42.4 126.3 101.7 24.2 of which: Bakeries 28.6 20.3 40.8 87.9 73.2 20.1 Food Industry 4.2 3.1 34.5 14.2 11.0 28.8 Retail  foodservice  other 8.5 5.5 53.7 24.2 17.4 38.8 Machinery trading Russia 2.0 -100.0 0.0 7.3 -100.0 Vulganus 0.7 -100.0 4.3 4.1 4.9 Leipurin total 41.3 31.7 30.4 130.6 113.1 15.5Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.6 0.9 3.5 3.6 Over time 62.7 53.8 241.9 187.8 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko At a point in time 59.1 73.5 267.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.3 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 41.3 29.7 127.3 107.5 Over time 0.0 2.0 3.3 5.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total At a point in time 101.0 104.1 397.8 379.6 Over time 62.8 55.9 245.6 193.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales by market area 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.6 20.2 121.5 84.3 Scandinavia 11.9 17.4 58.5 54.1 Baltic countries 0.6 2.3 2.9 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.6 1.3 2.5 Other countries 18.2 14.2 61.2 47.0 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko Finland 13.7 12.4 53.5 47.6 Scandinavia 14.1 14.1 61.7 52.4 Baltic countries 7.6 5.0 28.2 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 15.4 34.0 91.3 117.3 Other countries 8.4 8.1 32.7 31.1 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.3 12.8 49.4 43.3 Scandinavia 12.6 0.7 17.4 2.9 Baltic countries 10.0 8.7 36.7 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.2 9.3 25.6 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.5 0.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total Finland 58.6 45.4 224.4 175.2 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 137.6 109.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16.0 67.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 118.2 155.2 Other countries 26.8 22.5 95.4 78.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3Acquisition of Kobia AB Leipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit rate was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transactions are significantly affected by market conditions. The purchase price of EUR 15.7 million was paid fully in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.7 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.4 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 2.2 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.1 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses. Acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 12/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.7 Total consideration 15.7 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value Intangible assets 0.8 Tangible assets 13.6 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.3 Total liabilities 8.9 Net assets acquired 15.6 Goodwill 0.1Acquisition of Johan Steenks Telko completed the acquisition of the operations of the Norwegian company Johan Steenks AS on October 3  2022. Johan Steenks is a distributor of technical plastic raw materials and additives for plastics  and it has an established customer base in the Norwegian markets and a number of well-known principals. The company’s annual net sales are roughly EUR 5 million. The business acquisition had no significant impact on Telko’s net sales or results during the final quarter of the year. The purchase price was approximately EUR 2.0 million  of which EUR 0.7 million were allocated to inventories and the remaining EUR 1.3 million were recognized as an increase in goodwill. The cash flow from the acquisition in 2022 was EUR -1.9 million.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale In October 17  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the Russian authorities. Telko’s company in Russia has been classified as held for sale since October 2022 when the preliminary agreement on the sale was signed. Telko’s company in Belarus has been classified as held for sale since December 2022 when the agreement on the sale was signed with the company’s acting management. Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan have been classified as held for sale since December 31  2022 when their divestment started to seem probable. A binding preliminary agreement on their sale was signed on January 17  2023 with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. The Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo and classified as held for sale in December 2021. Vulganus was sold to KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH  the leading manufacturer of bakery machines in Austria  on June 30  2022. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million   are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard  and its figures are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. Kauko Oy was sold to Signal Partners Oy on October 31  2022. Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Materials and services -0.6 -2.3 -6.9 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.2 -0.4 -1.5 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 0.0 -1.3 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 Other operating expenses -1.1 -0.4 -2.2 -1.2 Operating profit -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Profit before taxes -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 0.0 Profit for the period -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of the Kauko operating segment  to the extent that they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to the Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations for the financial year is EUR 0.3 (0.4) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. The profit from discontinued operations also includes the EUR -1.2 million loss on sale of Kauko Oy recognized during the fourth quarter. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter of 2021. Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.6 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -1.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -3.2 -1.2 Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. The cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy in 2022 was EUR -1.0 million  and it is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The costs to sell of EUR -0.4 million are included in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consists of repayments of interest-bearing loans. Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 5.5 Other assets held for sale 12.4 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 3.9 6.8 On the balance sheet  the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period have not been restated. In 2022  assets and liabilities classified as held for sale included the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale in eastern markets. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the companies held for sale  excluding internal assets and liabilities that have been eliminated. In 2021  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations included the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale at the end of 2021 consisted of Vulganus Oy’s assets and liabilities. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended on December 1  2021  for Kauko and Vulganus when they were classified as held for sale. The depreciation and amortization expense was recognized as part of sales losses in conjunction with the divestment of the companies. Telko Russia was classified as held for sale on October 31  2022  and the other companies held for sale in eastern markets on December 31  2022. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended at the time of the classification as held for sale. At the time of classification as held for sale  the net assets of the companies in eastern markets were measured at fair value less cost to sell  which was lower than the carrying amount. As a result  an impairment loss of EUR 9.4 million was recognized in the Telko segment and EUR 5.2 million in the Leipurin segment during the fourth quarter  which are reported as part of the Telko and Leipurin segments’ figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations. Impairment losses in income statement 2022 Telko Leipurin Total MEUR MEUR MEUR Impairment losses  tangible and intangible assets 0.6 1.1 1.7 Impairment losses  leased assets 0.8 0.1 0.9 Materials and services 4.8 2.4 7.2 Other operating expenses 3.1 1.4 4.5 Income taxes 0.0 0.2 0.3 Total 9.4 5.2 14.6 The impairment losses recognized on the assets of the companies in eastern markets were mainly allocated to inventories  accounts receivable  and cash and cash equivalents. In addition  an impairment loss was recognized on goodwill  determined in based on the ratio between the fair values of the divested companies and the segment.Restricted cash and cash equivalents In Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 13.5 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group is EUR 11.5 million  as an impairment loss of EUR 2.0 million was recognized on the cash and cash equivalents in conjunction with the IFRS 5 classification of the companies in Russia. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. It was still possible to pay dividends and make commercial payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. According to our understanding  the purchase prices of the operations held for sale in eastern markets can be transferred in conjunction with their sale. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  which is why they must be considered restricted cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7. Events after the review period On January 17  2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell all shares in its subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan to Timur Akhiyarov. Russian-born Akhiyarov will invest in Leipurin’s operations in eastern markets as a private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. Rights to Leipurin’s name and trademarks are not included in the transaction. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. The Belarusian subsidiaries of Telko and Leipurin have been added to the list of companies whose transfer of shares are prohibited by a decision issued by the Council of Ministers of Belarus at the end of January 2023. Because of this  it is deemed unlikely that the sale of Telko's Belarusian business would proceed. This does not change Aspo Group's previously published assessment of the financial effects of the divestment. Leipurin’s Belarusian subsidiary is part of an agreement according to which the share capitals of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan would be sold to the same buyer. The decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus does not change the previously published assessment of the financial effects of the transaction  nor does it prevent the sale of Leipurin’s Russian and Kazakh subsidiaries. On January 31  Telko acquired a Polish distribution company Eltrex. Eltrex is a distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  and its annual net sales are approximately 8 million euros and operating profit slightly under one million euros. On February 9  2023  Leipurin completed a sale and lease back agreement for its warehouse property in Gothenburg  Sweden. The property came into Leipurin’s ownership via the Kobia acquisition that took place on 1 September 2022. The buyer of the property is Revelop  a Swedish real estate investor. As a result of the sale and lease back transaction  Aspo recognizes a sales gain of approximately EUR 0.4 million. According to the terms of the agreement  Leipurin leases the property for five years. The transaction is close to cost neutral  as the depreciation expense of the assets owned will be replaced by depreciation and interest expense for the leased assets of similar size. Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on February 15  2023 at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing johanna.ahtiainen@aspo.com. The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the conference. The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/full_year_result_2022. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009756. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 900 professionals. Attachment Aspo Financial Statement Release 2022© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about ASPO OYJ 02/15 Aspo Oyj : Q4 2022 - Presentation PU 02/15 Transcript : Aspo Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 15  2023 CI 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan GL 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan AQ 02/15 Correction : Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 GL 02/15 Correction : Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 GL 02/15 Aspo Plc Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Proposes Second Dividend Distribution  Payable on November 2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Proposes Dividend for the Year 2022  Payable on April 17  2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Announces Stepdown of Mammu Kaari From Board Member and Chairman of the Audit .. CI Financials EUR USD Sales 2022 636 M 679 M 679 M Net income 2022 27 9 M 29 7 M 29 7 M Net Debt 2022 147 M 156 M 156 M P/E ratio 2022 10 8x Yield 2022 5 52% Capitalization 263 M 281 M 281 M EV / Sales 2022 0 64x EV / Sales 2023 0 65x Nbr of Employees 936 Free-Float 59 1% Chart ASPO OYJ Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends ASPO OYJ Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bullish Neutral Bullish Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus OUTPERFORM Number of Analysts 2 Last Close Price 8 39 € Average target price 9 80 € Spread / Average Target 16 8% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Rolf Jansson Chief Executive Officer Arto Juhani Meitsalo Chief Financial Officer Heikki Seppo Westerlund Chairman Mammu Marja Liisa Kaario Deputy Chairman Mikael Laine Independent Director Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) ASPO OYJ 2.32% 281 AIR LIQUIDE 10.11% 81 240 SAUDI BASIC INDUSTRIES CORPORATION 5.82% 75 646 WANHUA CHEMICAL GROUP CO.  LTD. 7.30% 45 559 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 20.57% 32 598 GANFENG LITHIUM GROUP CO.  LTD. 10.32% 21 463,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.23,0.43,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'strong financial performance', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'January', 'December', '2022', 'GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary', 'Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Aspo Oyj News Summary', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'key employee incentive plan', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'strong financial performance', 'Homepage Equities Finland', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'multiple email addresses', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Free cash flow', 'increasing dividend distribution', 'Other operations', '2022 financial year', 'Net cash', 'Key figures', 'operating activities', 'Aspo Plc', 'total Aspo', 'Report Report', 'net sales', 'previous year', 'ESL Shipping', 'continuing operations', 'later date', 'More information', 'discontinued operations', 'Dividend proposal', 'First name', 'corresponding period', 'maximum amount', '2022 Earnings Call', 'list', 'EST', 'Presentation', 'Transcript', 'Feb', 'Board', 'Directors', 'January', 'December', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'brackets', 'level', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'Guidance', 'payment', 'dividends', 'aim', 'annually', 'April', 'addition', 'EUR', 'section', 'taxes', 'EPS', '9:30', '2023']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18499,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPO-OYJ-1412432/news/Correction-Aspo-Group-financial-statement-release-January-1-ndash-December-31-2022-42989923/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022,(marketscreener.com)  Aspo Plc Inside information               February 15  2023  at 10:50 am Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Aspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on February 15  2023  at 9…,Homepage Equities Finland Nasdaq Helsinki Aspo Oyj News Summary ASPO FI0009008072 ASPO OYJ (ASPO) Add to my list Report Report Delayed Nasdaq Helsinki - 11:29:59 2023-02-16 am EST 8.350 EUR -0.48% 02/15 Aspo Oyj : Q4 2022 - Presentation PU 02/15 Transcript : Aspo Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 15  2023 CI 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 02/15/2023 | 03:51am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Aspo PlcInside informationFebruary 15  2023  at 10:50 am Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Aspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on February 15  2023  at 9:30 a.m. In the original stock exchange release  guidance for 2023 was incorrectly commented on in the CEO’s review. Guidance for 2023 was correct in the section reserved for it and is as follows: Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023. Below the corrected release in its entirety.Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets. October–December 2022  Group total Aspo’s net sales remained at the previous year’s level  being EUR 164.6 (163.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 (13.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 6.9% (8.5%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.6 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.7) million.Items affecting the comparability of the operating profit totaled EUR -16.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR -3.7 (8.7) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was -2.3% (5.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.2 (9.8) million  Telko EUR -7.7 (4.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million.Earnings per share were EUR -0.21 (0.17).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 22.0 (10.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 16.5 (4.1) million.January–December 2022  Group total Aspo’s net sales increased by 11% to EUR 652.6 (586.4) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 55.3 (42.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 20.8 (21.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.3 (1.9) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -24.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR 33.9 (36.9) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.3% (6.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 38.1 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 7.3 (20.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million.Earnings per share were EUR 0.61 (0.76).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million.Guidance for 2023 Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the payment of dividendsAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date. Therefore  a maximum of EUR 0.46 (0.45) would be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year.More information about the proposed dividend distribution is available under section “Dividend proposal”. Key figures 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 38.1 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 7.3 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 -4.8 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -1.9 -1.9 -6.7 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % -2.3 5.4 5.3 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 22.0 10.7 67.7 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR 16.5 4.1 34.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 15.2 20.8 Equity ratio  % 34.7 32.0 Gearing  % 108.4 131.0 Equity per share  EUR 4.58 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2022:In the light of financial figures  2022 was a success and in many ways record-breaking. Aspo Group’s net sales increased to EUR 652.6 million  up by roughly 11% from the previous year. The comparable operating profit for 2022 increased to a record EUR 55.3 million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 8.5%. Both the increase in net sales and our comparable operating profit exceeded the financial targets set for the Group. Aspo’s net sales in October–December stood at EUR 164.6 million  and the comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 million. ESL Shipping especially supported the positive development of net sales and operating profit  with its record-breaking fourth quarter crowning its overall excellent year. The strong growth of Leipurin’s net sales during the fourth quarter was supported not only by high inflation rates  but also by the acquisition of the Swedish company Kobia AB at the beginning of September. Telko’s comparable operating profit in October–December was below the normal level which was due to the direct and reflected effects of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Eastern trade. Apart from the eastern markets  Telko’s net sales developed positively. The year 2022 turned out to be highly different from what we still assumed at the beginning of the year. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine dramatically changed the lives of many of our employees  and our entire operating environment changed drastically. Already in spring  we decided to withdraw from all our operations in Russia and from other selected eastern markets. The prerequisites for responsible business had vanished  and it became clear that we would set our sights even more firmly on western markets in accordance with our strategy updated at the end of 2021. We will continue to operate in Ukraine  and we want to support its development and do our part to help rebuild the country. In summer  we divested Leipurin’s machinery business Vulganus  and at the end of October  the divestment of Kauko was finalized. At the same time  we focused on developing our key businesses through acquisitions according to our compounder strategy  of which the acquisition of Kobia by Leipurin and Telko’s recent acquisitions were the most significant. During the year  we also made strategic investments  the most important of which was ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in new Green Coaster vessels using a pooling arrangement. We are heading to 2023 from a good position  and we will continue the determined implementation of our strategy. I believe that we can generate strong cash flow even in this challenging market environment and  in accordance with our financial guidance  we expect Aspo’s comparable operating profit to be higher than EUR 35 million in 2023. We continue to boost organic growth through strategic acquisitions. Thanks for Aspo’s excellent results in 2022 go to our entire personnel. I am particularly pleased and grateful for the dedication our personnel showed in supporting our colleagues in areas ravaged by the war and in ensuring their safety.ASPO GROUP Financial results and targets Aspo’s financial targets announced on December 1  2021: Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130% With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%. In 2022  the Group’s targets were reached well overall. Aspo Group’s operating profit increased by 11%. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%)  clearly exceeding the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained at the level of 15.2% (20.8%) due to the items affecting comparability of EUR -24.1 million that mainly consisted of additional costs and impairment losses arising from Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  and whose negative impact on return on equity was roughly 15.6 percentage points. Aspo’s gearing decreased to 108.4% (131.0%)  well below the target level.Aspo Group’s comparable result for continuing and discontinued operations Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These include impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. In December 2021  Aspo announced that Kauko operating segment was defined not being part of Aspo’s core operations  and Kauko was classified as a discontinued operation. On October 31  2022  Kauko was divested outside the Group  and its accumulated earnings until that date and the divestment loss are presented in the profit from discontinued operations  separate from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. However  Kauko’s results are included in Aspo Group’s total figures and comparable operating profit. Telko’s companies in Russia and Belarus  and Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan are classified as held for sale in the 2022 financial statements (eastern businesses held for sale below). The results of the eastern businesses held for sale are reported as part of Telko and Leipurin  as well as Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The assets and liabilities of the eastern businesses held for sale are presented on the balance sheet separately as assets and liabilities held for sale. When the eastern businesses were classified as held for sale  they were measured at fair value less cost to sell  resulting in the recognition of impairment losses totaling EUR 14.5 million in the fourth quarter  reported as items affecting comparability. On divestment  the recognition of the translation differences of the eastern businesses as part of sales losses as well as a possible change the fair value of the eastern businesses compared with the estimates made in the financial statements will also have a negative impact on the operating profit. On the closing date  the amount of the translation differences of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR -11.8 million. The amount fluctuates according to changes in exchange rates until the date of sale. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the result for the period has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity. Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Operating profit  Group total -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % -2.9 5.4 4.8 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 10 2 9 8 38 1 26 8 Telko  operating profit -7 7 4 4 7 3 20 4 Leipurin  operating profit -4 3 -3 6 -4 8 -2 4 Other operations  operating profit -1 9 -1 9 -6 7 -7 9 Operating profit from continuing operations -3 7 8 7 33 9 36 9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1 1 0 1 -2 7 -3 0 Operating profit  Group total -4 8 8 8 31 2 33 9 Items affecting comparability*) -16 1 -5 1 -24 1 -8 5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11 3 13 9 55 3 42 4*) Items affecting comparability  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Kauko Total Shipping operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Impairment losses -9 3 -5 0 -1 3 -15 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 8 -1 1 -0 6 -2 5 Divestment losses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -2 0 Total 0 7 -13 5 -8 1 -0 7 -2 5 -24 1 In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million  and they are reported in the profit from discontinued operations. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million. Of the items affecting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -16.1 million  EUR -14.3 million were related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences. Of the items  EUR -0.4 million were recognized for the ESL Shipping segment  EUR -9.0 for Telko  and EUR -5.0 million for Leipurin. Items affecting comparability relating to reorganizations were EUR -0.4 million in the Leipurin segment and EUR -0.1 million in other operations. In addition  Kauko’s sales loss of EUR -1.2 million is included in the items affecting comparability and reported as part of the results of discontinued operations. Items affecting the comparability in 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.Sustainability Sustainability is a material factor which guides Aspo’s management system and especially the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be pioneers in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) goals for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2e (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) is 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping invests in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is significant in terms of monetary value  but above all  it helps the shipping company move towards its emissions target. During the past 12 months  emission intensity improved further to 0.33 (0.42)  driven by the increase in net sales and operational efficiency. Another key goal was a higher level of safety  with the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) being 8.1 (8.8) during the past 12 months. Even though TRIF improved from the previous year  we did not reach the target of 7.0 set for 2022. Aspo regularly assesses the satisfaction of employees with their own tasks  the quality of management  and Aspo as an employer by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. In 2021  Aspo started to use the People Power index  a new method of measuring job satisfaction  and it was also included in the Group’s sustainability goals. The operating environment remained fairly challenging in all businesses  and job satisfaction decreased slightly  while still being high: the Group achieved the rating of AA in 2022 (2021: AA+). However  the targeted level of AA+ was not achieved unlike in 2021. Aspo’s internal Compliance and Code of Conduct training includes anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. Aspo’s goal is that all of the Group’s personnel complete the training every year. In 2022  approximately 100% (89%) of the Group’s employees completed Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (88%) completed Compliance training.Operating environment and the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo’s operations Aspo’s operating environment changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The invasion has caused considerable general uncertainties in markets  higher interest rates  lower trust among consumers  price inflation  higher energy prices in particular  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates. Significantly suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The considerable damage to the energy distribution infrastructure in Ukraine made the situation even worse during the second half of 2022. The war drastically reduces operating conditions in eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  and selected values in particular. Aspo’s decision to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets  combined with the sanctions related to the war  has also reshaped Aspo’s logistics flows and operating models. ESL Shipping’s all operations have been suspended in Russia  and the released vessel capacity has been transferred to other operating areas. Telko has signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. At the end of 2022  Telko also signed a binding preliminary agreement on the sale of its subsidiary in Belarus to a member of its current management. A binding preliminary agreement was also signed with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor  after the end of the financial year on the sale of Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan stood at EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 4% of Aspo Group’s net sales. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus stood at EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 9% of Aspo Group’s net sales. The consolidated net sales of Telko and Leipurin in these countries accounted for roughly 13% of Aspo Group’s net sales in 2022 (16% of net sales in 2021). The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent the transportation of goods and the transfer of payments which has reduced the net sales and profitability of the operations in Russia. In addition  decreases in the companies’ operations and personnel have reduced Russia’s role in Aspo’s business operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight. The equity of the group companies in Russia is EUR 20.5 (16.6) million  comprising 14.3% (12.8%) of Aspo Group’s total equity. In Aspo Group  EUR 12.2 million in impairment losses associated with the equity of Russian companies have been recognized in the financial statements. Aspo’s assets in Russia mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents  inventories and accounts receivable. The number of employees in Aspo Group’s companies in Russia is decreasing  being 105 (193) at the end of the year. Rising interest and inflation rates  as well as weaker general economic estimates  have affected consumers’ purchasing behavior  for example  so that consumers have shifted from more expensive to more affordable products. While the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the news  it still has an impact on Aspo’s operating environment. For example  the global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on certain Aspo’s businesses  decelerating sales and the completion of orders. The markets are also characterized by disruptions in logistics flows and the low availability of certain products. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations especially among ESL Shipping’s crew members. Net sales by market area  continuing operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Share 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 58.6 45.4 35.8 224.4 175.2 34.9 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 23.6 137.6 109.4 21.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16 11.1 67.8 54.8 10.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 13.2 118.2 155.2 18.4 Other countries 26.8 22.5 16.3 95.4 78.7 14.8 Total 163.8 160 100 643.4 573.3 100 During 2022  Aspo has reported its net sales by market area with the following division: Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The eastern markets’ share of total net sales continued to decrease during the fourth quarter of 2022  mainly due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and decisions to downsize operations in Russia and withdraw from the market as planned. As a result of the withdrawal from Russia  the division of Aspo’s main market areas will change at the beginning of 2023. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will direct its growth investments at western markets  and the eastern markets’ share of Aspo’s total net sales already decreased to 13.2% in the fourth quarter.Cash flow and financing The Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–December was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. The cash flow of all businesses showed positive development during the year. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -6.7 (-22.0) million. The increase in working capital mainly comes from the advance payments for the vessels to be built in the ESL Shipping segment’s vessel pool and the customer receivables accumulated through high sales at the end of the year. This was partly compensated by the Telko segment’s working capital  which improved towards the year end. The free cash flow in January–December was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million. The amount of investments of EUR -17.8 (-15.9) million mainly included the ESL Shipping segment’s dockages and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the cash flow from investing activities includes EUR -17.9 million cash outflow on the acquisitions of Kobia  Mentum and Johan Steenks and a total of EUR 2.8 million in cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus as the most significant items.12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 189.2 187.3 Cash and cash equivalents 33.5 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 155.7 169.6 Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 155.7 (169.6) million and gearing fell to 108.4% (131.0%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.7% (32.0%). The balance sheet strengthened as a result of improved profitability and the new hybrid instrument issued in June. Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -6.3 (-3.9) million. Exchange rate changes  especially the strengthened value of the Russian ruble  increased financial expenses by EUR 1.6 million from the previous year. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 3.3% (1.4%). The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 33.5 (17.7) at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 11.8 million. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained wholly unused (5). During 2022  Aspo extended its maturity structure for interest-bearing loans. In September  AtoBatC AB signed an EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan’s maturity is 15 years  and it has not yet been withdrawn. The loan  together with the ten-year loan agreement of EUR 20 million singed in June with the Nordic Investment Bank  of which EUR 19.6 million have been withdrawn  finances ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The project was launched in September 2021. In addition  Aspo restructured a bilateral bank loan of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new bilateral revolving credit facility which will mature in 2025. The loan agreement also includes two options for a one-year extension. In June  Aspo issued a new EUR 30 million hybrid instrument  with a coupon rate of 8.75% per annum. The hybrid instrument has no maturity  but the company may exercise an early redemption option in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s earlier hybrid instrument of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operations Aspo and its subsidiaries are exposed to various risks and uncertainties  which are mainly identified and managed in Aspo's businesses. The most important risks and preparedness for them are summarized and reported to Aspo's Board of Directors through Aspo's Audit Committee. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causes significant geopolitical uncertainties. It affects the general economic environment  including inflation  energy and raw material prices  interest rates  and consumers’ trust. The ongoing process to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets will change the Group’s structure significantly and will affect the revenue model of Aspo’s businesses in the long term. There are risks that the withdrawal from the selected markets causes additional costs or losses  and that funds cannot be transferred from the markets or that the withdrawal is unsuccessful in full or in part. It is also possible that the official approvals required for the withdrawal from the markets are not obtained for example due to changes is legislation or that they are at risk or fail for some other reason. Financial activities and the prevailing geopolitical uncertainties have caused the prices of many raw materials  components and logistics services to rise rapidly. While Aspo may benefit from the price increases temporarily  the prices of raw materials or rental capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disruptions in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes are also increasing risks. The rapid increase in inflation has generally caused pressure for salary increases  which in Finland can lead to labor disputes  which can also negatively affect Aspo's businesses. International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may also affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. The geopolitical tensions may escalate and cause a direct adverse impact on business operations  put payments at risk and even suspend business operations. If escalated  cyber incidents and disruptions in information systems may cause damage to business operations. In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its steady profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary deterioration in the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial resources and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability. The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on Aspo’s operations has been limited at the group level  even though it has been significant in the Leipurin segment. The current and any new coronavirus variants and their rapid spread may suspend business operations and cause financial losses through stoppages in global logistics chains  among other factors. Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS ESL Shipping ESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 41 vessels with a total capacity of 425 000 deadweight tonnage (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (80% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 16 vessels (18%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 63.3 54.7 16 245.4 191.4 28 Operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 4 38.1 26.8 42 Operating profit  % 16.1 17.9 15.5 14.0 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.4 0.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 10.6 9.8 8 37.4 26.8 40 Comparable operating profit  % 16.7 17.9 15.2 14.0 The fourth quarter of 2022 marked the best quarter in ESL Shipping’s history measured by the operating profit. Net sales increased by 16% from the previous year to EUR 63.3 (54.7) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter increased by 8% to record-breaking EUR 10.6 (9.8) million. The operating profit of EUR 10.2 (9.8) million includes EUR -0.4 million in expenses associated with suspended operations in Russia. High demand in the shipping company’s main market areas  the shipping company’s long-term partnership strategy and the successful operations of the onshore and offshore personnel enabled the excellent results. Weather conditions were also favorable for operations. The comparable operating profit rate of 16.7% (17.9%) achieved during the fourth quarter was once again excellent. During the quarter  the prices of diesel and liquefied natural gas (LNG) used as ship fuels decreased from the previous quarter  while remaining roughly twice as high as in the comparative period. The high level of fuel surcharges increased net sales and reduced the operating profit rate  which is used as an indicator of relative profitability. During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The volume development was based on the transfer of raw material deliveries away from Russia which has extended transportation distances especially for energy coal. The final quarter is also normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation involving the security of supply  the low availability of biofuels and longer transportation distances  the percentage of energy coal from all transportation operations tripled during the fourth quarter from the comparative period. The profitability of all the shipping company’s vessel categories was excellent during the fourth quarter. In fourth quarter  production plants of several contractual customers underwent relatively large maintenance stoppages and restricted production due to lower demand and high energy costs. High demand experienced in the energy industry enabled the vessels to continue to operate at full capacity during the fourth quarter. The spot cargo market decreased in all customer segments and vessel categories during the quarter. After operations in Russia were suspended  demand for ESL Shipping’s loading and unloading operations for vessels at sea shifted to the southern Baltic Sea where it was maintained by the high demand for energy coal transportation during the fourth quarter and congestion at ports suitable for large ocean liners. Six time-chartered vessels of the smaller vessel category were redelivered to their owners as the charter agreements ended at the end of the fourth quarter and as the price of an extended charter period became too high. The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB    at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. The first four new vessels are already under construction  and the first vessel is to be delivered during fall 2023. One larger vessel was docked for seven days during the fourth quarter and one smaller vessel was out of service for 26 days. In 2022  dockage days totaled 141 (229). The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December increased from the comparative period by 28% to EUR 245.4 (191.4) million. The comparable operating profit was the highest in the company’s history at EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 15.2% (14.0%). The operating profit rate clearly exceeded the long-term target of 14%. Comparability was affected by the gain from the sale of the barge Espa and costs associated with the suspended operations in Russia. Their impact on net results was EUR 0.7 million and  as a result  ESL Shipping’s operating profit amounted to EUR 38.1 (26.8) million and its operating profit rate was 15.5% (14.0%) for 2022 as a whole. The shipping company’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The aim is to halve carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. During 2022  ESL Shipping transported 14.7 (14.8) million tons of cargo  and its vessels consumed 819 988 (898 158) MWh of energy. CO2 emissions per transported ton decreased by 7.5% to 0.015 (0.016) tons of carbon dioxide per ton of cargo. The new energy-efficient operating models applied to port visits supported the positive development.ESL Shipping outlook for 2023 General macroeconomic uncertainties have increased in ESL Shipping’s main market areas. Higher inflation and slower economic growth increase demand and pricing pressure among the shipping company’s main customers. Finland’s labor market may experience unrest during the spring  and its impact through overtime bans and strikes may be significant on key customers and especially on the effectiveness of the transport chain. Global demand estimates in sea transportation markets and price levels of spot markets have decreased considerably from the previous year. On the other hand  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for round-the-year operations in the Baltic Sea is limited. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main customers is expected to be satisfactory  albeit slightly lower than in the previous year. Demand for energy deliveries outside Finland is expected to remain high during the first half of the year. In the forest industry  pulp delivery volumes are looking positive  but only satisfactory for sawn goods. Volumes are looking satisfactory in the steel industry. Now that deliveries of Russian raw materials have stopped  certain of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers are forced to seek new suppliers for part of their production input required in new geographic areas. Not all of these procurement routes have yet become stabilized which may cause an imbalance in ESL Shipping’s operations. The role of energy coal transportation is expected to decrease significantly when the preparation situation returns to normal and demand shifts towards other energy forms. The majority of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the Supramax vessels. Currently  the expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels do not meet the realities in the shipping company’s main market areas which may cause further uncertainties in the availability of a suitable and sufficient tonnage. The impact of rising energy prices on ESL Shipping’s costs is compensated effectively through fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements. Surveys show that ESL Shipping’s customer satisfaction is at an excellent level  similarly to the personnel’s commitment and job satisfaction. Activities to further improve customer and employee satisfaction  sustainability and occupational safety will continue. The shipping company’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping will continue the development of a fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in line with the green transition and the vessels designed for it in cooperation with its key customers. The shipping company is participating in projects aimed to produce green hydrogen through renewable electricity and to further process it as fossil-free fuel for the shipping company’s vessels. During 2023  four larger and two smaller vessels will be docked for a total of approximately 100 days. Telko Telko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China. In October 2022  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. In December  Telko finalized the preliminary agreement to divest its subsidiary in Belarus  to a member of its current management. Both business transactions still need to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 59.2 73.6 -20 267.4 268.8 -1 Operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 -275 7.3 20.4 -64 Operating profit  % -13.0 6.0 2.7 7.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -9.0 -0.8 -13.5 -0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 5.2 -75 20.8 21.2 -2 Comparable operating profit  % 2.2 7.1 7.8 7.9 During the fourth quarter  Telko’s net sales decreased steeply to EUR 59.2 (73.6) million. Telko’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased after sales in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine dropped substantially from the previous year. Telko’s net sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased. Demand remained stable in Telko’s all business operations. The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and the operating profit rate was 2.2% (7.1%). Net sales and operating profit decreased from the previous year  especially due to weak development and negative results in Russia. Telko’s result for the fourth quarter includes items affecting comparability  which reduced Telko’s operating profit by EUR 9.0 million in total. Impairment losses regarding companies in Russia and Belarus of EUR 9.3 million and other expenses of EUR 0.2 million were recognized relating to the withdrawal from Russia. In addition  the credit loss provision recognized from accounts receivable in Ukraine was reversed by EUR 0.5 million. The combined comparable operating profit of the above countries was slightly negative during the fourth quarter. Telko’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR -7.7 (4.4) million. The operating profit rate was -13.0% (6.0%). Impairment losses associated with inventories  exchange rate losses  and costs related to corporate restructuring also had a negative impact on the operating profit. The net sales of the plastics business decreased by 25% during the fourth quarter to EUR 29.6 (39.7) million  mainly due to the decrease in Telko’s operations in Russia. In Telko’s European markets  demand for plastic polymers remained at a normal level in general. Sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased slightly  regardless of the downward trend in prices. While the steep decline in the prices of volume plastics turned to an increase during the fourth quarter  the prices are still lower than during the corresponding period in the previous year. The prices of technical plastics decreased slightly during the fourth quarter but were clearly above the comparative period’s level. The acquisition of the operations of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of technical plastic raw materials and plastics  increased the net sales of the plastics business during the fourth quarter  while it had no significant impact on results. During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 32% to EUR 15.9 (23.4) million. Sales decreased steeply in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. The weak development especially in Ukraine resulted from the disruptions in the electricity distribution infrastructure due to the war which directly limited production. Total sales in other countries increased significantly  regardless of the decrease in prices. Prices started to increase during the fourth quarter. Telko’s chemicals business is divided between several customer groups which evens out any fluctuations in demand. During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the lubricants business increased by 31% to EUR 13.7 (10.5) million. Sales increased in all key product groups. The increase in sales resulted from high price levels  the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021  and very positively developed sales of industrial lubricants. Prices of lubricants increased slightly during the fourth quarter. Russia’s invasion in Ukraine did not have any direct impact on the lubricants business. Telko’s net sales in January–December decreased by 1% to EUR 267.4 (268.8) million. The full-year comparable operating profit of EUR 20.8 million was only slightly lower than the previous year’s record-high comparable operating profit (21.2). The comparable operating profit rate remained high at 7.8% (7.9%). Exchange rate losses of EUR 2.5 million reduced the operating profit. Telko’s full-year operating profit fell by 64% to EUR 7.3 (20.4) million. The operating profit rate was 2.7% (7.6%). Results decreased due to the warehouse destroyed in Ukraine  the impairment losses associated with companies in Russia and Belarus  and other costs arising from the withdrawal from Russia  which totaled EUR -13.5 million and have been reported as items affecting comparability.Telko outlook for 2023 As announced previously  Telko has agreed to divest its operations in Russia and Belarus. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus were EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022. Both sales transactions require approval by the local authorities. Telko expects the Russian transaction to be completed during the first quarter of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved. In 2023  Telko’s net sales and profit will be significantly lower than in the previous year due to the changed situation in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. In other countries  demand is expected to remain moderate  even though there will be differences between businesses. The prices of plastics and chemicals decreased steeply during the latter half of 2022  while still being clearly above the long-term average. It is assumed that the most significant price corrections took place during 2022  but the prices are expected to decrease slightly during the first half if energy prices do not experience a considerable increase. In high added value products  on which Telko focuses in accordance with its strategy  price changes are typically more moderate. Significant changes in prices have a short-term impact on margins. Demand for lubricants is expected to remain stable  and prices are expected to increase at least during the first half of 2023. In western markets  demand will involve uncertainties during the next few months. Demand indices have decreased in the construction and automotive industries in Europe. High energy prices and inflation rates will affect demand during the next few months  in particular. At the end of the year  demand will  above all  be affected by the general development of purchasing power in Europe. The lifting of coronavirus restrictions in China is expected to increase local demand. In addition  higher demand in China may have an impact on global price development during the first part of the year. In Central Asia  demand is expected to remain relatively high. Sales in Ukraine will be lower during the first half than in the previous year  while they are expected to be at the 2022 level during the rest of the year  depending completely on the development of the war. Telko will continue its activities to improve its operational efficiency and scalability. Inflation causes general increases in costs. On the other hand  cargo expenses  especially in Asia  will be materially lower than in the previous year. The recent structural arrangements continued when Telko announced on January 31  2023  that it will acquire Eltrex  a Polish company specialized in the distribution of chemicals. According to its strategy  Telko continues to accelerate its growth through acquisitions in addition to organic growth. Leipurin Leipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four business units  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  Baltics  and East. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. The Leipurin segment’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. The Leipurin segment uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners. On April 22  2022  Aspo announced that Leipurin will withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. In January 2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell its subsidiaries in these countries to a private investor. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 41.3 31.7 30 130.6 113.1 15 Operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 19 -4.8 -2.4 100 Operating profit  % -10.4 -11.4 -3.7 -2.1 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -5.4 -4.3 -8.1 -4.3 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 3.3 1.9 74 Comparable operating profit  % 2.7 2.2 2.5 1.7 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 4.1 2.4 71 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 2.7 2.3 3.2 2.2Leipurin’s operations were still affected by the restrictions in eastern markets due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the high price inflation in global raw material markets  and challenges related to the availability of raw materials. Leipurin’s total net sales increased by 30% during the fourth quarter to EUR 41.3 (31.7) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 2.7 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy. The Finland business unit’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 12.2 (11.3) million. In the Baltics  net sales increased by 18% to EUR 10.0 (8.5) million. Net sales of the East business unit decreased by 32% to EUR 6.2 (9.1) million due to the reduced product range  consisting only of local procurement. The decrease in the net sales of the East business unit was also significantly affected by the decrease in operations in Ukraine down to roughly 9% from the comparative year’s level. Sweden was established as a new business unit as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  and it accounted for EUR 12.9 million and approximately 31% of Leipurin’s net sales in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 41% to EUR 28.6 (20.3) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 35% to EUR 4.2 (3.1) million. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets continued to have a significant impact on Leipurin’s sales during the fourth quarter. Measured in kilograms  the decrease in sales intensified in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics  whereas sales continued to be roughly half of the previous year’s level in the East business unit. The weak volume development is mainly driven by the decrease in consumers’ trust in the current market situation  in which energy costs and interest rates are especially rising steeply. The significant increase in living expenses continued in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics which reduced the inflation-adjusted sales volume of retail and strengthened the shift in consumers’ demand towards more affordable products. The positive development of profit margins continued  regardless of the negative trends in volumes. The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.3%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -5.4 (-4.3) million  included costs and impairment losses arising from the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan  and costs associated with the reorganization of Leipurin’s group operations. The comparability of the comparative period was affected by animpairment loss recognized on goodwill. Leipurin’s operating loss for the fourth quarter was EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million. Reversal of a fair value allocation of inventories amounting to EUR -0.5 million which arised from the acquisition of Kobia  had a negative impact on the operating profit. In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 130.6 (113.1) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 11.4 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy  which were EUR 7.1 million higher than in 2022  but the increase in raw material sales in western markets was particularly strong during the review period compared to the corresponding period in the previous year. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales. Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2022 was EUR 3.3 (1.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.7%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 4.1 (2.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.2% (2.2%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -8.1 (-4.3) million  were mainly related to the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the acquisition of Kobia  and the divestment of Vulganus. The reported operating profit was negative at EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million. Kobia’s impact on Leipurin’s operating profit was still negative due to the reversal of the EUR 0.5 million fair value allocation of inventories related to the acquisition. Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The loss arising from the divestment and the expenses related to it  totaling EUR -0.4 million  are reported under the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses. Leipurin acquired all shares in Kobia AB  a Swedish distributor in the bakery industry  from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia AB comprises Leipurin’s new Sweden business unit  and it has been included in Aspo Group’s figures since September 1  2022. Kobia’s annual net sales are approximately EUR 50 million  and its operating profit rate is roughly 3%. The acquisition strengthens Leipurin’s position as the leading company in the Baltic Sea region. Leipurin outlook for 2023 The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and results. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022. The divestment of the operations in the eastern markets still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Leipurin expects the transaction to be completed during the first half of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved. The expansion to Sweden through the acquisition of Kobia AB will increase Leipurin’s annual net sales by roughly EUR 50 million and produce considerable synergy benefits in the development of the product range  and in the supply chain and procurement. It also enables partners to be served in a larger geographic area. The integration of operations has progressed according to plans. Inflation and the rising energy prices  in particular  have a negative impact on demand for more expensive products  potentially presenting profitability challenges among the bakery segment’s customers. The decreased purchasing power may have a negative impact on demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers prefer more affordable products. The upward trend is expected to continue in the prices of main raw material categories  even though the rapid inflation during the review period is expected to decelerate considerably. This is expected to take place during the first half of 2023. Despite these challenges  Leipurin sees that the market will offer a highly stable environment in the long term and also opportunities for organic growth in selected market segments. In addition  the profitability program that was launched earlier develops the organization's ability to lead with information and helps to improve financial performance in particular. The program focuses both on selected growth clusters and on improving the efficiency of operations. This program is expected to contribute to improving Leipurin’s financial development. The impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic on the global supply chains  the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times will continue. The management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well at present. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers. Other operations Other operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. The comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.8 (-1.9) million during the fourth quarter. The reported operating profit of EUR -1.9 (-1.9) million includes EUR -0.1 million in restructuring expenses affecting comparability. The comparable operating profit for 2022 was EUR -6.0 (-7.9) million. The reported operating profit was EUR -6.7 (-7.9) million  including EUR -0.7 million in items affecting comparability that are mainly related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO and restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATION Aspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade. Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities. Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital. Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources. In January-December 2022  a total of 4 242 696 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 33.9 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  13.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.01 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 8.20. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 257.1 million. The company had 11 712 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 077 145 shares  or 3.43% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders. Dividend proposal Aspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution  while leaving room for strategic investments. Aspo started to pay dividends twice a year in 2017. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 357 529 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release. The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date. Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Remuneration Share-based incentive plan 2022–2024 On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors. The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash. For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall. Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023 On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. In March 2022  based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid in cash to cover taxes. Share-based incentive plan 2020 In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal quantity will take place in 2023.Dividend Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022. At its meeting held on November 2  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second installment of dividends  EUR 0.22 per share  on the basis of the authorization provided at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend was paid on November 11  2022. The Board of Directors and the auditor At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members. In 2022  the Board of Directors arranged 21 meetings. The participation rate was 99%. The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. In 2022  99 400 share were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donations Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023. In 2022  donations of approximately EUR 55 000 were made. Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ Meeting The shareholders’ Nomination Board consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. According to the list of shareholders as of August 31  2022  the following representatives of the largest shareholders are members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: Roberto Lencioni  chair (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  chairman of Aspo’s Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board. The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023 that the Board of Directors will have seven members. The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31. The Nomination Board considers this to better support its activities  with the new date giving it more time to prepare proposals. Members of the Board of Directors The Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Aspo's long-time board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Mammu Kaario  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term. All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman. Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of Directors The Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the members of the Board of Directors be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):- members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month- Vice Chair: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month- Chair: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per month The Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATION Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Other operating income 1.1 0.2 3.3 0.5 Materials and services -109.8 -97.3 -402.9 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -14.1 -13.0 -54.4 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -6.9 -8.8 -19.9 -20.8 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -4.6 -3.8 -16.7 -13.7 Other operating expenses -33.2 -28.6 -118.9 -102.3 Operating profit -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Financial income and expenses 0.7 -1.0 -6.3 -3.9 Profit before taxes -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Income taxes -1.3 -2.1 -4.1 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit for the period -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 Discontinued operations -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Total -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet 12/2022 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 46.8 45.9 Tangible assets 178.4 168.9 Leased assets 15.9 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.5 1.7 Total non-current assets 242.6 237.2 Inventories 69.9 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 69.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 21.7 17.7 160.9 160.7 Assets held for sale 12.4 8.4 Total current assets 173.3 169.1 Total assets 415.9 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 121.7 107.4 Total equity 143.7 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 154.3 142.4 Lease liabilities 4.6 6.9 Other liabilities 7.6 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 166.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 17.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 11.7 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 72.3 79.3 101.8 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 6.8 Total current liabilities 105.7 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 415.9 406.3 Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 31.2 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 50.6 39.6 Change in working capital -6.7 -22.0 Interest paid -4.2 -4.4 Interest received 0.3 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.5 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 67.7 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -17.8 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -17.9 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -33.3 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -18.7 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -16.2 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.1 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities -16.5 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 17.8 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 Translation differences 0.0 0.9 Impairment loss on cash and cash equivalents -2.0 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 33.5 17.7 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.8 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 21.7 17.7 Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 25.3 25.3 Translation differences 2.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income 2.2 25.3 27.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.8 -1.8 Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions -11.6 -11.6 with owners Equity December 31  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.7 95.6 129.4 Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited. Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication. Personnel At the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 886 (944) employees.Segment information Aspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.1 7.3 -4.8 -6.7 33.9 Net financial expenses -6.3 -6.3 Profit before taxes 27.6 1-12/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 26.8 20.4 -2.4 -7.9 36.9 Net financial expenses -3.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 33.0 Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 17.8 Investments 1-12/2021 15.3 0.5 0.1 15.9 Green Coaster investment commitment AtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them will start operating in the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2022  it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared its option and ordered five additional vessels from the Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which AtoBatC has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors. Advance payments for the vessels to be sold further have been recognized in inventories. At the end of the financial year  inventories included EUR 10.2 million in advance payments for the Green Coaster vessels. ESL Shipping’s total investment comprises six vessels and roughly EUR 70 million. Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2 Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales. from continuing operations Telko net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 29.6 39.7 -25.4 136.9 146.7 -6.7 Chemicals business 15.9 23.4 -32.1 80.3 83.6 -3.9 Lubricants business 13.7 10.5 30.5 50.2 38.5 30.4 Telko total 59.2 73.6 -19.6 267.4 268.8 -0.5Leipurin net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Regions: Finland 12.2 11.3 8.0 46.6 40.4 15.3 Sweden 12.9 17.3 Baltics 10.0 8.5 18.0 36.8 30.6 20.4 East 6.2 9.1 -32.1 25.6 30.7 -16.7 Total 41.3 29.0 42.4 126.3 101.7 24.2 of which: Bakeries 28.6 20.3 40.8 87.9 73.2 20.1 Food Industry 4.2 3.1 34.5 14.2 11.0 28.8 Retail  foodservice  other 8.5 5.5 53.7 24.2 17.4 38.8 Machinery trading Russia 2.0 -100.0 0.0 7.3 -100.0 Vulganus 0.7 -100.0 4.3 4.1 4.9 Leipurin total 41.3 31.7 30.4 130.6 113.1 15.5Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.6 0.9 3.5 3.6 Over time 62.7 53.8 241.9 187.8 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko At a point in time 59.1 73.5 267.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.3 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 41.3 29.7 127.3 107.5 Over time 0.0 2.0 3.3 5.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total At a point in time 101.0 104.1 397.8 379.6 Over time 62.8 55.9 245.6 193.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales by market area 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.6 20.2 121.5 84.3 Scandinavia 11.9 17.4 58.5 54.1 Baltic countries 0.6 2.3 2.9 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.6 1.3 2.5 Other countries 18.2 14.2 61.2 47.0 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko Finland 13.7 12.4 53.5 47.6 Scandinavia 14.1 14.1 61.7 52.4 Baltic countries 7.6 5.0 28.2 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 15.4 34.0 91.3 117.3 Other countries 8.4 8.1 32.7 31.1 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.3 12.8 49.4 43.3 Scandinavia 12.6 0.7 17.4 2.9 Baltic countries 10.0 8.7 36.7 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.2 9.3 25.6 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.5 0.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total Finland 58.6 45.4 224.4 175.2 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 137.6 109.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16.0 67.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 118.2 155.2 Other countries 26.8 22.5 95.4 78.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Acquisition of Kobia AB Leipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit rate was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transactions are significantly affected by market conditions. The purchase price of EUR 15.7 million was paid fully in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.7 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.4 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 2.2 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.1 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses. Acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 12/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.7 Total consideration 15.7 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value Intangible assets 0.8 Tangible assets 13.6 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.3 Total liabilities 8.9 Net assets acquired 15.6 Goodwill 0.1 Acquisition of Johan Steenks Telko completed the acquisition of the operations of the Norwegian company Johan Steenks AS on October 3  2022. Johan Steenks is a distributor of technical plastic raw materials and additives for plastics  and it has an established customer base in the Norwegian markets and a number of well-known principals. The company’s annual net sales are roughly EUR 5 million. The business acquisition had no significant impact on Telko’s net sales or results during the final quarter of the year. The purchase price was approximately EUR 2.0 million  of which EUR 0.7 million were allocated to inventories and the remaining EUR 1.3 million were recognized as an increase in goodwill. The cash flow from the acquisition in 2022 was EUR -1.9 million.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale In October 17  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the Russian authorities. Telko’s company in Russia has been classified as held for sale since October 2022 when the preliminary agreement on the sale was signed. Telko’s company in Belarus has been classified as held for sale since December 2022 when the agreement on the sale was signed with the company’s acting management. Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan have been classified as held for sale since December 31  2022 when their divestment started to seem probable. A binding preliminary agreement on their sale was signed on January 17  2023 with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. The Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo and classified as held for sale in December 2021. Vulganus was sold to KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH  the leading manufacturer of bakery machines in Austria  on June 30  2022. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million   are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard  and its figures are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. Kauko Oy was sold to Signal Partners Oy on October 31  2022. Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Materials and services -0.6 -2.3 -6.9 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.2 -0.4 -1.5 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 0.0 -1.3 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 Other operating expenses -1.1 -0.4 -2.2 -1.2 Operating profit -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Profit before taxes -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 0.0 Profit for the period -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of the Kauko operating segment  to the extent that they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to the Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations for the financial year is EUR 0.3 (0.4) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. The profit from discontinued operations also includes the EUR -1.2 million loss on sale of Kauko Oy recognized during the fourth quarter. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter of 2021. Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.6 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -1.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -3.2 -1.2 Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. The cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy in 2022 was EUR -1.0 million  and it is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The costs to sell of EUR -0.4 million are included in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consists of repayments of interest-bearing loans. Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 5.5 Other assets held for sale 12.4 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 3.9 6.8 On the balance sheet  the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period have not been restated. In 2022  assets and liabilities classified as held for sale included the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale in eastern markets. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the companies held for sale  excluding internal assets and liabilities that have been eliminated. In 2021  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations included the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale at the end of 2021 consisted of Vulganus Oy’s assets and liabilities. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended on December 1  2021  for Kauko and Vulganus when they were classified as held for sale. The depreciation and amortization expense was recognized as part of sales losses in conjunction with the divestment of the companies. Telko Russia was classified as held for sale on October 31  2022  and the other companies held for sale in eastern markets on December 31  2022. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended at the time of the classification as held for sale. At the time of classification as held for sale  the net assets of the companies in eastern markets were measured at fair value less cost to sell  which was lower than the carrying amount. As a result  an impairment loss of EUR 9.4 million was recognized in the Telko segment and EUR 5.2 million in the Leipurin segment during the fourth quarter  which are reported as part of the Telko and Leipurin segments’ figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations. Impairment losses in income statement 2022 Telko Leipurin Total MEUR MEUR MEUR Impairment losses  tangible and intangible assets 0.6 1.1 1.7 Impairment losses  leased assets 0.8 0.1 0.9 Materials and services 4.8 2.4 7.2 Other operating expenses 3.1 1.4 4.5 Income taxes 0.0 0.2 0.3 Total 9.4 5.2 14.6 The impairment losses recognized on the assets of the companies in eastern markets were mainly allocated to inventories  accounts receivable  and cash and cash equivalents. In addition  an impairment loss was recognized on goodwill  determined in based on the ratio between the fair values of the divested companies and the segment. Restricted cash and cash equivalents In Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 13.5 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group is EUR 11.5 million  as an impairment loss of EUR 2.0 million was recognized on the cash and cash equivalents in conjunction with the IFRS 5 classification of the companies in Russia. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. It was still possible to pay dividends and make commercial payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. According to our understanding  the purchase prices of the operations held for sale in eastern markets can be transferred in conjunction with their sale. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  which is why they must be considered restricted cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7. Events after the review period On January 17  2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell all shares in its subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan to Timur Akhiyarov. Russian-born Akhiyarov will invest in Leipurin’s operations in eastern markets as a private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. Rights to Leipurin’s name and trademarks are not included in the transaction. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. The Belarusian subsidiaries of Telko and Leipurin have been added to the list of companies whose transfer of shares are prohibited by a decision issued by the Council of Ministers of Belarus at the end of January 2023. Because of this  it is deemed unlikely that the sale of Telko's Belarusian business would proceed. This does not change Aspo Group's previously published assessment of the financial effects of the divestment. Leipurin’s Belarusian subsidiary is part of an agreement according to which the share capitals of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan would be sold to the same buyer. The decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus does not change the previously published assessment of the financial effects of the transaction  nor does it prevent the sale of Leipurin’s Russian and Kazakh subsidiaries. On January 31  Telko acquired a Polish distribution company Eltrex. Eltrex is a distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  and its annual net sales are approximately 8 million euros and operating profit slightly under one million euros. On February 9  2023  Leipurin completed a sale and lease back agreement for its warehouse property in Gothenburg  Sweden. The property came into Leipurin’s ownership via the Kobia acquisition that took place on 1 September 2022. The buyer of the property is Revelop  a Swedish real estate investor. As a result of the sale and lease back transaction  Aspo recognizes a sales gain of approximately EUR 0.4 million. According to the terms of the agreement  Leipurin leases the property for five years. The transaction is close to cost neutral  as the depreciation expense of the assets owned will be replaced by depreciation and interest expense for the leased assets of similar size. Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcBoard of Directors Press and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on February 15  2023 at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing johanna.ahtiainen@aspo.com. The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the conference. The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/full_year_result_2022. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009756. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 900 professionals. Attachment Aspo Financial Statement Release 2022© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about ASPO OYJ 02/15 Aspo Oyj : Q4 2022 - Presentation PU 02/15 Transcript : Aspo Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 15  2023 CI 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan GL 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan AQ 02/15 Correction : Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 GL 02/15 Correction : Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 GL 02/15 Aspo Plc Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Proposes Second Dividend Distribution  Payable on November 2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Proposes Dividend for the Year 2022  Payable on April 17  2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Announces Stepdown of Mammu Kaari From Board Member and Chairman of the Audit .. CI Financials EUR USD Sales 2022 636 M 679 M 679 M Net income 2022 27 9 M 29 7 M 29 7 M Net Debt 2022 147 M 156 M 156 M P/E ratio 2022 10 8x Yield 2022 5 52% Capitalization 263 M 281 M 281 M EV / Sales 2022 0 64x EV / Sales 2023 0 65x Nbr of Employees 936 Free-Float 59 1% Chart ASPO OYJ Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends ASPO OYJ Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bullish Neutral Bullish Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus OUTPERFORM Number of Analysts 2 Last Close Price 8 39 € Average target price 9 80 € Spread / Average Target 16 8% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Rolf Jansson Chief Executive Officer Arto Juhani Meitsalo Chief Financial Officer Heikki Seppo Westerlund Chairman Mammu Marja Liisa Kaario Deputy Chairman Mikael Laine Independent Director Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) ASPO OYJ 2.32% 281 AIR LIQUIDE 10.11% 81 240 SAUDI BASIC INDUSTRIES CORPORATION 5.82% 75 646 WANHUA CHEMICAL GROUP CO.  LTD. 7.30% 45 559 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 20.57% 32 598 GANFENG LITHIUM GROUP CO.  LTD. 10.32% 21 463,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'Correction', 'January', 'December', 'GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Correction', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Aspo Oyj News Summary', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'key employee incentive plan', 'original stock exchange release', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'strong financial performance', 'Homepage Equities Finland', 'multiple email addresses', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Free cash flow', 'Other operations', 'increasing dividend distribution', '2022 financial year', 'Net cash', 'Key figures', 'Aspo Plc', 'total Aspo', 'operating activities', 'Report Report', 'corresponding period', 'net sales', 'previous year', 'ESL Shipping', 'continuing operations', 'later date', 'discontinued operations', 'Dividend proposal', 'First name', 'maximum amount', 'More information', '2022 Earnings Call', 'list', 'EST', 'Presentation', 'Transcript', 'Feb', 'Board', 'Directors', 'January', 'December', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '9:30 a', 'guidance', 'CEO', 'review', 'section', 'entirety', 'brackets', 'level', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'payment', 'dividends', 'aim', 'April', 'addition', 'EUR', '10:50', '2023', '2021']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18500,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPO-OYJ-1412432/news/Correction-Aspo-Group-financial-statement-release-January-1-ndash-December-31-2022-42989922/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022,(marketscreener.com) Aspo Plc Inside information               February 15  2023  at 10:50 am Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Aspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on February 15  2023  at 9:3…,Homepage Equities Finland Nasdaq Helsinki Aspo Oyj News Summary ASPO FI0009008072 ASPO OYJ (ASPO) Add to my list Report Report Delayed Nasdaq Helsinki - 11:29:59 2023-02-16 am EST 8.350 EUR -0.48% 02/15 Aspo Oyj : Q4 2022 - Presentation PU 02/15 Transcript : Aspo Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 15  2023 CI 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 02/15/2023 | 03:51am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Aspo PlcInside informationFebruary 15  2023  at 10:50 am Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Aspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on February 15  2023  at 9:30 a.m. In the original stock exchange release  guidance for 2023 was incorrectly commented on in the CEO’s review. Guidance for 2023 was correct in the section reserved for it and is as follows: Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023. Below the corrected release in its entirety.Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets. October–December 2022  Group total Aspo’s net sales remained at the previous year’s level  being EUR 164.6 (163.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 (13.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 6.9% (8.5%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.6 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.7) million.Items affecting the comparability of the operating profit totaled EUR -16.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR -3.7 (8.7) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was -2.3% (5.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.2 (9.8) million  Telko EUR -7.7 (4.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million.Earnings per share were EUR -0.21 (0.17).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 22.0 (10.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 16.5 (4.1) million.January–December 2022  Group total Aspo’s net sales increased by 11% to EUR 652.6 (586.4) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 55.3 (42.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 20.8 (21.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.3 (1.9) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -24.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR 33.9 (36.9) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.3% (6.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 38.1 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 7.3 (20.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million.Earnings per share were EUR 0.61 (0.76).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million.Guidance for 2023 Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the payment of dividendsAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date. Therefore  a maximum of EUR 0.46 (0.45) would be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year.More information about the proposed dividend distribution is available under section “Dividend proposal”. Key figures 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 38.1 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 7.3 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 -4.8 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -1.9 -1.9 -6.7 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % -2.3 5.4 5.3 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 22.0 10.7 67.7 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR 16.5 4.1 34.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 15.2 20.8 Equity ratio  % 34.7 32.0 Gearing  % 108.4 131.0 Equity per share  EUR 4.58 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2022:In the light of financial figures  2022 was a success and in many ways record-breaking. Aspo Group’s net sales increased to EUR 652.6 million  up by roughly 11% from the previous year. The comparable operating profit for 2022 increased to a record EUR 55.3 million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 8.5%. Both the increase in net sales and our comparable operating profit exceeded the financial targets set for the Group. Aspo’s net sales in October–December stood at EUR 164.6 million  and the comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 million. ESL Shipping especially supported the positive development of net sales and operating profit  with its record-breaking fourth quarter crowning its overall excellent year. The strong growth of Leipurin’s net sales during the fourth quarter was supported not only by high inflation rates  but also by the acquisition of the Swedish company Kobia AB at the beginning of September. Telko’s comparable operating profit in October–December was below the normal level which was due to the direct and reflected effects of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Eastern trade. Apart from the eastern markets  Telko’s net sales developed positively. The year 2022 turned out to be highly different from what we still assumed at the beginning of the year. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine dramatically changed the lives of many of our employees  and our entire operating environment changed drastically. Already in spring  we decided to withdraw from all our operations in Russia and from other selected eastern markets. The prerequisites for responsible business had vanished  and it became clear that we would set our sights even more firmly on western markets in accordance with our strategy updated at the end of 2021. We will continue to operate in Ukraine  and we want to support its development and do our part to help rebuild the country. In summer  we divested Leipurin’s machinery business Vulganus  and at the end of October  the divestment of Kauko was finalized. At the same time  we focused on developing our key businesses through acquisitions according to our compounder strategy  of which the acquisition of Kobia by Leipurin and Telko’s recent acquisitions were the most significant. During the year  we also made strategic investments  the most important of which was ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in new Green Coaster vessels using a pooling arrangement. We are heading to 2023 from a good position  and we will continue the determined implementation of our strategy. I believe that we can generate strong cash flow even in this challenging market environment and  in accordance with our financial guidance  we expect Aspo’s comparable operating profit to be higher than EUR 35 million in 2023. We continue to boost organic growth through strategic acquisitions. Thanks for Aspo’s excellent results in 2022 go to our entire personnel. I am particularly pleased and grateful for the dedication our personnel showed in supporting our colleagues in areas ravaged by the war and in ensuring their safety.ASPO GROUP Financial results and targets Aspo’s financial targets announced on December 1  2021: Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130% With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%. In 2022  the Group’s targets were reached well overall. Aspo Group’s operating profit increased by 11%. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%)  clearly exceeding the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained at the level of 15.2% (20.8%) due to the items affecting comparability of EUR -24.1 million that mainly consisted of additional costs and impairment losses arising from Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  and whose negative impact on return on equity was roughly 15.6 percentage points. Aspo’s gearing decreased to 108.4% (131.0%)  well below the target level.Aspo Group’s comparable result for continuing and discontinued operations Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These include impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. In December 2021  Aspo announced that Kauko operating segment was defined not being part of Aspo’s core operations  and Kauko was classified as a discontinued operation. On October 31  2022  Kauko was divested outside the Group  and its accumulated earnings until that date and the divestment loss are presented in the profit from discontinued operations  separate from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. However  Kauko’s results are included in Aspo Group’s total figures and comparable operating profit. Telko’s companies in Russia and Belarus  and Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan are classified as held for sale in the 2022 financial statements (eastern businesses held for sale below). The results of the eastern businesses held for sale are reported as part of Telko and Leipurin  as well as Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The assets and liabilities of the eastern businesses held for sale are presented on the balance sheet separately as assets and liabilities held for sale. When the eastern businesses were classified as held for sale  they were measured at fair value less cost to sell  resulting in the recognition of impairment losses totaling EUR 14.5 million in the fourth quarter  reported as items affecting comparability. On divestment  the recognition of the translation differences of the eastern businesses as part of sales losses as well as a possible change the fair value of the eastern businesses compared with the estimates made in the financial statements will also have a negative impact on the operating profit. On the closing date  the amount of the translation differences of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR -11.8 million. The amount fluctuates according to changes in exchange rates until the date of sale. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the result for the period has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity. Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Operating profit  Group total -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % -2.9 5.4 4.8 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 10 2 9 8 38 1 26 8 Telko  operating profit -7 7 4 4 7 3 20 4 Leipurin  operating profit -4 3 -3 6 -4 8 -2 4 Other operations  operating profit -1 9 -1 9 -6 7 -7 9 Operating profit from continuing operations -3 7 8 7 33 9 36 9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1 1 0 1 -2 7 -3 0 Operating profit  Group total -4 8 8 8 31 2 33 9 Items affecting comparability*) -16 1 -5 1 -24 1 -8 5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11 3 13 9 55 3 42 4*) Items affecting comparability  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Kauko Total Shipping operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Impairment losses -9 3 -5 0 -1 3 -15 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 8 -1 1 -0 6 -2 5 Divestment losses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -2 0 Total 0 7 -13 5 -8 1 -0 7 -2 5 -24 1 In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million  and they are reported in the profit from discontinued operations. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million. Of the items affecting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -16.1 million  EUR -14.3 million were related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences. Of the items  EUR -0.4 million were recognized for the ESL Shipping segment  EUR -9.0 for Telko  and EUR -5.0 million for Leipurin. Items affecting comparability relating to reorganizations were EUR -0.4 million in the Leipurin segment and EUR -0.1 million in other operations. In addition  Kauko’s sales loss of EUR -1.2 million is included in the items affecting comparability and reported as part of the results of discontinued operations. Items affecting the comparability in 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.Sustainability Sustainability is a material factor which guides Aspo’s management system and especially the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be pioneers in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) goals for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2e (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) is 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping invests in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is significant in terms of monetary value  but above all  it helps the shipping company move towards its emissions target. During the past 12 months  emission intensity improved further to 0.33 (0.42)  driven by the increase in net sales and operational efficiency. Another key goal was a higher level of safety  with the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) being 8.1 (8.8) during the past 12 months. Even though TRIF improved from the previous year  we did not reach the target of 7.0 set for 2022. Aspo regularly assesses the satisfaction of employees with their own tasks  the quality of management  and Aspo as an employer by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. In 2021  Aspo started to use the People Power index  a new method of measuring job satisfaction  and it was also included in the Group’s sustainability goals. The operating environment remained fairly challenging in all businesses  and job satisfaction decreased slightly  while still being high: the Group achieved the rating of AA in 2022 (2021: AA+). However  the targeted level of AA+ was not achieved unlike in 2021. Aspo’s internal Compliance and Code of Conduct training includes anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. Aspo’s goal is that all of the Group’s personnel complete the training every year. In 2022  approximately 100% (89%) of the Group’s employees completed Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (88%) completed Compliance training.Operating environment and the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo’s operations Aspo’s operating environment changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The invasion has caused considerable general uncertainties in markets  higher interest rates  lower trust among consumers  price inflation  higher energy prices in particular  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates. Significantly suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The considerable damage to the energy distribution infrastructure in Ukraine made the situation even worse during the second half of 2022. The war drastically reduces operating conditions in eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  and selected values in particular. Aspo’s decision to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets  combined with the sanctions related to the war  has also reshaped Aspo’s logistics flows and operating models. ESL Shipping’s all operations have been suspended in Russia  and the released vessel capacity has been transferred to other operating areas. Telko has signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. At the end of 2022  Telko also signed a binding preliminary agreement on the sale of its subsidiary in Belarus to a member of its current management. A binding preliminary agreement was also signed with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor  after the end of the financial year on the sale of Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan stood at EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 4% of Aspo Group’s net sales. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus stood at EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 9% of Aspo Group’s net sales. The consolidated net sales of Telko and Leipurin in these countries accounted for roughly 13% of Aspo Group’s net sales in 2022 (16% of net sales in 2021). The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent the transportation of goods and the transfer of payments which has reduced the net sales and profitability of the operations in Russia. In addition  decreases in the companies’ operations and personnel have reduced Russia’s role in Aspo’s business operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight. The equity of the group companies in Russia is EUR 20.5 (16.6) million  comprising 14.3% (12.8%) of Aspo Group’s total equity. In Aspo Group  EUR 12.2 million in impairment losses associated with the equity of Russian companies have been recognized in the financial statements. Aspo’s assets in Russia mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents  inventories and accounts receivable. The number of employees in Aspo Group’s companies in Russia is decreasing  being 105 (193) at the end of the year. Rising interest and inflation rates  as well as weaker general economic estimates  have affected consumers’ purchasing behavior  for example  so that consumers have shifted from more expensive to more affordable products. While the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the news  it still has an impact on Aspo’s operating environment. For example  the global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on certain Aspo’s businesses  decelerating sales and the completion of orders. The markets are also characterized by disruptions in logistics flows and the low availability of certain products. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations especially among ESL Shipping’s crew members. Net sales by market area  continuing operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Share 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 58.6 45.4 35.8 224.4 175.2 34.9 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 23.6 137.6 109.4 21.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16 11.1 67.8 54.8 10.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 13.2 118.2 155.2 18.4 Other countries 26.8 22.5 16.3 95.4 78.7 14.8 Total 163.8 160 100 643.4 573.3 100 During 2022  Aspo has reported its net sales by market area with the following division: Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The eastern markets’ share of total net sales continued to decrease during the fourth quarter of 2022  mainly due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and decisions to downsize operations in Russia and withdraw from the market as planned. As a result of the withdrawal from Russia  the division of Aspo’s main market areas will change at the beginning of 2023. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will direct its growth investments at western markets  and the eastern markets’ share of Aspo’s total net sales already decreased to 13.2% in the fourth quarter.Cash flow and financing The Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–December was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. The cash flow of all businesses showed positive development during the year. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -6.7 (-22.0) million. The increase in working capital mainly comes from the advance payments for the vessels to be built in the ESL Shipping segment’s vessel pool and the customer receivables accumulated through high sales at the end of the year. This was partly compensated by the Telko segment’s working capital  which improved towards the year end. The free cash flow in January–December was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million. The amount of investments of EUR -17.8 (-15.9) million mainly included the ESL Shipping segment’s dockages and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the cash flow from investing activities includes EUR -17.9 million cash outflow on the acquisitions of Kobia  Mentum and Johan Steenks and a total of EUR 2.8 million in cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus as the most significant items.12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 189.2 187.3 Cash and cash equivalents 33.5 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 155.7 169.6 Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 155.7 (169.6) million and gearing fell to 108.4% (131.0%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.7% (32.0%). The balance sheet strengthened as a result of improved profitability and the new hybrid instrument issued in June. Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -6.3 (-3.9) million. Exchange rate changes  especially the strengthened value of the Russian ruble  increased financial expenses by EUR 1.6 million from the previous year. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 3.3% (1.4%). The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 33.5 (17.7) at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 11.8 million. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained wholly unused (5). During 2022  Aspo extended its maturity structure for interest-bearing loans. In September  AtoBatC AB signed an EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan’s maturity is 15 years  and it has not yet been withdrawn. The loan  together with the ten-year loan agreement of EUR 20 million singed in June with the Nordic Investment Bank  of which EUR 19.6 million have been withdrawn  finances ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The project was launched in September 2021. In addition  Aspo restructured a bilateral bank loan of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new bilateral revolving credit facility which will mature in 2025. The loan agreement also includes two options for a one-year extension. In June  Aspo issued a new EUR 30 million hybrid instrument  with a coupon rate of 8.75% per annum. The hybrid instrument has no maturity  but the company may exercise an early redemption option in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s earlier hybrid instrument of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operations Aspo and its subsidiaries are exposed to various risks and uncertainties  which are mainly identified and managed in Aspo's businesses. The most important risks and preparedness for them are summarized and reported to Aspo's Board of Directors through Aspo's Audit Committee. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causes significant geopolitical uncertainties. It affects the general economic environment  including inflation  energy and raw material prices  interest rates  and consumers’ trust. The ongoing process to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets will change the Group’s structure significantly and will affect the revenue model of Aspo’s businesses in the long term. There are risks that the withdrawal from the selected markets causes additional costs or losses  and that funds cannot be transferred from the markets or that the withdrawal is unsuccessful in full or in part. It is also possible that the official approvals required for the withdrawal from the markets are not obtained for example due to changes is legislation or that they are at risk or fail for some other reason. Financial activities and the prevailing geopolitical uncertainties have caused the prices of many raw materials  components and logistics services to rise rapidly. While Aspo may benefit from the price increases temporarily  the prices of raw materials or rental capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disruptions in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes are also increasing risks. The rapid increase in inflation has generally caused pressure for salary increases  which in Finland can lead to labor disputes  which can also negatively affect Aspo's businesses. International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may also affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. The geopolitical tensions may escalate and cause a direct adverse impact on business operations  put payments at risk and even suspend business operations. If escalated  cyber incidents and disruptions in information systems may cause damage to business operations. In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its steady profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary deterioration in the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial resources and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability. The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on Aspo’s operations has been limited at the group level  even though it has been significant in the Leipurin segment. The current and any new coronavirus variants and their rapid spread may suspend business operations and cause financial losses through stoppages in global logistics chains  among other factors. Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS ESL Shipping ESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 41 vessels with a total capacity of 425 000 deadweight tonnage (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (80% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 16 vessels (18%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 63.3 54.7 16 245.4 191.4 28 Operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 4 38.1 26.8 42 Operating profit  % 16.1 17.9 15.5 14.0 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.4 0.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 10.6 9.8 8 37.4 26.8 40 Comparable operating profit  % 16.7 17.9 15.2 14.0 The fourth quarter of 2022 marked the best quarter in ESL Shipping’s history measured by the operating profit. Net sales increased by 16% from the previous year to EUR 63.3 (54.7) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter increased by 8% to record-breaking EUR 10.6 (9.8) million. The operating profit of EUR 10.2 (9.8) million includes EUR -0.4 million in expenses associated with suspended operations in Russia. High demand in the shipping company’s main market areas  the shipping company’s long-term partnership strategy and the successful operations of the onshore and offshore personnel enabled the excellent results. Weather conditions were also favorable for operations. The comparable operating profit rate of 16.7% (17.9%) achieved during the fourth quarter was once again excellent. During the quarter  the prices of diesel and liquefied natural gas (LNG) used as ship fuels decreased from the previous quarter  while remaining roughly twice as high as in the comparative period. The high level of fuel surcharges increased net sales and reduced the operating profit rate  which is used as an indicator of relative profitability. During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The volume development was based on the transfer of raw material deliveries away from Russia which has extended transportation distances especially for energy coal. The final quarter is also normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation involving the security of supply  the low availability of biofuels and longer transportation distances  the percentage of energy coal from all transportation operations tripled during the fourth quarter from the comparative period. The profitability of all the shipping company’s vessel categories was excellent during the fourth quarter. In fourth quarter  production plants of several contractual customers underwent relatively large maintenance stoppages and restricted production due to lower demand and high energy costs. High demand experienced in the energy industry enabled the vessels to continue to operate at full capacity during the fourth quarter. The spot cargo market decreased in all customer segments and vessel categories during the quarter. After operations in Russia were suspended  demand for ESL Shipping’s loading and unloading operations for vessels at sea shifted to the southern Baltic Sea where it was maintained by the high demand for energy coal transportation during the fourth quarter and congestion at ports suitable for large ocean liners. Six time-chartered vessels of the smaller vessel category were redelivered to their owners as the charter agreements ended at the end of the fourth quarter and as the price of an extended charter period became too high. The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB    at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. The first four new vessels are already under construction  and the first vessel is to be delivered during fall 2023. One larger vessel was docked for seven days during the fourth quarter and one smaller vessel was out of service for 26 days. In 2022  dockage days totaled 141 (229). The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December increased from the comparative period by 28% to EUR 245.4 (191.4) million. The comparable operating profit was the highest in the company’s history at EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 15.2% (14.0%). The operating profit rate clearly exceeded the long-term target of 14%. Comparability was affected by the gain from the sale of the barge Espa and costs associated with the suspended operations in Russia. Their impact on net results was EUR 0.7 million and  as a result  ESL Shipping’s operating profit amounted to EUR 38.1 (26.8) million and its operating profit rate was 15.5% (14.0%) for 2022 as a whole. The shipping company’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The aim is to halve carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. During 2022  ESL Shipping transported 14.7 (14.8) million tons of cargo  and its vessels consumed 819 988 (898 158) MWh of energy. CO2 emissions per transported ton decreased by 7.5% to 0.015 (0.016) tons of carbon dioxide per ton of cargo. The new energy-efficient operating models applied to port visits supported the positive development.ESL Shipping outlook for 2023 General macroeconomic uncertainties have increased in ESL Shipping’s main market areas. Higher inflation and slower economic growth increase demand and pricing pressure among the shipping company’s main customers. Finland’s labor market may experience unrest during the spring  and its impact through overtime bans and strikes may be significant on key customers and especially on the effectiveness of the transport chain. Global demand estimates in sea transportation markets and price levels of spot markets have decreased considerably from the previous year. On the other hand  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for round-the-year operations in the Baltic Sea is limited. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main customers is expected to be satisfactory  albeit slightly lower than in the previous year. Demand for energy deliveries outside Finland is expected to remain high during the first half of the year. In the forest industry  pulp delivery volumes are looking positive  but only satisfactory for sawn goods. Volumes are looking satisfactory in the steel industry. Now that deliveries of Russian raw materials have stopped  certain of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers are forced to seek new suppliers for part of their production input required in new geographic areas. Not all of these procurement routes have yet become stabilized which may cause an imbalance in ESL Shipping’s operations. The role of energy coal transportation is expected to decrease significantly when the preparation situation returns to normal and demand shifts towards other energy forms. The majority of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the Supramax vessels. Currently  the expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels do not meet the realities in the shipping company’s main market areas which may cause further uncertainties in the availability of a suitable and sufficient tonnage. The impact of rising energy prices on ESL Shipping’s costs is compensated effectively through fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements. Surveys show that ESL Shipping’s customer satisfaction is at an excellent level  similarly to the personnel’s commitment and job satisfaction. Activities to further improve customer and employee satisfaction  sustainability and occupational safety will continue. The shipping company’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping will continue the development of a fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in line with the green transition and the vessels designed for it in cooperation with its key customers. The shipping company is participating in projects aimed to produce green hydrogen through renewable electricity and to further process it as fossil-free fuel for the shipping company’s vessels. During 2023  four larger and two smaller vessels will be docked for a total of approximately 100 days. Telko Telko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China. In October 2022  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. In December  Telko finalized the preliminary agreement to divest its subsidiary in Belarus  to a member of its current management. Both business transactions still need to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 59.2 73.6 -20 267.4 268.8 -1 Operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 -275 7.3 20.4 -64 Operating profit  % -13.0 6.0 2.7 7.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -9.0 -0.8 -13.5 -0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 5.2 -75 20.8 21.2 -2 Comparable operating profit  % 2.2 7.1 7.8 7.9 During the fourth quarter  Telko’s net sales decreased steeply to EUR 59.2 (73.6) million. Telko’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased after sales in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine dropped substantially from the previous year. Telko’s net sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased. Demand remained stable in Telko’s all business operations. The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and the operating profit rate was 2.2% (7.1%). Net sales and operating profit decreased from the previous year  especially due to weak development and negative results in Russia. Telko’s result for the fourth quarter includes items affecting comparability  which reduced Telko’s operating profit by EUR 9.0 million in total. Impairment losses regarding companies in Russia and Belarus of EUR 9.3 million and other expenses of EUR 0.2 million were recognized relating to the withdrawal from Russia. In addition  the credit loss provision recognized from accounts receivable in Ukraine was reversed by EUR 0.5 million. The combined comparable operating profit of the above countries was slightly negative during the fourth quarter. Telko’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR -7.7 (4.4) million. The operating profit rate was -13.0% (6.0%). Impairment losses associated with inventories  exchange rate losses  and costs related to corporate restructuring also had a negative impact on the operating profit. The net sales of the plastics business decreased by 25% during the fourth quarter to EUR 29.6 (39.7) million  mainly due to the decrease in Telko’s operations in Russia. In Telko’s European markets  demand for plastic polymers remained at a normal level in general. Sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased slightly  regardless of the downward trend in prices. While the steep decline in the prices of volume plastics turned to an increase during the fourth quarter  the prices are still lower than during the corresponding period in the previous year. The prices of technical plastics decreased slightly during the fourth quarter but were clearly above the comparative period’s level. The acquisition of the operations of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of technical plastic raw materials and plastics  increased the net sales of the plastics business during the fourth quarter  while it had no significant impact on results. During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 32% to EUR 15.9 (23.4) million. Sales decreased steeply in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. The weak development especially in Ukraine resulted from the disruptions in the electricity distribution infrastructure due to the war which directly limited production. Total sales in other countries increased significantly  regardless of the decrease in prices. Prices started to increase during the fourth quarter. Telko’s chemicals business is divided between several customer groups which evens out any fluctuations in demand. During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the lubricants business increased by 31% to EUR 13.7 (10.5) million. Sales increased in all key product groups. The increase in sales resulted from high price levels  the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021  and very positively developed sales of industrial lubricants. Prices of lubricants increased slightly during the fourth quarter. Russia’s invasion in Ukraine did not have any direct impact on the lubricants business. Telko’s net sales in January–December decreased by 1% to EUR 267.4 (268.8) million. The full-year comparable operating profit of EUR 20.8 million was only slightly lower than the previous year’s record-high comparable operating profit (21.2). The comparable operating profit rate remained high at 7.8% (7.9%). Exchange rate losses of EUR 2.5 million reduced the operating profit. Telko’s full-year operating profit fell by 64% to EUR 7.3 (20.4) million. The operating profit rate was 2.7% (7.6%). Results decreased due to the warehouse destroyed in Ukraine  the impairment losses associated with companies in Russia and Belarus  and other costs arising from the withdrawal from Russia  which totaled EUR -13.5 million and have been reported as items affecting comparability.Telko outlook for 2023 As announced previously  Telko has agreed to divest its operations in Russia and Belarus. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus were EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022. Both sales transactions require approval by the local authorities. Telko expects the Russian transaction to be completed during the first quarter of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved. In 2023  Telko’s net sales and profit will be significantly lower than in the previous year due to the changed situation in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. In other countries  demand is expected to remain moderate  even though there will be differences between businesses. The prices of plastics and chemicals decreased steeply during the latter half of 2022  while still being clearly above the long-term average. It is assumed that the most significant price corrections took place during 2022  but the prices are expected to decrease slightly during the first half if energy prices do not experience a considerable increase. In high added value products  on which Telko focuses in accordance with its strategy  price changes are typically more moderate. Significant changes in prices have a short-term impact on margins. Demand for lubricants is expected to remain stable  and prices are expected to increase at least during the first half of 2023. In western markets  demand will involve uncertainties during the next few months. Demand indices have decreased in the construction and automotive industries in Europe. High energy prices and inflation rates will affect demand during the next few months  in particular. At the end of the year  demand will  above all  be affected by the general development of purchasing power in Europe. The lifting of coronavirus restrictions in China is expected to increase local demand. In addition  higher demand in China may have an impact on global price development during the first part of the year. In Central Asia  demand is expected to remain relatively high. Sales in Ukraine will be lower during the first half than in the previous year  while they are expected to be at the 2022 level during the rest of the year  depending completely on the development of the war. Telko will continue its activities to improve its operational efficiency and scalability. Inflation causes general increases in costs. On the other hand  cargo expenses  especially in Asia  will be materially lower than in the previous year. The recent structural arrangements continued when Telko announced on January 31  2023  that it will acquire Eltrex  a Polish company specialized in the distribution of chemicals. According to its strategy  Telko continues to accelerate its growth through acquisitions in addition to organic growth. Leipurin Leipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four business units  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  Baltics  and East. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. The Leipurin segment’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. The Leipurin segment uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners. On April 22  2022  Aspo announced that Leipurin will withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. In January 2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell its subsidiaries in these countries to a private investor. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 41.3 31.7 30 130.6 113.1 15 Operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 19 -4.8 -2.4 100 Operating profit  % -10.4 -11.4 -3.7 -2.1 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -5.4 -4.3 -8.1 -4.3 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 3.3 1.9 74 Comparable operating profit  % 2.7 2.2 2.5 1.7 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 4.1 2.4 71 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 2.7 2.3 3.2 2.2Leipurin’s operations were still affected by the restrictions in eastern markets due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the high price inflation in global raw material markets  and challenges related to the availability of raw materials. Leipurin’s total net sales increased by 30% during the fourth quarter to EUR 41.3 (31.7) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 2.7 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy. The Finland business unit’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 12.2 (11.3) million. In the Baltics  net sales increased by 18% to EUR 10.0 (8.5) million. Net sales of the East business unit decreased by 32% to EUR 6.2 (9.1) million due to the reduced product range  consisting only of local procurement. The decrease in the net sales of the East business unit was also significantly affected by the decrease in operations in Ukraine down to roughly 9% from the comparative year’s level. Sweden was established as a new business unit as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  and it accounted for EUR 12.9 million and approximately 31% of Leipurin’s net sales in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 41% to EUR 28.6 (20.3) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 35% to EUR 4.2 (3.1) million. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets continued to have a significant impact on Leipurin’s sales during the fourth quarter. Measured in kilograms  the decrease in sales intensified in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics  whereas sales continued to be roughly half of the previous year’s level in the East business unit. The weak volume development is mainly driven by the decrease in consumers’ trust in the current market situation  in which energy costs and interest rates are especially rising steeply. The significant increase in living expenses continued in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics which reduced the inflation-adjusted sales volume of retail and strengthened the shift in consumers’ demand towards more affordable products. The positive development of profit margins continued  regardless of the negative trends in volumes. The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.3%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -5.4 (-4.3) million  included costs and impairment losses arising from the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan  and costs associated with the reorganization of Leipurin’s group operations. The comparability of the comparative period was affected by animpairment loss recognized on goodwill. Leipurin’s operating loss for the fourth quarter was EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million. Reversal of a fair value allocation of inventories amounting to EUR -0.5 million which arised from the acquisition of Kobia  had a negative impact on the operating profit. In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 130.6 (113.1) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 11.4 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy  which were EUR 7.1 million higher than in 2022  but the increase in raw material sales in western markets was particularly strong during the review period compared to the corresponding period in the previous year. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales. Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2022 was EUR 3.3 (1.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.7%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 4.1 (2.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.2% (2.2%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -8.1 (-4.3) million  were mainly related to the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the acquisition of Kobia  and the divestment of Vulganus. The reported operating profit was negative at EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million. Kobia’s impact on Leipurin’s operating profit was still negative due to the reversal of the EUR 0.5 million fair value allocation of inventories related to the acquisition. Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The loss arising from the divestment and the expenses related to it  totaling EUR -0.4 million  are reported under the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses. Leipurin acquired all shares in Kobia AB  a Swedish distributor in the bakery industry  from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia AB comprises Leipurin’s new Sweden business unit  and it has been included in Aspo Group’s figures since September 1  2022. Kobia’s annual net sales are approximately EUR 50 million  and its operating profit rate is roughly 3%. The acquisition strengthens Leipurin’s position as the leading company in the Baltic Sea region. Leipurin outlook for 2023 The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and results. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022. The divestment of the operations in the eastern markets still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Leipurin expects the transaction to be completed during the first half of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved. The expansion to Sweden through the acquisition of Kobia AB will increase Leipurin’s annual net sales by roughly EUR 50 million and produce considerable synergy benefits in the development of the product range  and in the supply chain and procurement. It also enables partners to be served in a larger geographic area. The integration of operations has progressed according to plans. Inflation and the rising energy prices  in particular  have a negative impact on demand for more expensive products  potentially presenting profitability challenges among the bakery segment’s customers. The decreased purchasing power may have a negative impact on demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers prefer more affordable products. The upward trend is expected to continue in the prices of main raw material categories  even though the rapid inflation during the review period is expected to decelerate considerably. This is expected to take place during the first half of 2023. Despite these challenges  Leipurin sees that the market will offer a highly stable environment in the long term and also opportunities for organic growth in selected market segments. In addition  the profitability program that was launched earlier develops the organization's ability to lead with information and helps to improve financial performance in particular. The program focuses both on selected growth clusters and on improving the efficiency of operations. This program is expected to contribute to improving Leipurin’s financial development. The impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic on the global supply chains  the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times will continue. The management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well at present. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers. Other operations Other operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. The comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.8 (-1.9) million during the fourth quarter. The reported operating profit of EUR -1.9 (-1.9) million includes EUR -0.1 million in restructuring expenses affecting comparability. The comparable operating profit for 2022 was EUR -6.0 (-7.9) million. The reported operating profit was EUR -6.7 (-7.9) million  including EUR -0.7 million in items affecting comparability that are mainly related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO and restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATION Aspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade. Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities. Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital. Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources. In January-December 2022  a total of 4 242 696 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 33.9 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  13.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.01 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 8.20. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 257.1 million. The company had 11 712 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 077 145 shares  or 3.43% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders. Dividend proposal Aspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution  while leaving room for strategic investments. Aspo started to pay dividends twice a year in 2017. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 357 529 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release. The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date. Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Remuneration Share-based incentive plan 2022–2024 On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors. The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash. For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall. Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023 On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. In March 2022  based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid in cash to cover taxes. Share-based incentive plan 2020 In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal quantity will take place in 2023.Dividend Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022. At its meeting held on November 2  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second installment of dividends  EUR 0.22 per share  on the basis of the authorization provided at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend was paid on November 11  2022. The Board of Directors and the auditor At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members. In 2022  the Board of Directors arranged 21 meetings. The participation rate was 99%. The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. In 2022  99 400 share were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donations Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023. In 2022  donations of approximately EUR 55 000 were made. Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ Meeting The shareholders’ Nomination Board consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. According to the list of shareholders as of August 31  2022  the following representatives of the largest shareholders are members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: Roberto Lencioni  chair (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  chairman of Aspo’s Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board. The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023 that the Board of Directors will have seven members. The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31. The Nomination Board considers this to better support its activities  with the new date giving it more time to prepare proposals. Members of the Board of Directors The Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Aspo's long-time board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Mammu Kaario  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term. All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman. Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of Directors The Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the members of the Board of Directors be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):- members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month- Vice Chair: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month- Chair: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per month The Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATION Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Other operating income 1.1 0.2 3.3 0.5 Materials and services -109.8 -97.3 -402.9 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -14.1 -13.0 -54.4 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -6.9 -8.8 -19.9 -20.8 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -4.6 -3.8 -16.7 -13.7 Other operating expenses -33.2 -28.6 -118.9 -102.3 Operating profit -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Financial income and expenses 0.7 -1.0 -6.3 -3.9 Profit before taxes -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Income taxes -1.3 -2.1 -4.1 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit for the period -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 Discontinued operations -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Total -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet 12/2022 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 46.8 45.9 Tangible assets 178.4 168.9 Leased assets 15.9 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.5 1.7 Total non-current assets 242.6 237.2 Inventories 69.9 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 69.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 21.7 17.7 160.9 160.7 Assets held for sale 12.4 8.4 Total current assets 173.3 169.1 Total assets 415.9 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 121.7 107.4 Total equity 143.7 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 154.3 142.4 Lease liabilities 4.6 6.9 Other liabilities 7.6 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 166.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 17.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 11.7 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 72.3 79.3 101.8 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 6.8 Total current liabilities 105.7 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 415.9 406.3 Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 31.2 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 50.6 39.6 Change in working capital -6.7 -22.0 Interest paid -4.2 -4.4 Interest received 0.3 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.5 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 67.7 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -17.8 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -17.9 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -33.3 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -18.7 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -16.2 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.1 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities -16.5 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 17.8 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 Translation differences 0.0 0.9 Impairment loss on cash and cash equivalents -2.0 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 33.5 17.7 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.8 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 21.7 17.7 Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 25.3 25.3 Translation differences 2.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income 2.2 25.3 27.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.8 -1.8 Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions -11.6 -11.6 with owners Equity December 31  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.7 95.6 129.4 Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited. Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication. Personnel At the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 886 (944) employees.Segment information Aspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.1 7.3 -4.8 -6.7 33.9 Net financial expenses -6.3 -6.3 Profit before taxes 27.6 1-12/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 26.8 20.4 -2.4 -7.9 36.9 Net financial expenses -3.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 33.0 Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 17.8 Investments 1-12/2021 15.3 0.5 0.1 15.9 Green Coaster investment commitment AtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them will start operating in the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2022  it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared its option and ordered five additional vessels from the Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which AtoBatC has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors. Advance payments for the vessels to be sold further have been recognized in inventories. At the end of the financial year  inventories included EUR 10.2 million in advance payments for the Green Coaster vessels. ESL Shipping’s total investment comprises six vessels and roughly EUR 70 million. Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2 Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales. from continuing operations Telko net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 29.6 39.7 -25.4 136.9 146.7 -6.7 Chemicals business 15.9 23.4 -32.1 80.3 83.6 -3.9 Lubricants business 13.7 10.5 30.5 50.2 38.5 30.4 Telko total 59.2 73.6 -19.6 267.4 268.8 -0.5Leipurin net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Regions: Finland 12.2 11.3 8.0 46.6 40.4 15.3 Sweden 12.9 17.3 Baltics 10.0 8.5 18.0 36.8 30.6 20.4 East 6.2 9.1 -32.1 25.6 30.7 -16.7 Total 41.3 29.0 42.4 126.3 101.7 24.2 of which: Bakeries 28.6 20.3 40.8 87.9 73.2 20.1 Food Industry 4.2 3.1 34.5 14.2 11.0 28.8 Retail  foodservice  other 8.5 5.5 53.7 24.2 17.4 38.8 Machinery trading Russia 2.0 -100.0 0.0 7.3 -100.0 Vulganus 0.7 -100.0 4.3 4.1 4.9 Leipurin total 41.3 31.7 30.4 130.6 113.1 15.5Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.6 0.9 3.5 3.6 Over time 62.7 53.8 241.9 187.8 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko At a point in time 59.1 73.5 267.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.3 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 41.3 29.7 127.3 107.5 Over time 0.0 2.0 3.3 5.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total At a point in time 101.0 104.1 397.8 379.6 Over time 62.8 55.9 245.6 193.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales by market area 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.6 20.2 121.5 84.3 Scandinavia 11.9 17.4 58.5 54.1 Baltic countries 0.6 2.3 2.9 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.6 1.3 2.5 Other countries 18.2 14.2 61.2 47.0 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko Finland 13.7 12.4 53.5 47.6 Scandinavia 14.1 14.1 61.7 52.4 Baltic countries 7.6 5.0 28.2 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 15.4 34.0 91.3 117.3 Other countries 8.4 8.1 32.7 31.1 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.3 12.8 49.4 43.3 Scandinavia 12.6 0.7 17.4 2.9 Baltic countries 10.0 8.7 36.7 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.2 9.3 25.6 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.5 0.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total Finland 58.6 45.4 224.4 175.2 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 137.6 109.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16.0 67.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 118.2 155.2 Other countries 26.8 22.5 95.4 78.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Acquisition of Kobia AB Leipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit rate was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transactions are significantly affected by market conditions. The purchase price of EUR 15.7 million was paid fully in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.7 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.4 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 2.2 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.1 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses. Acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 12/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.7 Total consideration 15.7 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value Intangible assets 0.8 Tangible assets 13.6 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.3 Total liabilities 8.9 Net assets acquired 15.6 Goodwill 0.1 Acquisition of Johan Steenks Telko completed the acquisition of the operations of the Norwegian company Johan Steenks AS on October 3  2022. Johan Steenks is a distributor of technical plastic raw materials and additives for plastics  and it has an established customer base in the Norwegian markets and a number of well-known principals. The company’s annual net sales are roughly EUR 5 million. The business acquisition had no significant impact on Telko’s net sales or results during the final quarter of the year. The purchase price was approximately EUR 2.0 million  of which EUR 0.7 million were allocated to inventories and the remaining EUR 1.3 million were recognized as an increase in goodwill. The cash flow from the acquisition in 2022 was EUR -1.9 million.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale In October 17  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the Russian authorities. Telko’s company in Russia has been classified as held for sale since October 2022 when the preliminary agreement on the sale was signed. Telko’s company in Belarus has been classified as held for sale since December 2022 when the agreement on the sale was signed with the company’s acting management. Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan have been classified as held for sale since December 31  2022 when their divestment started to seem probable. A binding preliminary agreement on their sale was signed on January 17  2023 with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. The Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo and classified as held for sale in December 2021. Vulganus was sold to KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH  the leading manufacturer of bakery machines in Austria  on June 30  2022. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million   are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard  and its figures are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. Kauko Oy was sold to Signal Partners Oy on October 31  2022. Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Materials and services -0.6 -2.3 -6.9 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.2 -0.4 -1.5 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 0.0 -1.3 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 Other operating expenses -1.1 -0.4 -2.2 -1.2 Operating profit -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Profit before taxes -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 0.0 Profit for the period -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of the Kauko operating segment  to the extent that they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to the Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations for the financial year is EUR 0.3 (0.4) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. The profit from discontinued operations also includes the EUR -1.2 million loss on sale of Kauko Oy recognized during the fourth quarter. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter of 2021. Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.6 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -1.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -3.2 -1.2 Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. The cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy in 2022 was EUR -1.0 million  and it is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The costs to sell of EUR -0.4 million are included in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consists of repayments of interest-bearing loans. Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 5.5 Other assets held for sale 12.4 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 3.9 6.8 On the balance sheet  the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period have not been restated. In 2022  assets and liabilities classified as held for sale included the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale in eastern markets. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the companies held for sale  excluding internal assets and liabilities that have been eliminated. In 2021  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations included the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale at the end of 2021 consisted of Vulganus Oy’s assets and liabilities. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended on December 1  2021  for Kauko and Vulganus when they were classified as held for sale. The depreciation and amortization expense was recognized as part of sales losses in conjunction with the divestment of the companies. Telko Russia was classified as held for sale on October 31  2022  and the other companies held for sale in eastern markets on December 31  2022. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended at the time of the classification as held for sale. At the time of classification as held for sale  the net assets of the companies in eastern markets were measured at fair value less cost to sell  which was lower than the carrying amount. As a result  an impairment loss of EUR 9.4 million was recognized in the Telko segment and EUR 5.2 million in the Leipurin segment during the fourth quarter  which are reported as part of the Telko and Leipurin segments’ figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations. Impairment losses in income statement 2022 Telko Leipurin Total MEUR MEUR MEUR Impairment losses  tangible and intangible assets 0.6 1.1 1.7 Impairment losses  leased assets 0.8 0.1 0.9 Materials and services 4.8 2.4 7.2 Other operating expenses 3.1 1.4 4.5 Income taxes 0.0 0.2 0.3 Total 9.4 5.2 14.6 The impairment losses recognized on the assets of the companies in eastern markets were mainly allocated to inventories  accounts receivable  and cash and cash equivalents. In addition  an impairment loss was recognized on goodwill  determined in based on the ratio between the fair values of the divested companies and the segment. Restricted cash and cash equivalents In Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 13.5 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group is EUR 11.5 million  as an impairment loss of EUR 2.0 million was recognized on the cash and cash equivalents in conjunction with the IFRS 5 classification of the companies in Russia. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. It was still possible to pay dividends and make commercial payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. According to our understanding  the purchase prices of the operations held for sale in eastern markets can be transferred in conjunction with their sale. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  which is why they must be considered restricted cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7. Events after the review period On January 17  2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell all shares in its subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan to Timur Akhiyarov. Russian-born Akhiyarov will invest in Leipurin’s operations in eastern markets as a private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. Rights to Leipurin’s name and trademarks are not included in the transaction. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. The Belarusian subsidiaries of Telko and Leipurin have been added to the list of companies whose transfer of shares are prohibited by a decision issued by the Council of Ministers of Belarus at the end of January 2023. Because of this  it is deemed unlikely that the sale of Telko's Belarusian business would proceed. This does not change Aspo Group's previously published assessment of the financial effects of the divestment. Leipurin’s Belarusian subsidiary is part of an agreement according to which the share capitals of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan would be sold to the same buyer. The decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus does not change the previously published assessment of the financial effects of the transaction  nor does it prevent the sale of Leipurin’s Russian and Kazakh subsidiaries. On January 31  Telko acquired a Polish distribution company Eltrex. Eltrex is a distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  and its annual net sales are approximately 8 million euros and operating profit slightly under one million euros. On February 9  2023  Leipurin completed a sale and lease back agreement for its warehouse property in Gothenburg  Sweden. The property came into Leipurin’s ownership via the Kobia acquisition that took place on 1 September 2022. The buyer of the property is Revelop  a Swedish real estate investor. As a result of the sale and lease back transaction  Aspo recognizes a sales gain of approximately EUR 0.4 million. According to the terms of the agreement  Leipurin leases the property for five years. The transaction is close to cost neutral  as the depreciation expense of the assets owned will be replaced by depreciation and interest expense for the leased assets of similar size. Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcBoard of Directors Press and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on February 15  2023 at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing johanna.ahtiainen@aspo.com. The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the conference. The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/full_year_result_2022. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009756. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 900 professionals. Attachment Aspo Financial Statement Release 2022All news about ASPO OYJ 02/15 Aspo Oyj : Q4 2022 - Presentation PU 02/15 Transcript : Aspo Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 15  2023 CI 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan GL 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan AQ 02/15 Correction : Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 GL 02/15 Correction : Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 GL 02/15 Aspo Plc Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Proposes Second Dividend Distribution  Payable on November 2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Proposes Dividend for the Year 2022  Payable on April 17  2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Announces Stepdown of Mammu Kaari From Board Member and Chairman of the Audit .. CI Financials EUR USD Sales 2022 636 M 679 M 679 M Net income 2022 27 9 M 29 7 M 29 7 M Net Debt 2022 147 M 156 M 156 M P/E ratio 2022 10 8x Yield 2022 5 52% Capitalization 263 M 281 M 281 M EV / Sales 2022 0 64x EV / Sales 2023 0 65x Nbr of Employees 936 Free-Float 59 1% Chart ASPO OYJ Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends ASPO OYJ Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bullish Neutral Bullish Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus OUTPERFORM Number of Analysts 2 Last Close Price 8 39 € Average target price 9 80 € Spread / Average Target 16 8% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Rolf Jansson Chief Executive Officer Arto Juhani Meitsalo Chief Financial Officer Heikki Seppo Westerlund Chairman Mammu Marja Liisa Kaario Deputy Chairman Mikael Laine Independent Director Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) ASPO OYJ 2.32% 281 AIR LIQUIDE 10.11% 81 240 SAUDI BASIC INDUSTRIES CORPORATION 5.82% 75 646 WANHUA CHEMICAL GROUP CO.  LTD. 7.30% 45 559 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 20.57% 32 598 GANFENG LITHIUM GROUP CO.  LTD. 10.32% 21 463,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'Correction', 'January', 'December', 'GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Correction', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Aspo Oyj News Summary', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'key employee incentive plan', 'original stock exchange release', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'strong financial performance', 'Homepage Equities Finland', 'multiple email addresses', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Free cash flow', 'Other operations', 'increasing dividend distribution', '2022 financial year', 'Net cash', 'Key figures', 'Aspo Plc', 'total Aspo', 'operating activities', 'Report Report', 'corresponding period', 'net sales', 'previous year', 'ESL Shipping', 'continuing operations', 'later date', 'discontinued operations', 'Dividend proposal', 'First name', 'maximum amount', 'More information', '2022 Earnings Call', 'list', 'EST', 'Presentation', 'Transcript', 'Feb', 'Board', 'Directors', 'January', 'December', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '9:30 a', 'guidance', 'CEO', 'review', 'section', 'entirety', 'brackets', 'level', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'payment', 'dividends', 'aim', 'April', 'addition', 'EUR', '10:50', '2023', '2021']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18501,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608358/0/en/Correction-Aspo-Group-financial-statement-release-January-1-December-31-2022.html,Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022,Aspo Plc Inside information               February 15  2023  at 10:50 am  Correction: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31 ...,English FinnishAspo PlcInside informationFebruary 15  2023  at 10:50 amCorrection: Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022Aspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on February 15  2023  at 9:30 a.m. In the original stock exchange release  guidance for 2023 was incorrectly commented on in the CEO’s review. Guidance for 2023 was correct in the section reserved for it and is as follows: Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023. Below the corrected release in its entirety.Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets.October–December 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales remained at the previous year’s level  being EUR 164.6 (163.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 (13.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 6.9% (8.5%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.6 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.7) million.Items affecting the comparability of the operating profit totaled EUR -16.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR -3.7 (8.7) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was -2.3% (5.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.2 (9.8) million  Telko EUR -7.7 (4.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million.Earnings per share were EUR -0.21 (0.17).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 22.0 (10.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 16.5 (4.1) million.January–December 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales increased by 11% to EUR 652.6 (586.4) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 55.3 (42.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 20.8 (21.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.3 (1.9) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -24.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR 33.9 (36.9) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.3% (6.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 38.1 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 7.3 (20.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million.Earnings per share were EUR 0.61 (0.76).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million.Guidance for 2023Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the payment of dividendsAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date. Therefore  a maximum of EUR 0.46 (0.45) would be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year.More information about the proposed dividend distribution is available under section “Dividend proposal”.Key figures 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 38.1 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 7.3 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 -4.8 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -1.9 -1.9 -6.7 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % -2.3 5.4 5.3 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 22.0 10.7 67.7 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR 16.5 4.1 34.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 15.2 20.8 Equity ratio  % 34.7 32.0 Gearing  % 108.4 131.0 Equity per share  EUR 4.58 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2022:In the light of financial figures  2022 was a success and in many ways record-breaking. Aspo Group’s net sales increased to EUR 652.6 million  up by roughly 11% from the previous year. The comparable operating profit for 2022 increased to a record EUR 55.3 million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 8.5%. Both the increase in net sales and our comparable operating profit exceeded the financial targets set for the Group.Aspo’s net sales in October–December stood at EUR 164.6 million  and the comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 million. ESL Shipping especially supported the positive development of net sales and operating profit  with its record-breaking fourth quarter crowning its overall excellent year. The strong growth of Leipurin’s net sales during the fourth quarter was supported not only by high inflation rates  but also by the acquisition of the Swedish company Kobia AB at the beginning of September. Telko’s comparable operating profit in October–December was below the normal level which was due to the direct and reflected effects of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Eastern trade. Apart from the eastern markets  Telko’s net sales developed positively.The year 2022 turned out to be highly different from what we still assumed at the beginning of the year. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine dramatically changed the lives of many of our employees  and our entire operating environment changed drastically.Already in spring  we decided to withdraw from all our operations in Russia and from other selected eastern markets. The prerequisites for responsible business had vanished  and it became clear that we would set our sights even more firmly on western markets in accordance with our strategy updated at the end of 2021. We will continue to operate in Ukraine  and we want to support its development and do our part to help rebuild the country.In summer  we divested Leipurin’s machinery business Vulganus  and at the end of October  the divestment of Kauko was finalized. At the same time  we focused on developing our key businesses through acquisitions according to our compounder strategy  of which the acquisition of Kobia by Leipurin and Telko’s recent acquisitions were the most significant. During the year  we also made strategic investments  the most important of which was ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in new Green Coaster vessels using a pooling arrangement.We are heading to 2023 from a good position  and we will continue the determined implementation of our strategy. I believe that we can generate strong cash flow even in this challenging market environment and  in accordance with our financial guidance  we expect Aspo’s comparable operating profit to be higher than EUR 35 million in 2023. We continue to boost organic growth through strategic acquisitions.Thanks for Aspo’s excellent results in 2022 go to our entire personnel. I am particularly pleased and grateful for the dedication our personnel showed in supporting our colleagues in areas ravaged by the war and in ensuring their safety.ASPO GROUPFinancial results and targetsAspo’s financial targets announced on December 1  2021:Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130%With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%.In 2022  the Group’s targets were reached well overall. Aspo Group’s operating profit increased by 11%. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%)  clearly exceeding the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained at the level of 15.2% (20.8%) due to the items affecting comparability of EUR -24.1 million that mainly consisted of additional costs and impairment losses arising from Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  and whose negative impact on return on equity was roughly 15.6 percentage points. Aspo’s gearing decreased to 108.4% (131.0%)  well below the target level.Aspo Group’s comparable result for continuing and discontinued operationsAspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These include impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine.In December 2021  Aspo announced that Kauko operating segment was defined not being part of Aspo’s core operations  and Kauko was classified as a discontinued operation. On October 31  2022  Kauko was divested outside the Group  and its accumulated earnings until that date and the divestment loss are presented in the profit from discontinued operations  separate from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. However  Kauko’s results are included in Aspo Group’s total figures and comparable operating profit.Telko’s companies in Russia and Belarus  and Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan are classified as held for sale in the 2022 financial statements (eastern businesses held for sale below). The results of the eastern businesses held for sale are reported as part of Telko and Leipurin  as well as Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The assets and liabilities of the eastern businesses held for sale are presented on the balance sheet separately as assets and liabilities held for sale. When the eastern businesses were classified as held for sale  they were measured at fair value less cost to sell  resulting in the recognition of impairment losses totaling EUR 14.5 million in the fourth quarter  reported as items affecting comparability. On divestment  the recognition of the translation differences of the eastern businesses as part of sales losses as well as a possible change the fair value of the eastern businesses compared with the estimates made in the financial statements will also have a negative impact on the operating profit. On the closing date  the amount of the translation differences of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR -11.8 million. The amount fluctuates according to changes in exchange rates until the date of sale. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the result for the period has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity.Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Operating profit  Group total -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % -2.9 5.4 4.8 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 10 2 9 8 38 1 26 8 Telko  operating profit -7 7 4 4 7 3 20 4 Leipurin  operating profit -4 3 -3 6 -4 8 -2 4 Other operations  operating profit -1 9 -1 9 -6 7 -7 9 Operating profit from continuing operations -3 7 8 7 33 9 36 9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1 1 0 1 -2 7 -3 0 Operating profit  Group total -4 8 8 8 31 2 33 9 Items affecting comparability*) -16 1 -5 1 -24 1 -8 5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11 3 13 9 55 3 42 4*) Items affecting comparability  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Kauko Total Shipping operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Impairment losses -9 3 -5 0 -1 3 -15 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 8 -1 1 -0 6 -2 5 Divestment losses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -2 0 Total 0 7 -13 5 -8 1 -0 7 -2 5 -24 1In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million  and they are reported in the profit from discontinued operations. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million.Of the items affecting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -16.1 million  EUR -14.3 million were related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences. Of the items  EUR -0.4 million were recognized for the ESL Shipping segment  EUR -9.0 for Telko  and EUR -5.0 million for Leipurin. Items affecting comparability relating to reorganizations were EUR -0.4 million in the Leipurin segment and EUR -0.1 million in other operations. In addition  Kauko’s sales loss of EUR -1.2 million is included in the items affecting comparability and reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.Items affecting the comparability in 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.SustainabilitySustainability is a material factor which guides Aspo’s management system and especially the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be pioneers in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) goals for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2e (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) is 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping invests in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is significant in terms of monetary value  but above all  it helps the shipping company move towards its emissions target.During the past 12 months  emission intensity improved further to 0.33 (0.42)  driven by the increase in net sales and operational efficiency.Another key goal was a higher level of safety  with the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) being 8.1 (8.8) during the past 12 months. Even though TRIF improved from the previous year  we did not reach the target of 7.0 set for 2022.Aspo regularly assesses the satisfaction of employees with their own tasks  the quality of management  and Aspo as an employer by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. In 2021  Aspo started to use the People Power index  a new method of measuring job satisfaction  and it was also included in the Group’s sustainability goals. The operating environment remained fairly challenging in all businesses  and job satisfaction decreased slightly  while still being high: the Group achieved the rating of AA in 2022 (2021: AA+). However  the targeted level of AA+ was not achieved unlike in 2021.Aspo’s internal Compliance and Code of Conduct training includes anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. Aspo’s goal is that all of the Group’s personnel complete the training every year. In 2022  approximately 100% (89%) of the Group’s employees completed Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (88%) completed Compliance training.Operating environment and the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo’s operationsAspo’s operating environment changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The invasion has caused considerable general uncertainties in markets  higher interest rates  lower trust among consumers  price inflation  higher energy prices in particular  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates.Significantly suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The considerable damage to the energy distribution infrastructure in Ukraine made the situation even worse during the second half of 2022. The war drastically reduces operating conditions in eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  and selected values in particular. Aspo’s decision to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets  combined with the sanctions related to the war  has also reshaped Aspo’s logistics flows and operating models.ESL Shipping’s all operations have been suspended in Russia  and the released vessel capacity has been transferred to other operating areas. Telko has signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. At the end of 2022  Telko also signed a binding preliminary agreement on the sale of its subsidiary in Belarus to a member of its current management. A binding preliminary agreement was also signed with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor  after the end of the financial year on the sale of Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan.Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan stood at EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 4% of Aspo Group’s net sales. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus stood at EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 9% of Aspo Group’s net sales. The consolidated net sales of Telko and Leipurin in these countries accounted for roughly 13% of Aspo Group’s net sales in 2022 (16% of net sales in 2021).The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent the transportation of goods and the transfer of payments which has reduced the net sales and profitability of the operations in Russia. In addition  decreases in the companies’ operations and personnel have reduced Russia’s role in Aspo’s business operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight.The equity of the group companies in Russia is EUR 20.5 (16.6) million  comprising 14.3% (12.8%) of Aspo Group’s total equity. In Aspo Group  EUR 12.2 million in impairment losses associated with the equity of Russian companies have been recognized in the financial statements. Aspo’s assets in Russia mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents  inventories and accounts receivable. The number of employees in Aspo Group’s companies in Russia is decreasing  being 105 (193) at the end of the year.Rising interest and inflation rates  as well as weaker general economic estimates  have affected consumers’ purchasing behavior  for example  so that consumers have shifted from more expensive to more affordable products.While the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the news  it still has an impact on Aspo’s operating environment. For example  the global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on certain Aspo’s businesses  decelerating sales and the completion of orders. The markets are also characterized by disruptions in logistics flows and the low availability of certain products. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations especially among ESL Shipping’s crew members.Net sales by market area  continuing operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Share 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 58.6 45.4 35.8 224.4 175.2 34.9 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 23.6 137.6 109.4 21.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16 11.1 67.8 54.8 10.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 13.2 118.2 155.2 18.4 Other countries 26.8 22.5 16.3 95.4 78.7 14.8 Total 163.8 160 100 643.4 573.3 100During 2022  Aspo has reported its net sales by market area with the following division: Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The eastern markets’ share of total net sales continued to decrease during the fourth quarter of 2022  mainly due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and decisions to downsize operations in Russia and withdraw from the market as planned. As a result of the withdrawal from Russia  the division of Aspo’s main market areas will change at the beginning of 2023. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will direct its growth investments at western markets  and the eastern markets’ share of Aspo’s total net sales already decreased to 13.2% in the fourth quarter.Cash flow and financingThe Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–December was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. The cash flow of all businesses showed positive development during the year. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -6.7 (-22.0) million. The increase in working capital mainly comes from the advance payments for the vessels to be built in the ESL Shipping segment’s vessel pool and the customer receivables accumulated through high sales at the end of the year. This was partly compensated by the Telko segment’s working capital  which improved towards the year end. The free cash flow in January–December was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million. The amount of investments of EUR -17.8 (-15.9) million mainly included the ESL Shipping segment’s dockages and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the cash flow from investing activities includes EUR -17.9 million cash outflow on the acquisitions of Kobia  Mentum and Johan Steenks and a total of EUR 2.8 million in cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus as the most significant items.12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 189.2 187.3 Cash and cash equivalents 33.5 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 155.7 169.6Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 155.7 (169.6) million and gearing fell to 108.4% (131.0%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.7% (32.0%). The balance sheet strengthened as a result of improved profitability and the new hybrid instrument issued in June.Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -6.3 (-3.9) million. Exchange rate changes  especially the strengthened value of the Russian ruble  increased financial expenses by EUR 1.6 million from the previous year. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 3.3% (1.4%).The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 33.5 (17.7) at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 11.8 million. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained wholly unused (5).During 2022  Aspo extended its maturity structure for interest-bearing loans. In September  AtoBatC AB signed an EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan’s maturity is 15 years  and it has not yet been withdrawn. The loan  together with the ten-year loan agreement of EUR 20 million singed in June with the Nordic Investment Bank  of which EUR 19.6 million have been withdrawn  finances ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The project was launched in September 2021. In addition  Aspo restructured a bilateral bank loan of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new bilateral revolving credit facility which will mature in 2025. The loan agreement also includes two options for a one-year extension.In June  Aspo issued a new EUR 30 million hybrid instrument  with a coupon rate of 8.75% per annum. The hybrid instrument has no maturity  but the company may exercise an early redemption option in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s earlier hybrid instrument of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operationsAspo and its subsidiaries are exposed to various risks and uncertainties  which are mainly identified and managed in Aspo's businesses. The most important risks and preparedness for them are summarized and reported to Aspo's Board of Directors through Aspo's Audit Committee.Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causes significant geopolitical uncertainties. It affects the general economic environment  including inflation  energy and raw material prices  interest rates  and consumers’ trust.The ongoing process to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets will change the Group’s structure significantly and will affect the revenue model of Aspo’s businesses in the long term. There are risks that the withdrawal from the selected markets causes additional costs or losses  and that funds cannot be transferred from the markets or that the withdrawal is unsuccessful in full or in part. It is also possible that the official approvals required for the withdrawal from the markets are not obtained for example due to changes is legislation or that they are at risk or fail for some other reason.Financial activities and the prevailing geopolitical uncertainties have caused the prices of many raw materials  components and logistics services to rise rapidly. While Aspo may benefit from the price increases temporarily  the prices of raw materials or rental capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disruptions in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes are also increasing risks. The rapid increase in inflation has generally caused pressure for salary increases  which in Finland can lead to labor disputes  which can also negatively affect Aspo's businesses.International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may also affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. The geopolitical tensions may escalate and cause a direct adverse impact on business operations  put payments at risk and even suspend business operations. If escalated  cyber incidents and disruptions in information systems may cause damage to business operations.In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its steady profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary deterioration in the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial resources and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability.The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on Aspo’s operations has been limited at the group level  even though it has been significant in the Leipurin segment. The current and any new coronavirus variants and their rapid spread may suspend business operations and cause financial losses through stoppages in global logistics chains  among other factors.Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESS OPERATIONSESL ShippingESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 41 vessels with a total capacity of 425 000 deadweight tonnage (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (80% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 16 vessels (18%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 63.3 54.7 16 245.4 191.4 28 Operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 4 38.1 26.8 42 Operating profit  % 16.1 17.9 15.5 14.0 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.4 0.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 10.6 9.8 8 37.4 26.8 40 Comparable operating profit  % 16.7 17.9 15.2 14.0The fourth quarter of 2022 marked the best quarter in ESL Shipping’s history measured by the operating profit. Net sales increased by 16% from the previous year to EUR 63.3 (54.7) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter increased by 8% to record-breaking EUR 10.6 (9.8) million. The operating profit of EUR 10.2 (9.8) million includes EUR -0.4 million in expenses associated with suspended operations in Russia.High demand in the shipping company’s main market areas  the shipping company’s long-term partnership strategy and the successful operations of the onshore and offshore personnel enabled the excellent results. Weather conditions were also favorable for operations. The comparable operating profit rate of 16.7% (17.9%) achieved during the fourth quarter was once again excellent. During the quarter  the prices of diesel and liquefied natural gas (LNG) used as ship fuels decreased from the previous quarter  while remaining roughly twice as high as in the comparative period. The high level of fuel surcharges increased net sales and reduced the operating profit rate  which is used as an indicator of relative profitability.During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The volume development was based on the transfer of raw material deliveries away from Russia which has extended transportation distances especially for energy coal. The final quarter is also normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation involving the security of supply  the low availability of biofuels and longer transportation distances  the percentage of energy coal from all transportation operations tripled during the fourth quarter from the comparative period.The profitability of all the shipping company’s vessel categories was excellent during the fourth quarter. In fourth quarter  production plants of several contractual customers underwent relatively large maintenance stoppages and restricted production due to lower demand and high energy costs. High demand experienced in the energy industry enabled the vessels to continue to operate at full capacity during the fourth quarter. The spot cargo market decreased in all customer segments and vessel categories during the quarter. After operations in Russia were suspended  demand for ESL Shipping’s loading and unloading operations for vessels at sea shifted to the southern Baltic Sea where it was maintained by the high demand for energy coal transportation during the fourth quarter and congestion at ports suitable for large ocean liners.Six time-chartered vessels of the smaller vessel category were redelivered to their owners as the charter agreements ended at the end of the fourth quarter and as the price of an extended charter period became too high.The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB    at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. The first four new vessels are already under construction  and the first vessel is to be delivered during fall 2023.One larger vessel was docked for seven days during the fourth quarter and one smaller vessel was out of service for 26 days. In 2022  dockage days totaled 141 (229).The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December increased from the comparative period by 28% to EUR 245.4 (191.4) million. The comparable operating profit was the highest in the company’s history at EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 15.2% (14.0%). The operating profit rate clearly exceeded the long-term target of 14%. Comparability was affected by the gain from the sale of the barge Espa and costs associated with the suspended operations in Russia. Their impact on net results was EUR 0.7 million and  as a result  ESL Shipping’s operating profit amounted to EUR 38.1 (26.8) million and its operating profit rate was 15.5% (14.0%) for 2022 as a whole.The shipping company’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The aim is to halve carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. During 2022  ESL Shipping transported 14.7 (14.8) million tons of cargo  and its vessels consumed 819 988 (898 158) MWh of energy. CO2 emissions per transported ton decreased by 7.5% to 0.015 (0.016) tons of carbon dioxide per ton of cargo. The new energy-efficient operating models applied to port visits supported the positive development.ESL Shipping outlook for 2023General macroeconomic uncertainties have increased in ESL Shipping’s main market areas. Higher inflation and slower economic growth increase demand and pricing pressure among the shipping company’s main customers. Finland’s labor market may experience unrest during the spring  and its impact through overtime bans and strikes may be significant on key customers and especially on the effectiveness of the transport chain.Global demand estimates in sea transportation markets and price levels of spot markets have decreased considerably from the previous year. On the other hand  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for round-the-year operations in the Baltic Sea is limited. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main customers is expected to be satisfactory  albeit slightly lower than in the previous year. Demand for energy deliveries outside Finland is expected to remain high during the first half of the year. In the forest industry  pulp delivery volumes are looking positive  but only satisfactory for sawn goods. Volumes are looking satisfactory in the steel industry. Now that deliveries of Russian raw materials have stopped  certain of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers are forced to seek new suppliers for part of their production input required in new geographic areas. Not all of these procurement routes have yet become stabilized which may cause an imbalance in ESL Shipping’s operations. The role of energy coal transportation is expected to decrease significantly when the preparation situation returns to normal and demand shifts towards other energy forms.The majority of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the Supramax vessels. Currently  the expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels do not meet the realities in the shipping company’s main market areas which may cause further uncertainties in the availability of a suitable and sufficient tonnage. The impact of rising energy prices on ESL Shipping’s costs is compensated effectively through fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements.Surveys show that ESL Shipping’s customer satisfaction is at an excellent level  similarly to the personnel’s commitment and job satisfaction. Activities to further improve customer and employee satisfaction  sustainability and occupational safety will continue.The shipping company’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping will continue the development of a fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in line with the green transition and the vessels designed for it in cooperation with its key customers. The shipping company is participating in projects aimed to produce green hydrogen through renewable electricity and to further process it as fossil-free fuel for the shipping company’s vessels.During 2023  four larger and two smaller vessels will be docked for a total of approximately 100 days.TelkoTelko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China.In October 2022  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. In December  Telko finalized the preliminary agreement to divest its subsidiary in Belarus  to a member of its current management. Both business transactions still need to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 59.2 73.6 -20 267.4 268.8 -1 Operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 -275 7.3 20.4 -64 Operating profit  % -13.0 6.0 2.7 7.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -9.0 -0.8 -13.5 -0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 5.2 -75 20.8 21.2 -2 Comparable operating profit  % 2.2 7.1 7.8 7.9During the fourth quarter  Telko’s net sales decreased steeply to EUR 59.2 (73.6) million. Telko’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased after sales in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine dropped substantially from the previous year. Telko’s net sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased. Demand remained stable in Telko’s all business operations.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and the operating profit rate was 2.2% (7.1%). Net sales and operating profit decreased from the previous year  especially due to weak development and negative results in Russia. Telko’s result for the fourth quarter includes items affecting comparability  which reduced Telko’s operating profit by EUR 9.0 million in total. Impairment losses regarding companies in Russia and Belarus of EUR 9.3 million and other expenses of EUR 0.2 million were recognized relating to the withdrawal from Russia. In addition  the credit loss provision recognized from accounts receivable in Ukraine was reversed by EUR 0.5 million. The combined comparable operating profit of the above countries was slightly negative during the fourth quarter.Telko’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR -7.7 (4.4) million. The operating profit rate was -13.0% (6.0%). Impairment losses associated with inventories  exchange rate losses  and costs related to corporate restructuring also had a negative impact on the operating profit.The net sales of the plastics business decreased by 25% during the fourth quarter to EUR 29.6 (39.7) million  mainly due to the decrease in Telko’s operations in Russia. In Telko’s European markets  demand for plastic polymers remained at a normal level in general. Sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased slightly  regardless of the downward trend in prices. While the steep decline in the prices of volume plastics turned to an increase during the fourth quarter  the prices are still lower than during the corresponding period in the previous year. The prices of technical plastics decreased slightly during the fourth quarter but were clearly above the comparative period’s level. The acquisition of the operations of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of technical plastic raw materials and plastics  increased the net sales of the plastics business during the fourth quarter  while it had no significant impact on results.During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 32% to EUR 15.9 (23.4) million. Sales decreased steeply in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. The weak development especially in Ukraine resulted from the disruptions in the electricity distribution infrastructure due to the war which directly limited production. Total sales in other countries increased significantly  regardless of the decrease in prices. Prices started to increase during the fourth quarter. Telko’s chemicals business is divided between several customer groups which evens out any fluctuations in demand.During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the lubricants business increased by 31% to EUR 13.7 (10.5) million. Sales increased in all key product groups. The increase in sales resulted from high price levels  the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021  and very positively developed sales of industrial lubricants. Prices of lubricants increased slightly during the fourth quarter. Russia’s invasion in Ukraine did not have any direct impact on the lubricants business.Telko’s net sales in January–December decreased by 1% to EUR 267.4 (268.8) million. The full-year comparable operating profit of EUR 20.8 million was only slightly lower than the previous year’s record-high comparable operating profit (21.2). The comparable operating profit rate remained high at 7.8% (7.9%). Exchange rate losses of EUR 2.5 million reduced the operating profit.Telko’s full-year operating profit fell by 64% to EUR 7.3 (20.4) million. The operating profit rate was 2.7% (7.6%). Results decreased due to the warehouse destroyed in Ukraine  the impairment losses associated with companies in Russia and Belarus  and other costs arising from the withdrawal from Russia  which totaled EUR -13.5 million and have been reported as items affecting comparability.Telko outlook for 2023As announced previously  Telko has agreed to divest its operations in Russia and Belarus. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus were EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022. Both sales transactions require approval by the local authorities. Telko expects the Russian transaction to be completed during the first quarter of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved.In 2023  Telko’s net sales and profit will be significantly lower than in the previous year due to the changed situation in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. In other countries  demand is expected to remain moderate  even though there will be differences between businesses.The prices of plastics and chemicals decreased steeply during the latter half of 2022  while still being clearly above the long-term average. It is assumed that the most significant price corrections took place during 2022  but the prices are expected to decrease slightly during the first half if energy prices do not experience a considerable increase. In high added value products  on which Telko focuses in accordance with its strategy  price changes are typically more moderate. Significant changes in prices have a short-term impact on margins. Demand for lubricants is expected to remain stable  and prices are expected to increase at least during the first half of 2023.In western markets  demand will involve uncertainties during the next few months. Demand indices have decreased in the construction and automotive industries in Europe. High energy prices and inflation rates will affect demand during the next few months  in particular. At the end of the year  demand will  above all  be affected by the general development of purchasing power in Europe. The lifting of coronavirus restrictions in China is expected to increase local demand. In addition  higher demand in China may have an impact on global price development during the first part of the year. In Central Asia  demand is expected to remain relatively high. Sales in Ukraine will be lower during the first half than in the previous year  while they are expected to be at the 2022 level during the rest of the year  depending completely on the development of the war.Telko will continue its activities to improve its operational efficiency and scalability. Inflation causes general increases in costs. On the other hand  cargo expenses  especially in Asia  will be materially lower than in the previous year.The recent structural arrangements continued when Telko announced on January 31  2023  that it will acquire Eltrex  a Polish company specialized in the distribution of chemicals. According to its strategy  Telko continues to accelerate its growth through acquisitions in addition to organic growth.LeipurinLeipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four business units  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  Baltics  and East. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. The Leipurin segment’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. The Leipurin segment uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners.On April 22  2022  Aspo announced that Leipurin will withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. In January 2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell its subsidiaries in these countries to a private investor. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period.10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 41.3 31.7 30 130.6 113.1 15 Operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 19 -4.8 -2.4 100 Operating profit  % -10.4 -11.4 -3.7 -2.1 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -5.4 -4.3 -8.1 -4.3 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 3.3 1.9 74 Comparable operating profit  % 2.7 2.2 2.5 1.7 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 4.1 2.4 71 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 2.7 2.3 3.2 2.2Leipurin’s operations were still affected by the restrictions in eastern markets due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the high price inflation in global raw material markets  and challenges related to the availability of raw materials.Leipurin’s total net sales increased by 30% during the fourth quarter to EUR 41.3 (31.7) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 2.7 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy. The Finland business unit’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 12.2 (11.3) million. In the Baltics  net sales increased by 18% to EUR 10.0 (8.5) million. Net sales of the East business unit decreased by 32% to EUR 6.2 (9.1) million due to the reduced product range  consisting only of local procurement. The decrease in the net sales of the East business unit was also significantly affected by the decrease in operations in Ukraine down to roughly 9% from the comparative year’s level. Sweden was established as a new business unit as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  and it accounted for EUR 12.9 million and approximately 31% of Leipurin’s net sales in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 41% to EUR 28.6 (20.3) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 35% to EUR 4.2 (3.1) million.The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets continued to have a significant impact on Leipurin’s sales during the fourth quarter. Measured in kilograms  the decrease in sales intensified in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics  whereas sales continued to be roughly half of the previous year’s level in the East business unit. The weak volume development is mainly driven by the decrease in consumers’ trust in the current market situation  in which energy costs and interest rates are especially rising steeply. The significant increase in living expenses continued in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics which reduced the inflation-adjusted sales volume of retail and strengthened the shift in consumers’ demand towards more affordable products. The positive development of profit margins continued  regardless of the negative trends in volumes.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.3%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -5.4 (-4.3) million  included costs and impairment losses arising from the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan  and costs associated with the reorganization of Leipurin’s group operations. The comparability of the comparative period was affected by animpairment loss recognized on goodwill. Leipurin’s operating loss for the fourth quarter was EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million. Reversal of a fair value allocation of inventories amounting to EUR -0.5 million which arised from the acquisition of Kobia  had a negative impact on the operating profit.In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 130.6 (113.1) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 11.4 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy  which were EUR 7.1 million higher than in 2022  but the increase in raw material sales in western markets was particularly strong during the review period compared to the corresponding period in the previous year. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2022 was EUR 3.3 (1.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.7%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 4.1 (2.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.2% (2.2%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -8.1 (-4.3) million  were mainly related to the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the acquisition of Kobia  and the divestment of Vulganus. The reported operating profit was negative at EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million. Kobia’s impact on Leipurin’s operating profit was still negative due to the reversal of the EUR 0.5 million fair value allocation of inventories related to the acquisition.Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The loss arising from the divestment and the expenses related to it  totaling EUR -0.4 million  are reported under the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Leipurin acquired all shares in Kobia AB  a Swedish distributor in the bakery industry  from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia AB comprises Leipurin’s new Sweden business unit  and it has been included in Aspo Group’s figures since September 1  2022. Kobia’s annual net sales are approximately EUR 50 million  and its operating profit rate is roughly 3%. The acquisition strengthens Leipurin’s position as the leading company in the Baltic Sea region.Leipurin outlook for 2023The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and results. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022. The divestment of the operations in the eastern markets still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Leipurin expects the transaction to be completed during the first half of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved.The expansion to Sweden through the acquisition of Kobia AB will increase Leipurin’s annual net sales by roughly EUR 50 million and produce considerable synergy benefits in the development of the product range  and in the supply chain and procurement. It also enables partners to be served in a larger geographic area. The integration of operations has progressed according to plans.Inflation and the rising energy prices  in particular  have a negative impact on demand for more expensive products  potentially presenting profitability challenges among the bakery segment’s customers. The decreased purchasing power may have a negative impact on demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers prefer more affordable products.The upward trend is expected to continue in the prices of main raw material categories  even though the rapid inflation during the review period is expected to decelerate considerably. This is expected to take place during the first half of 2023.Despite these challenges  Leipurin sees that the market will offer a highly stable environment in the long term and also opportunities for organic growth in selected market segments. In addition  the profitability program that was launched earlier develops the organization's ability to lead with information and helps to improve financial performance in particular. The program focuses both on selected growth clusters and on improving the efficiency of operations. This program is expected to contribute to improving Leipurin’s financial development.The impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic on the global supply chains  the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times will continue.The management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well at present. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers.Other operationsOther operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. The comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.8 (-1.9) million during the fourth quarter. The reported operating profit of EUR -1.9 (-1.9) million includes EUR -0.1 million in restructuring expenses affecting comparability.The comparable operating profit for 2022 was EUR -6.0 (-7.9) million. The reported operating profit was EUR -6.7 (-7.9) million  including EUR -0.7 million in items affecting comparability that are mainly related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO and restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATIONAspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade.Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital.Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources.In January-December 2022  a total of 4 242 696 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 33.9 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  13.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.01 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 8.20. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 257.1 million.The company had 11 712 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 077 145 shares  or 3.43% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.Dividend proposalAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution  while leaving room for strategic investments. Aspo started to pay dividends twice a year in 2017.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 357 529 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release.The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.RemunerationShare-based incentive plan 2022–2024On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares.The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors.The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash.For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall.Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee.The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. In March 2022  based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid in cash to cover taxes.Share-based incentive plan 2020In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal quantity will take place in 2023.DividendAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022.At its meeting held on November 2  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second installment of dividends  EUR 0.22 per share  on the basis of the authorization provided at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend was paid on November 11  2022.The Board of Directors and the auditorAt the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members.In 2022  the Board of Directors arranged 21 meetings. The participation rate was 99%.The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.In 2022  99 400 share were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donationsAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023.In 2022  donations of approximately EUR 55 000 were made.Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ MeetingThe shareholders’ Nomination Board consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. According to the list of shareholders as of August 31  2022  the following representatives of the largest shareholders are members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: Roberto Lencioni  chair (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  chairman of Aspo’s Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board.The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023 that the Board of Directors will have seven members.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31. The Nomination Board considers this to better support its activities  with the new date giving it more time to prepare proposals.Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Aspo's long-time board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Mammu Kaario  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the members of the Board of Directors be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):- members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month- Vice Chair: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month- Chair: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per monthThe Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Other operating income 1.1 0.2 3.3 0.5 Materials and services -109.8 -97.3 -402.9 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -14.1 -13.0 -54.4 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -6.9 -8.8 -19.9 -20.8 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -4.6 -3.8 -16.7 -13.7 Other operating expenses -33.2 -28.6 -118.9 -102.3 Operating profit -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Financial income and expenses 0.7 -1.0 -6.3 -3.9 Profit before taxes -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Income taxes -1.3 -2.1 -4.1 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit for the period -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 Discontinued operations -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Total -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet12/2022 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 46.8 45.9 Tangible assets 178.4 168.9 Leased assets 15.9 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.5 1.7 Total non-current assets 242.6 237.2 Inventories 69.9 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 69.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 21.7 17.7 160.9 160.7 Assets held for sale 12.4 8.4 Total current assets 173.3 169.1 Total assets 415.9 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 121.7 107.4 Total equity 143.7 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 154.3 142.4 Lease liabilities 4.6 6.9 Other liabilities 7.6 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 166.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 17.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 11.7 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 72.3 79.3 101.8 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 6.8 Total current liabilities 105.7 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 415.9 406.3Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 31.2 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 50.6 39.6 Change in working capital -6.7 -22.0 Interest paid -4.2 -4.4 Interest received 0.3 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.5 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 67.7 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -17.8 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -17.9 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -33.3 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -18.7 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -16.2 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.1 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities -16.5 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 17.8 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 Translation differences 0.0 0.9 Impairment loss on cash and cash equivalents -2.0 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 33.5 17.7 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.8 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 21.7 17.7Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 25.3 25.3 Translation differences 2.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income 2.2 25.3 27.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.8 -1.8 Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions -11.6 -11.6 with owners Equity December 31  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.7 95.6 129.4Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited.Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication.PersonnelAt the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 886 (944) employees.Segment informationAspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin.Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.1 7.3 -4.8 -6.7 33.9 Net financial expenses -6.3 -6.3 Profit before taxes 27.6 1-12/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 26.8 20.4 -2.4 -7.9 36.9 Net financial expenses -3.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 33.0 Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 17.8 Investments 1-12/2021 15.3 0.5 0.1 15.9Green Coaster investment commitmentAtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them will start operating in the third quarter of 2023.During the third quarter of 2022  it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared its option and ordered five additional vessels from the Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which AtoBatC has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors.Advance payments for the vessels to be sold further have been recognized in inventories. At the end of the financial year  inventories included EUR 10.2 million in advance payments for the Green Coaster vessels.ESL Shipping’s total investment comprises six vessels and roughly EUR 70 million.Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales. from continuing operationsTelko net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 29.6 39.7 -25.4 136.9 146.7 -6.7 Chemicals business 15.9 23.4 -32.1 80.3 83.6 -3.9 Lubricants business 13.7 10.5 30.5 50.2 38.5 30.4 Telko total 59.2 73.6 -19.6 267.4 268.8 -0.5Leipurin net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Regions: Finland 12.2 11.3 8.0 46.6 40.4 15.3 Sweden 12.9 17.3 Baltics 10.0 8.5 18.0 36.8 30.6 20.4 East 6.2 9.1 -32.1 25.6 30.7 -16.7 Total 41.3 29.0 42.4 126.3 101.7 24.2 of which: Bakeries 28.6 20.3 40.8 87.9 73.2 20.1 Food Industry 4.2 3.1 34.5 14.2 11.0 28.8 Retail  foodservice  other 8.5 5.5 53.7 24.2 17.4 38.8 Machinery trading Russia 2.0 -100.0 0.0 7.3 -100.0 Vulganus 0.7 -100.0 4.3 4.1 4.9 Leipurin total 41.3 31.7 30.4 130.6 113.1 15.5Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.6 0.9 3.5 3.6 Over time 62.7 53.8 241.9 187.8 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko At a point in time 59.1 73.5 267.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.3 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 41.3 29.7 127.3 107.5 Over time 0.0 2.0 3.3 5.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total At a point in time 101.0 104.1 397.8 379.6 Over time 62.8 55.9 245.6 193.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales by market area 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.6 20.2 121.5 84.3 Scandinavia 11.9 17.4 58.5 54.1 Baltic countries 0.6 2.3 2.9 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.6 1.3 2.5 Other countries 18.2 14.2 61.2 47.0 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko Finland 13.7 12.4 53.5 47.6 Scandinavia 14.1 14.1 61.7 52.4 Baltic countries 7.6 5.0 28.2 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 15.4 34.0 91.3 117.3 Other countries 8.4 8.1 32.7 31.1 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.3 12.8 49.4 43.3 Scandinavia 12.6 0.7 17.4 2.9 Baltic countries 10.0 8.7 36.7 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.2 9.3 25.6 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.5 0.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total Finland 58.6 45.4 224.4 175.2 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 137.6 109.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16.0 67.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 118.2 155.2 Other countries 26.8 22.5 95.4 78.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3Acquisition of Kobia ABLeipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit rate was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transactions are significantly affected by market conditions.The purchase price of EUR 15.7 million was paid fully in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.7 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.4 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 2.2 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.1 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 12/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.7 Total consideration 15.7 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value Intangible assets 0.8 Tangible assets 13.6 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.3 Total liabilities 8.9 Net assets acquired 15.6 Goodwill 0.1Acquisition of Johan SteenksTelko completed the acquisition of the operations of the Norwegian company Johan Steenks AS on October 3  2022. Johan Steenks is a distributor of technical plastic raw materials and additives for plastics  and it has an established customer base in the Norwegian markets and a number of well-known principals. The company’s annual net sales are roughly EUR 5 million. The business acquisition had no significant impact on Telko’s net sales or results during the final quarter of the year. The purchase price was approximately EUR 2.0 million  of which EUR 0.7 million were allocated to inventories and the remaining EUR 1.3 million were recognized as an increase in goodwill. The cash flow from the acquisition in 2022 was EUR -1.9 million.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for saleIn October 17  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the Russian authorities. Telko’s company in Russia has been classified as held for sale since October 2022 when the preliminary agreement on the sale was signed. Telko’s company in Belarus has been classified as held for sale since December 2022 when the agreement on the sale was signed with the company’s acting management.Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan have been classified as held for sale since December 31  2022 when their divestment started to seem probable. A binding preliminary agreement on their sale was signed on January 17  2023 with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities.The Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo and classified as held for sale in December 2021. Vulganus was sold to KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH  the leading manufacturer of bakery machines in Austria  on June 30  2022. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million   are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard  and its figures are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. Kauko Oy was sold to Signal Partners Oy on October 31  2022.Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Materials and services -0.6 -2.3 -6.9 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.2 -0.4 -1.5 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 0.0 -1.3 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 Other operating expenses -1.1 -0.4 -2.2 -1.2 Operating profit -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Profit before taxes -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 0.0 Profit for the period -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of the Kauko operating segment  to the extent that they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to the Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations for the financial year is EUR 0.3 (0.4) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. The profit from discontinued operations also includes the EUR -1.2 million loss on sale of Kauko Oy recognized during the fourth quarter. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter of 2021.Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.6 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -1.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -3.2 -1.2Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. The cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy in 2022 was EUR -1.0 million  and it is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The costs to sell of EUR -0.4 million are included in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consists of repayments of interest-bearing loans.Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 5.5 Other assets held for sale 12.4 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 3.9 6.8On the balance sheet  the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period have not been restated.In 2022  assets and liabilities classified as held for sale included the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale in eastern markets. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the companies held for sale  excluding internal assets and liabilities that have been eliminated. In 2021  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations included the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale at the end of 2021 consisted of Vulganus Oy’s assets and liabilities. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended on December 1  2021  for Kauko and Vulganus when they were classified as held for sale. The depreciation and amortization expense was recognized as part of sales losses in conjunction with the divestment of the companies. Telko Russia was classified as held for sale on October 31  2022  and the other companies held for sale in eastern markets on December 31  2022. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended at the time of the classification as held for sale.At the time of classification as held for sale  the net assets of the companies in eastern markets were measured at fair value less cost to sell  which was lower than the carrying amount. As a result  an impairment loss of EUR 9.4 million was recognized in the Telko segment and EUR 5.2 million in the Leipurin segment during the fourth quarter  which are reported as part of the Telko and Leipurin segments’ figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.Impairment losses in income statement 2022 Telko Leipurin Total MEUR MEUR MEUR Impairment losses  tangible and intangible assets 0.6 1.1 1.7 Impairment losses  leased assets 0.8 0.1 0.9 Materials and services 4.8 2.4 7.2 Other operating expenses 3.1 1.4 4.5 Income taxes 0.0 0.2 0.3 Total 9.4 5.2 14.6The impairment losses recognized on the assets of the companies in eastern markets were mainly allocated to inventories  accounts receivable  and cash and cash equivalents. In addition  an impairment loss was recognized on goodwill  determined in based on the ratio between the fair values of the divested companies and the segment.Restricted cash and cash equivalentsIn Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 13.5 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group is EUR 11.5 million  as an impairment loss of EUR 2.0 million was recognized on the cash and cash equivalents in conjunction with the IFRS 5 classification of the companies in Russia. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. It was still possible to pay dividends and make commercial payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. According to our understanding  the purchase prices of the operations held for sale in eastern markets can be transferred in conjunction with their sale. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  which is why they must be considered restricted cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7.Events after the review periodOn January 17  2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell all shares in its subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan to Timur Akhiyarov. Russian-born Akhiyarov will invest in Leipurin’s operations in eastern markets as a private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. Rights to Leipurin’s name and trademarks are not included in the transaction. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities.The Belarusian subsidiaries of Telko and Leipurin have been added to the list of companies whose transfer of shares are prohibited by a decision issued by the Council of Ministers of Belarus at the end of January 2023. Because of this  it is deemed unlikely that the sale of Telko's Belarusian business would proceed. This does not change Aspo Group's previously published assessment of the financial effects of the divestment. Leipurin’s Belarusian subsidiary is part of an agreement according to which the share capitals of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan would be sold to the same buyer. The decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus does not change the previously published assessment of the financial effects of the transaction  nor does it prevent the sale of Leipurin’s Russian and Kazakh subsidiaries.On January 31  Telko acquired a Polish distribution company Eltrex. Eltrex is a distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  and its annual net sales are approximately 8 million euros and operating profit slightly under one million euros.On February 9  2023  Leipurin completed a sale and lease back agreement for its warehouse property in Gothenburg  Sweden. The property came into Leipurin’s ownership via the Kobia acquisition that took place on 1 September 2022. The buyer of the property is Revelop  a Swedish real estate investor. As a result of the sale and lease back transaction  Aspo recognizes a sales gain of approximately EUR 0.4 million. According to the terms of the agreement  Leipurin leases the property for five years. The transaction is close to cost neutral  as the depreciation expense of the assets owned will be replaced by depreciation and interest expense for the leased assets of similar size.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on February 15  2023 at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing johanna.ahtiainen@aspo.com.The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the conference.The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/full_year_result_2022. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009756. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 900 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.18,0.57,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'Correction', 'January', 'December', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'original stock exchange release', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'strong financial performance', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Free cash flow', 'increasing dividend distribution', '2022 financial year', 'Net cash', 'operating activities', 'Aspo Plc', 'English Finnish', 'net sales', 'previous year', 'ESL Shipping', 'later date', 'Rolf Jansson', 'continuing operations', 'Other operations', 'discontinued operations', 'Dividend proposal', 'corresponding period', 'maximum amount', 'More information', 'Key figures', 'Equity ratio', 'February', 'Correction', 'January', 'December', '9:30 a', 'guidance', 'CEO', 'review', 'section', 'entirety', 'brackets', 'level', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'Earnings', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'dividends', 'aim', 'April', 'addition', 'EUR', 'taxes', 'EPS', 'Return', 'ROE', '10:50', '2023', '2021', '108.']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18502,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPO-OYJ-1412432/news/Aspo-Group-financial-statement-release-January-1-ndash-December-31-2022-Excellent-fourth-quarte-42989370/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022: Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo's strong financial performance in 2022,(marketscreener.com) Aspo Plc Financial Statement Release February 15  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022 Figures from the corre…,Homepage Equities Finland Nasdaq Helsinki Aspo Oyj News Summary ASPO FI0009008072 ASPO OYJ (ASPO) Add to my list Report Report Delayed Nasdaq Helsinki - 11:29:59 2023-02-16 am EST 8.350 EUR -0.48% 02/15 Aspo Oyj : Q4 2022 - Presentation PU 02/15 Transcript : Aspo Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 15  2023 CI 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022: Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo's strong financial performance in 2022 02/15/2023 | 02:32am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Aspo PlcFinancial Statement ReleaseFebruary 15  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022Excellent fourth quarter topped off Aspo’s strong financial performance in 2022 Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets. October–December 2022  Group total Aspo’s net sales remained at the previous year’s level  being EUR 164.6 (163.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 (13.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 6.9% (8.5%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.6 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.7) million.Items affecting the comparability of the operating profit totaled EUR -16.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR -3.7 (8.7) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was -2.3% (5.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 10.2 (9.8) million  Telko EUR -7.7 (4.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million.Earnings per share were EUR -0.21 (0.17).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 22.0 (10.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 16.5 (4.1) million.January–December 2022  Group total Aspo’s net sales increased by 11% to EUR 652.6 (586.4) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 55.3 (42.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 20.8 (21.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.3 (1.9) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -24.1 million and were mainly related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences.The operating profit of continuing operations was EUR 33.9 (36.9) million. The operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.3% (6.4%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 38.1 (26.8) million  Telko EUR 7.3 (20.4) million  and Leipurin EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million.Earnings per share were EUR 0.61 (0.76).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million.Guidance for 2023 Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be higher than EUR 35 (2022: 55.3) million in 2023.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the payment of dividendsAspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date. Therefore  a maximum of EUR 0.46 (0.45) would be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year.More information about the proposed dividend distribution is available under section “Dividend proposal”.Key figures 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 38.1 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 7.3 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 -4.8 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -1.9 -1.9 -6.7 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % -2.3 5.4 5.3 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 22.0 10.7 67.7 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR 16.5 4.1 34.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 15.2 20.8 Equity ratio  % 34.7 32.0 Gearing  % 108.4 131.0 Equity per share  EUR 4.58 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2022:In the light of financial figures  2022 was a success and in many ways record-breaking. Aspo Group’s net sales increased to EUR 652.6 million  up by roughly 11% from the previous year. The comparable operating profit for 2022 increased to a record EUR 55.3 million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 8.5%. Both the increase in net sales and our comparable operating profit exceeded the financial targets set for the Group. Aspo’s net sales in October–December stood at EUR 164.6 million  and the comparable operating profit was EUR 11.3 million. ESL Shipping especially supported the positive development of net sales and operating profit  with its record-breaking fourth quarter crowning its overall excellent year. The strong growth of Leipurin’s net sales during the fourth quarter was supported not only by high inflation rates  but also by the acquisition of the Swedish company Kobia AB at the beginning of September. Telko’s comparable operating profit in October–December was below the normal level which was due to the direct and reflected effects of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Eastern trade. Apart from the eastern markets  Telko’s net sales developed positively. The year 2022 turned out to be highly different from what we still assumed at the beginning of the year. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine dramatically changed the lives of many of our employees  and our entire operating environment changed drastically. Already in spring  we decided to withdraw from all our operations in Russia and from other selected eastern markets. The prerequisites for responsible business had vanished  and it became clear that we would set our sights even more firmly on western markets in accordance with our strategy updated at the end of 2021. We will continue to operate in Ukraine  and we want to support its development and do our part to help rebuild the country. In summer  we divested Leipurin’s machinery business Vulganus  and at the end of October  the divestment of Kauko was finalized. At the same time  we focused on developing our key businesses through acquisitions according to our compounder strategy  of which the acquisition of Kobia by Leipurin and Telko’s recent acquisitions were the most significant. During the year  we also made strategic investments  the most important of which was ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in new Green Coaster vessels using a pooling arrangement. We are heading to 2023 from a good position  and we will continue the determined implementation of our strategy. I believe that we can generate strong cash flow even in this challenging market environment and  in accordance with our financial guidance  we expect Aspo’s comparable operating profit to be EUR 30–40 million in 2023. We continue to boost organic growth through strategic acquisitions. Thanks for Aspo’s excellent results in 2022 go to our entire personnel. I am particularly pleased and grateful for the dedication our personnel showed in supporting our colleagues in areas ravaged by the war and in ensuring their safety.ASPO GROUP Financial results and targets Aspo’s financial targets announced on December 1  2021: Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130% With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%. In 2022  the Group’s targets were reached well overall. Aspo Group’s operating profit increased by 11%. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.5% (7.2%)  clearly exceeding the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained at the level of 15.2% (20.8%) due to the items affecting comparability of EUR -24.1 million that mainly consisted of additional costs and impairment losses arising from Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  and whose negative impact on return on equity was roughly 15.6 percentage points. Aspo’s gearing decreased to 108.4% (131.0%)  well below the target level. Aspo Group’s comparable result for continuing and discontinued operations Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These include impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. In December 2021  Aspo announced that Kauko operating segment was defined not being part of Aspo’s core operations  and Kauko was classified as a discontinued operation. On October 31  2022  Kauko was divested outside the Group  and its accumulated earnings until that date and the divestment loss are presented in the profit from discontinued operations  separate from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. However  Kauko’s results are included in Aspo Group’s total figures and comparable operating profit. Telko’s companies in Russia and Belarus  and Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan are classified as held for sale in the 2022 financial statements (eastern businesses held for sale below). The results of the eastern businesses held for sale are reported as part of Telko and Leipurin  as well as Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The assets and liabilities of the eastern businesses held for sale are presented on the balance sheet separately as assets and liabilities held for sale. When the eastern businesses were classified as held for sale  they were measured at fair value less cost to sell  resulting in the recognition of impairment losses totaling EUR 14.5 million in the fourth quarter  reported as items affecting comparability. On divestment  the recognition of the translation differences of the eastern businesses as part of sales losses as well as a possible change the fair value of the eastern businesses compared with the estimates made in the financial statements will also have a negative impact on the operating profit. On the closing date  the amount of the translation differences of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR -11.8 million. The amount fluctuates according to changes in exchange rates until the date of sale. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the result for the period has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity. Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 164.6 163.2 652.6 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Operating profit  Group total -4.8 8.8 31.2 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % -2.9 5.4 4.8 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -16.1 -5.1 -24.1 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11.3 13.9 55.3 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 6.9 8.5 8.5 7.2 Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 10 2 9 8 38 1 26 8 Telko  operating profit -7 7 4 4 7 3 20 4 Leipurin  operating profit -4 3 -3 6 -4 8 -2 4 Other operations  operating profit -1 9 -1 9 -6 7 -7 9 Operating profit from continuing operations -3 7 8 7 33 9 36 9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1 1 0 1 -2 7 -3 0 Operating profit  Group total -4 8 8 8 31 2 33 9 Items affecting comparability*) -16 1 -5 1 -24 1 -8 5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 11 3 13 9 55 3 42 4*) Items affecting comparability  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Kauko Total Shipping operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Impairment losses -9 3 -5 0 -1 3 -15 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 8 -1 1 -0 6 -2 5 Divestment losses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -2 0 Total 0 7 -13 5 -8 1 -0 7 -2 5 -24 1 In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million  and they are reported in the profit from discontinued operations. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million. Of the items affecting comparability during the fourth quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -16.1 million  EUR -14.3 million were related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and its consequences. Of the items  EUR -0.4 million were recognized for the ESL Shipping segment  EUR -9.0 for Telko  and EUR -5.0 million for Leipurin. Items affecting comparability relating to reorganizations were EUR -0.4 million in the Leipurin segment and EUR -0.1 million in other operations. In addition  Kauko’s sales loss of EUR -1.2 million is included in the items affecting comparability and reported as part of the results of discontinued operations. Items affecting the comparability in 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of discontinued operations.Sustainability Sustainability is a material factor which guides Aspo’s management system and especially the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be pioneers in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) goals for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2e (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) is 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping invests in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is significant in terms of monetary value  but above all  it helps the shipping company move towards its emissions target. During the past 12 months  emission intensity improved further to 0.33 (0.42)  driven by the increase in net sales and operational efficiency. Another key goal was a higher level of safety  with the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) being 8.1 (8.8) during the past 12 months. Even though TRIF improved from the previous year  we did not reach the target of 7.0 set for 2022. Aspo regularly assesses the satisfaction of employees with their own tasks  the quality of management  and Aspo as an employer by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. In 2021  Aspo started to use the People Power index  a new method of measuring job satisfaction  and it was also included in the Group’s sustainability goals. The operating environment remained fairly challenging in all businesses  and job satisfaction decreased slightly  while still being high: the Group achieved the rating of AA in 2022 (2021: AA+). However  the targeted level of AA+ was not achieved unlike in 2021. Aspo’s internal Compliance and Code of Conduct training includes anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. Aspo’s goal is that all of the Group’s personnel complete the training every year. In 2022  approximately 100% (89%) of the Group’s employees completed Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (88%) completed Compliance training.Operating environment and the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo’s operations Aspo’s operating environment changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The invasion has caused considerable general uncertainties in markets  higher interest rates  lower trust among consumers  price inflation  higher energy prices in particular  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates. Significantly suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The considerable damage to the energy distribution infrastructure in Ukraine made the situation even worse during the second half of 2022. The war drastically reduces operating conditions in eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  and selected values in particular. Aspo’s decision to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets  combined with the sanctions related to the war  has also reshaped Aspo’s logistics flows and operating models. ESL Shipping’s all operations have been suspended in Russia  and the released vessel capacity has been transferred to other operating areas. Telko has signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. At the end of 2022  Telko also signed a binding preliminary agreement on the sale of its subsidiary in Belarus to a member of its current management. A binding preliminary agreement was also signed with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor  after the end of the financial year on the sale of Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan stood at EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 4% of Aspo Group’s net sales. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus stood at EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022 and less than 9% of Aspo Group’s net sales. The consolidated net sales of Telko and Leipurin in these countries accounted for roughly 13% of Aspo Group’s net sales in 2022 (16% of net sales in 2021). The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent the transportation of goods and the transfer of payments which has reduced the net sales and profitability of the operations in Russia. In addition  decreases in the companies’ operations and personnel have reduced Russia’s role in Aspo’s business operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight. The equity of the group companies in Russia is EUR 20.5 (16.6) million  comprising 14.3% (12.8%) of Aspo Group’s total equity. In Aspo Group  EUR 12.2 million in impairment losses associated with the equity of Russian companies have been recognized in the financial statements. Aspo’s assets in Russia mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents  inventories and accounts receivable. The number of employees in Aspo Group’s companies in Russia is decreasing  being 105 (193) at the end of the year. Rising interest and inflation rates  as well as weaker general economic estimates  have affected consumers’ purchasing behavior  for example  so that consumers have shifted from more expensive to more affordable products. While the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in the news  it still has an impact on Aspo’s operating environment. For example  the global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on certain Aspo’s businesses  decelerating sales and the completion of orders. The markets are also characterized by disruptions in logistics flows and the low availability of certain products. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations especially among ESL Shipping’s crew members. Net sales by market area  continuing operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Share 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 58.6 45.4 35.8 224.4 175.2 34.9 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 23.6 137.6 109.4 21.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16 11.1 67.8 54.8 10.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 13.2 118.2 155.2 18.4 Other countries 26.8 22.5 16.3 95.4 78.7 14.8 Total 163.8 160 100 643.4 573.3 100 During 2022  Aspo has reported its net sales by market area with the following division: Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The eastern markets’ share of total net sales continued to decrease during the fourth quarter of 2022  mainly due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and decisions to downsize operations in Russia and withdraw from the market as planned. As a result of the withdrawal from Russia  the division of Aspo’s main market areas will change at the beginning of 2023. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will direct its growth investments at western markets  and the eastern markets’ share of Aspo’s total net sales already decreased to 13.2% in the fourth quarter.Cash flow and financing The Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–December was EUR 67.7 (44.0) million. The cash flow of all businesses showed positive development during the year. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -6.7 (-22.0) million. The increase in working capital mainly comes from the advance payments for the vessels to be built in the ESL Shipping segment’s vessel pool and the customer receivables accumulated through high sales at the end of the year. This was partly compensated by the Telko segment’s working capital  which improved towards the year end. The free cash flow in January–December was EUR 34.4 (27.5) million. The amount of investments of EUR -17.8 (-15.9) million mainly included the ESL Shipping segment’s dockages and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the cash flow from investing activities includes EUR -17.9 million cash outflow on the acquisitions of Kobia  Mentum and Johan Steenks and a total of EUR 2.8 million in cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus as the most significant items.12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 189.2 187.3 Cash and cash equivalents 33.5 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 155.7 169.6 Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 155.7 (169.6) million and gearing fell to 108.4% (131.0%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.7% (32.0%). The balance sheet strengthened as a result of improved profitability and the new hybrid instrument issued in June. Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -6.3 (-3.9) million. Exchange rate changes  especially the strengthened value of the Russian ruble  increased financial expenses by EUR 1.6 million from the previous year. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 3.3% (1.4%). The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 33.5 (17.7) at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 11.8 million. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained wholly unused (5). During 2022  Aspo extended its maturity structure for interest-bearing loans. In September  AtoBatC AB signed an EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan’s maturity is 15 years  and it has not yet been withdrawn. The loan  together with the ten-year loan agreement of EUR 20 million singed in June with the Nordic Investment Bank  of which EUR 19.6 million have been withdrawn  finances ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The project was launched in September 2021. In addition  Aspo restructured a bilateral bank loan of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new bilateral revolving credit facility which will mature in 2025. The loan agreement also includes two options for a one-year extension. In June  Aspo issued a new EUR 30 million hybrid instrument  with a coupon rate of 8.75% per annum. The hybrid instrument has no maturity  but the company may exercise an early redemption option in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s earlier hybrid instrument of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operations Aspo and its subsidiaries are exposed to various risks and uncertainties  which are mainly identified and managed in Aspo's businesses. The most important risks and preparedness for them are summarized and reported to Aspo's Board of Directors through Aspo's Audit Committee. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causes significant geopolitical uncertainties. It affects the general economic environment  including inflation  energy and raw material prices  interest rates  and consumers’ trust. The ongoing process to withdraw from Russia and other selected eastern markets will change the Group’s structure significantly and will affect the revenue model of Aspo’s businesses in the long term. There are risks that the withdrawal from the selected markets causes additional costs or losses  and that funds cannot be transferred from the markets or that the withdrawal is unsuccessful in full or in part. It is also possible that the official approvals required for the withdrawal from the markets are not obtained for example due to changes is legislation or that they are at risk or fail for some other reason. Financial activities and the prevailing geopolitical uncertainties have caused the prices of many raw materials  components and logistics services to rise rapidly. While Aspo may benefit from the price increases temporarily  the prices of raw materials or rental capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disruptions in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes are also increasing risks. The rapid increase in inflation has generally caused pressure for salary increases  which in Finland can lead to labor disputes  which can also negatively affect Aspo's businesses. International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may also affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. The geopolitical tensions may escalate and cause a direct adverse impact on business operations  put payments at risk and even suspend business operations. If escalated  cyber incidents and disruptions in information systems may cause damage to business operations. In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its steady profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary deterioration in the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial resources and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability. The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on Aspo’s operations has been limited at the group level  even though it has been significant in the Leipurin segment. The current and any new coronavirus variants and their rapid spread may suspend business operations and cause financial losses through stoppages in global logistics chains  among other factors. Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS ESL Shipping ESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 41 vessels with a total capacity of 425 000 deadweight tonnage (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (80% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 16 vessels (18%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 63.3 54.7 16 245.4 191.4 28 Operating profit  MEUR 10.2 9.8 4 38.1 26.8 42 Operating profit  % 16.1 17.9 15.5 14.0 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.4 0.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 10.6 9.8 8 37.4 26.8 40 Comparable operating profit  % 16.7 17.9 15.2 14.0 The fourth quarter of 2022 marked the best quarter in ESL Shipping’s history measured by the operating profit. Net sales increased by 16% from the previous year to EUR 63.3 (54.7) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter increased by 8% to record-breaking EUR 10.6 (9.8) million. The operating profit of EUR 10.2 (9.8) million includes EUR -0.4 million in expenses associated with suspended operations in Russia. High demand in the shipping company’s main market areas  the shipping company’s long-term partnership strategy and the successful operations of the onshore and offshore personnel enabled the excellent results. Weather conditions were also favorable for operations. The comparable operating profit rate of 16.7% (17.9%) achieved during the fourth quarter was once again excellent. During the quarter  the prices of diesel and liquefied natural gas (LNG) used as ship fuels decreased from the previous quarter  while remaining roughly twice as high as in the comparative period. The high level of fuel surcharges increased net sales and reduced the operating profit rate  which is used as an indicator of relative profitability. During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The volume development was based on the transfer of raw material deliveries away from Russia which has extended transportation distances especially for energy coal. The final quarter is also normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation involving the security of supply  the low availability of biofuels and longer transportation distances  the percentage of energy coal from all transportation operations tripled during the fourth quarter from the comparative period. The profitability of all the shipping company’s vessel categories was excellent during the fourth quarter. In fourth quarter  production plants of several contractual customers underwent relatively large maintenance stoppages and restricted production due to lower demand and high energy costs. High demand experienced in the energy industry enabled the vessels to continue to operate at full capacity during the fourth quarter. The spot cargo market decreased in all customer segments and vessel categories during the quarter. After operations in Russia were suspended  demand for ESL Shipping’s loading and unloading operations for vessels at sea shifted to the southern Baltic Sea where it was maintained by the high demand for energy coal transportation during the fourth quarter and congestion at ports suitable for large ocean liners. Six time-chartered vessels of the smaller vessel category were redelivered to their owners as the charter agreements ended at the end of the fourth quarter and as the price of an extended charter period became too high. The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB    at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. The first four new vessels are already under construction  and the first vessel is to be delivered during fall 2023. One larger vessel was docked for seven days during the fourth quarter and one smaller vessel was out of service for 26 days. In 2022  dockage days totaled 141 (229). The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December increased from the comparative period by 28% to EUR 245.4 (191.4) million. The comparable operating profit was the highest in the company’s history at EUR 37.4 (26.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 15.2% (14.0%). The operating profit rate clearly exceeded the long-term target of 14%. Comparability was affected by the gain from the sale of the barge Espa and costs associated with the suspended operations in Russia. Their impact on net results was EUR 0.7 million and  as a result  ESL Shipping’s operating profit amounted to EUR 38.1 (26.8) million and its operating profit rate was 15.5% (14.0%) for 2022 as a whole. The shipping company’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The aim is to halve carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. During 2022  ESL Shipping transported 14.7 (14.8) million tons of cargo  and its vessels consumed 819 988 (898 158) MWh of energy. CO2 emissions per transported ton decreased by 7.5% to 0.015 (0.016) tons of carbon dioxide per ton of cargo. The new energy-efficient operating models applied to port visits supported the positive development.ESL Shipping outlook for 2023 General macroeconomic uncertainties have increased in ESL Shipping’s main market areas. Higher inflation and slower economic growth increase demand and pricing pressure among the shipping company’s main customers. Finland’s labor market may experience unrest during the spring  and its impact through overtime bans and strikes may be significant on key customers and especially on the effectiveness of the transport chain. Global demand estimates in sea transportation markets and price levels of spot markets have decreased considerably from the previous year. On the other hand  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for round-the-year operations in the Baltic Sea is limited. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main customers is expected to be satisfactory  albeit slightly lower than in the previous year. Demand for energy deliveries outside Finland is expected to remain high during the first half of the year. In the forest industry  pulp delivery volumes are looking positive  but only satisfactory for sawn goods. Volumes are looking satisfactory in the steel industry. Now that deliveries of Russian raw materials have stopped  certain of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers are forced to seek new suppliers for part of their production input required in new geographic areas. Not all of these procurement routes have yet become stabilized which may cause an imbalance in ESL Shipping’s operations. The role of energy coal transportation is expected to decrease significantly when the preparation situation returns to normal and demand shifts towards other energy forms. The majority of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the Supramax vessels. Currently  the expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels do not meet the realities in the shipping company’s main market areas which may cause further uncertainties in the availability of a suitable and sufficient tonnage. The impact of rising energy prices on ESL Shipping’s costs is compensated effectively through fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements. Surveys show that ESL Shipping’s customer satisfaction is at an excellent level  similarly to the personnel’s commitment and job satisfaction. Activities to further improve customer and employee satisfaction  sustainability and occupational safety will continue. The shipping company’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping will continue the development of a fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in line with the green transition and the vessels designed for it in cooperation with its key customers. The shipping company is participating in projects aimed to produce green hydrogen through renewable electricity and to further process it as fossil-free fuel for the shipping company’s vessels. During 2023  four larger and two smaller vessels will be docked for a total of approximately 100 days.Telko Telko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China. In October 2022  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. In December  Telko finalized the preliminary agreement to divest its subsidiary in Belarus  to a member of its current management. Both business transactions still need to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 59.2 73.6 -20 267.4 268.8 -1 Operating profit  MEUR -7.7 4.4 -275 7.3 20.4 -64 Operating profit  % -13.0 6.0 2.7 7.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -9.0 -0.8 -13.5 -0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 5.2 -75 20.8 21.2 -2 Comparable operating profit  % 2.2 7.1 7.8 7.9 During the fourth quarter  Telko’s net sales decreased steeply to EUR 59.2 (73.6) million. Telko’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased after sales in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine dropped substantially from the previous year. Telko’s net sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased. Demand remained stable in Telko’s all business operations. The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (5.2) million  and the operating profit rate was 2.2% (7.1%). Net sales and operating profit decreased from the previous year  especially due to weak development and negative results in Russia. Telko’s result for the fourth quarter includes items affecting comparability  which reduced Telko’s operating profit by EUR 9.0 million in total. Impairment losses regarding companies in Russia and Belarus of EUR 9.3 million and other expenses of EUR 0.2 million were recognized relating to the withdrawal from Russia. In addition  the credit loss provision recognized from accounts receivable in Ukraine was reversed by EUR 0.5 million. The combined comparable operating profit of the above countries was slightly negative during the fourth quarter. Telko’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR -7.7 (4.4) million. The operating profit rate was -13.0% (6.0%). Impairment losses associated with inventories  exchange rate losses  and costs related to corporate restructuring also had a negative impact on the operating profit. The net sales of the plastics business decreased by 25% during the fourth quarter to EUR 29.6 (39.7) million  mainly due to the decrease in Telko’s operations in Russia. In Telko’s European markets  demand for plastic polymers remained at a normal level in general. Sales outside Russia  Belarus and Ukraine increased slightly  regardless of the downward trend in prices. While the steep decline in the prices of volume plastics turned to an increase during the fourth quarter  the prices are still lower than during the corresponding period in the previous year. The prices of technical plastics decreased slightly during the fourth quarter but were clearly above the comparative period’s level. The acquisition of the operations of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of technical plastic raw materials and plastics  increased the net sales of the plastics business during the fourth quarter  while it had no significant impact on results. During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 32% to EUR 15.9 (23.4) million. Sales decreased steeply in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. The weak development especially in Ukraine resulted from the disruptions in the electricity distribution infrastructure due to the war which directly limited production. Total sales in other countries increased significantly  regardless of the decrease in prices. Prices started to increase during the fourth quarter. Telko’s chemicals business is divided between several customer groups which evens out any fluctuations in demand. During the fourth quarter  the net sales of the lubricants business increased by 31% to EUR 13.7 (10.5) million. Sales increased in all key product groups. The increase in sales resulted from high price levels  the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021  and very positively developed sales of industrial lubricants. Prices of lubricants increased slightly during the fourth quarter. Russia’s invasion in Ukraine did not have any direct impact on the lubricants business. Telko’s net sales in January–December decreased by 1% to EUR 267.4 (268.8) million. The full-year comparable operating profit of EUR 20.8 million was only slightly lower than the previous year’s record-high comparable operating profit (21.2). The comparable operating profit rate remained high at 7.8% (7.9%). Exchange rate losses of EUR 2.5 million reduced the operating profit. Telko’s full-year operating profit fell by 64% to EUR 7.3 (20.4) million. The operating profit rate was 2.7% (7.6%). Results decreased due to the warehouse destroyed in Ukraine  the impairment losses associated with companies in Russia and Belarus  and other costs arising from the withdrawal from Russia  which totaled EUR -13.5 million and have been reported as items affecting comparability.Telko outlook for 2023 As announced previously  Telko has agreed to divest its operations in Russia and Belarus. Telko’s net sales in Russia and Belarus were EUR 58.0 million in 2022  comprising 22% of Telko’s total net sales in 2022. Both sales transactions require approval by the local authorities. Telko expects the Russian transaction to be completed during the first quarter of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved. In 2023  Telko’s net sales and profit will be significantly lower than in the previous year due to the changed situation in Russia  Belarus and Ukraine. In other countries  demand is expected to remain moderate  even though there will be differences between businesses. The prices of plastics and chemicals decreased steeply during the latter half of 2022  while still being clearly above the long-term average. It is assumed that the most significant price corrections took place during 2022  but the prices are expected to decrease slightly during the first half if energy prices do not experience a considerable increase. In high added value products  on which Telko focuses in accordance with its strategy  price changes are typically more moderate. Significant changes in prices have a short-term impact on margins. Demand for lubricants is expected to remain stable  and prices are expected to increase at least during the first half of 2023. In western markets  demand will involve uncertainties during the next few months. Demand indices have decreased in the construction and automotive industries in Europe. High energy prices and inflation rates will affect demand during the next few months  in particular. At the end of the year  demand will  above all  be affected by the general development of purchasing power in Europe. The lifting of coronavirus restrictions in China is expected to increase local demand. In addition  higher demand in China may have an impact on global price development during the first part of the year. In Central Asia  demand is expected to remain relatively high. Sales in Ukraine will be lower during the first half than in the previous year  while they are expected to be at the 2022 level during the rest of the year  depending completely on the development of the war. Telko will continue its activities to improve its operational efficiency and scalability. Inflation causes general increases in costs. On the other hand  cargo expenses  especially in Asia  will be materially lower than in the previous year. The recent structural arrangements continued when Telko announced on January 31  2023  that it will acquire Eltrex  a Polish company specialized in the distribution of chemicals. According to its strategy  Telko continues to accelerate its growth through acquisitions in addition to organic growth.Leipurin Leipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four business units  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  Baltics  and East. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. The Leipurin segment’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. The Leipurin segment uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners. On April 22  2022  Aspo announced that Leipurin will withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. In January 2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell its subsidiaries in these countries to a private investor. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Assets and liabilities related to these companies have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 standard at the end of the review period. 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 41.3 31.7 30 130.6 113.1 15 Operating profit  MEUR -4.3 -3.6 19 -4.8 -2.4 100 Operating profit  % -10.4 -11.4 -3.7 -2.1 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -5.4 -4.3 -8.1 -4.3 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 3.3 1.9 74 Comparable operating profit  % 2.7 2.2 2.5 1.7 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 1.1 0.7 57 4.1 2.4 71 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 2.7 2.3 3.2 2.2Leipurin’s operations were still affected by the restrictions in eastern markets due to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the high price inflation in global raw material markets  and challenges related to the availability of raw materials. Leipurin’s total net sales increased by 30% during the fourth quarter to EUR 41.3 (31.7) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 2.7 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy. The Finland business unit’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 12.2 (11.3) million. In the Baltics  net sales increased by 18% to EUR 10.0 (8.5) million. Net sales of the East business unit decreased by 32% to EUR 6.2 (9.1) million due to the reduced product range  consisting only of local procurement. The decrease in the net sales of the East business unit was also significantly affected by the decrease in operations in Ukraine down to roughly 9% from the comparative year’s level. Sweden was established as a new business unit as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  and it accounted for EUR 12.9 million and approximately 31% of Leipurin’s net sales in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 41% to EUR 28.6 (20.3) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 35% to EUR 4.2 (3.1) million. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets continued to have a significant impact on Leipurin’s sales during the fourth quarter. Measured in kilograms  the decrease in sales intensified in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics  whereas sales continued to be roughly half of the previous year’s level in the East business unit. The weak volume development is mainly driven by the decrease in consumers’ trust in the current market situation  in which energy costs and interest rates are especially rising steeply. The significant increase in living expenses continued in Finland  Sweden and the Baltics which reduced the inflation-adjusted sales volume of retail and strengthened the shift in consumers’ demand towards more affordable products. The positive development of profit margins continued  regardless of the negative trends in volumes. The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 1.1 (0.7) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.7% (2.3%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -5.4 (-4.3) million  included costs and impairment losses arising from the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan  and costs associated with the reorganization of Leipurin’s group operations. The comparability of the comparative period was affected by animpairment loss recognized on goodwill. Leipurin’s operating loss for the fourth quarter was EUR -4.3 (-3.6) million. Reversal of a fair value allocation of inventories amounting to EUR -0.5 million which arised from the acquisition of Kobia  had a negative impact on the operating profit. In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 130.6 (113.1) million. Figures for the comparative year included EUR 11.4 million in net sales of the discontinued machinery business in Russia and divested Vulganus Oy  which were EUR 7.1 million higher than in 2022  but the increase in raw material sales in western markets was particularly strong during the review period compared to the corresponding period in the previous year. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales. Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2022 was EUR 3.3 (1.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.7%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit  excluding Vulganus  was EUR 4.1 (2.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.2% (2.2%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -8.1 (-4.3) million  were mainly related to the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine  the acquisition of Kobia  and the divestment of Vulganus. The reported operating profit was negative at EUR -4.8 (-2.4) million. Kobia’s impact on Leipurin’s operating profit was still negative due to the reversal of the EUR 0.5 million fair value allocation of inventories related to the acquisition. Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The loss arising from the divestment and the expenses related to it  totaling EUR -0.4 million  are reported under the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses. Leipurin acquired all shares in Kobia AB  a Swedish distributor in the bakery industry  from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia AB comprises Leipurin’s new Sweden business unit  and it has been included in Aspo Group’s figures since September 1  2022. Kobia’s annual net sales are approximately EUR 50 million  and its operating profit rate is roughly 3%. The acquisition strengthens Leipurin’s position as the leading company in the Baltic Sea region.Leipurin outlook for 2023 The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and results. Leipurin’s net sales in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were EUR 24.7 million in 2022  comprising 19% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2022. The divestment of the operations in the eastern markets still needs to be approved by the local authorities. Leipurin expects the transaction to be completed during the first half of 2023 but there is uncertainty involved. The expansion to Sweden through the acquisition of Kobia AB will increase Leipurin’s annual net sales by roughly EUR 50 million and produce considerable synergy benefits in the development of the product range  and in the supply chain and procurement. It also enables partners to be served in a larger geographic area. The integration of operations has progressed according to plans. Inflation and the rising energy prices  in particular  have a negative impact on demand for more expensive products  potentially presenting profitability challenges among the bakery segment’s customers. The decreased purchasing power may have a negative impact on demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers prefer more affordable products. The upward trend is expected to continue in the prices of main raw material categories  even though the rapid inflation during the review period is expected to decelerate considerably. This is expected to take place during the first half of 2023. Despite these challenges  Leipurin sees that the market will offer a highly stable environment in the long term and also opportunities for organic growth in selected market segments. In addition  the profitability program that was launched earlier develops the organization's ability to lead with information and helps to improve financial performance in particular. The program focuses both on selected growth clusters and on improving the efficiency of operations. This program is expected to contribute to improving Leipurin’s financial development. The impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic on the global supply chains  the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times will continue. The management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well at present. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers.Other operations Other operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. The comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.8 (-1.9) million during the fourth quarter. The reported operating profit of EUR -1.9 (-1.9) million includes EUR -0.1 million in restructuring expenses affecting comparability. The comparable operating profit for 2022 was EUR -6.0 (-7.9) million. The reported operating profit was EUR -6.7 (-7.9) million  including EUR -0.7 million in items affecting comparability that are mainly related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO and restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATION Aspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade. Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital. Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources. In January-December 2022  a total of 4 242 696 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 33.9 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  13.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.01 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 8.20. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 257.1 million. The company had 11 712 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 077 145 shares  or 3.43% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.Dividend proposal Aspo’s aim is an annually increasing dividend distribution  while leaving room for strategic investments. Aspo started to pay dividends twice a year in 2017. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 357 529 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release. The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date. Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Remuneration Share-based incentive plan 2022–2024 On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors. The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash. For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall. Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023 On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. In March 2022  based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid in cash to cover taxes. Share-based incentive plan 2020 In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal quantity will take place in 2023.Dividend Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022. At its meeting held on November 2  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second installment of dividends  EUR 0.22 per share  on the basis of the authorization provided at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend was paid on November 11  2022. The Board of Directors and the auditor At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members. In 2022  the Board of Directors arranged 21 meetings. The participation rate was 99%. The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. In 2022  99 400 share were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donations Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023. In 2022  donations of approximately EUR 55 000 were made. Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ Meeting The shareholders’ Nomination Board consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. According to the list of shareholders as of August 31  2022  the following representatives of the largest shareholders are members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: Roberto Lencioni  chair (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  chairman of Aspo’s Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board. The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 4  2023 that the Board of Directors will have seven members. The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31. The Nomination Board considers this to better support its activities  with the new date giving it more time to prepare proposals. Members of the Board of Directors The Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Aspo's long-time board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Mammu Kaario  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term. All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman. Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of Directors The Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the members of the Board of Directors be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):- members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month- Vice Chair: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month- Chair: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per month The Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATION Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Other operating income 1.1 0.2 3.3 0.5 Materials and services -109.8 -97.3 -402.9 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -14.1 -13.0 -54.4 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -6.9 -8.8 -19.9 -20.8 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -4.6 -3.8 -16.7 -13.7 Other operating expenses -33.2 -28.6 -118.9 -102.3 Operating profit -3.7 8.7 33.9 36.9 Financial income and expenses 0.7 -1.0 -6.3 -3.9 Profit before taxes -3.0 7.7 27.6 33.0 Income taxes -1.3 -2.1 -4.1 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations -4.3 5.6 23.5 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit for the period -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -7.2 -0.1 -1.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -5.4 5.7 20.7 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders -12.6 5.6 19.5 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations -0.17 0.17 0.70 0.86 Discontinued operations -0.04 0.00 -0.09 -0.10 Total -0.21 0.17 0.61 0.76 Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet 12/2022 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 46.8 45.9 Tangible assets 178.4 168.9 Leased assets 15.9 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.5 1.7 Total non-current assets 242.6 237.2 Inventories 69.9 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 69.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 21.7 17.7 160.9 160.7 Assets held for sale 12.4 8.4 Total current assets 173.3 169.1 Total assets 415.9 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 121.7 107.4 Total equity 143.7 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 154.3 142.4 Lease liabilities 4.6 6.9 Other liabilities 7.6 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 166.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 17.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 11.7 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 72.3 79.3 101.8 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 6.8 Total current liabilities 105.7 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 415.9 406.3 Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 31.2 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 50.6 39.6 Change in working capital -6.7 -22.0 Interest paid -4.2 -4.4 Interest received 0.3 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.5 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 67.7 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -17.8 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -17.9 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -33.3 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -18.7 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -16.2 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.1 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities -16.5 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 17.8 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 Translation differences 0.0 0.9 Impairment loss on cash and cash equivalents -2.0 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 33.5 17.7 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.8 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 21.7 17.7 Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 25.3 25.3 Translation differences 2.2 2.2 Total comprehensive income 2.2 25.3 27.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.8 -1.8 Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions -11.6 -11.6 with owners Equity December 31  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.7 95.6 129.4Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited. Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication. Personnel At the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 886 (944) employees.Segment information Aspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.1 7.3 -4.8 -6.7 33.9 Net financial expenses -6.3 -6.3 Profit before taxes 27.6 1-12/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 26.8 20.4 -2.4 -7.9 36.9 Net financial expenses -3.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 33.0 Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 17.8 Investments 1-12/2021 15.3 0.5 0.1 15.9Green Coaster investment commitment AtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them will start operating in the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2022  it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared its option and ordered five additional vessels from the Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which AtoBatC has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors. Advance payments for the vessels to be sold further have been recognized in inventories. At the end of the financial year  inventories included EUR 10.2 million in advance payments for the Green Coaster vessels. ESL Shipping’s total investment comprises six vessels and roughly EUR 70 million. Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales. from continuing operations Telko net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 29.6 39.7 -25.4 136.9 146.7 -6.7 Chemicals business 15.9 23.4 -32.1 80.3 83.6 -3.9 Lubricants business 13.7 10.5 30.5 50.2 38.5 30.4 Telko total 59.2 73.6 -19.6 267.4 268.8 -0.5Leipurin net sales 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 Change % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change % MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Regions: Finland 12.2 11.3 8.0 46.6 40.4 15.3 Sweden 12.9 17.3 Baltics 10.0 8.5 18.0 36.8 30.6 20.4 East 6.2 9.1 -32.1 25.6 30.7 -16.7 Total 41.3 29.0 42.4 126.3 101.7 24.2 of which: Bakeries 28.6 20.3 40.8 87.9 73.2 20.1 Food Industry 4.2 3.1 34.5 14.2 11.0 28.8 Retail  foodservice  other 8.5 5.5 53.7 24.2 17.4 38.8 Machinery trading Russia 2.0 -100.0 0.0 7.3 -100.0 Vulganus 0.7 -100.0 4.3 4.1 4.9 Leipurin total 41.3 31.7 30.4 130.6 113.1 15.5Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.6 0.9 3.5 3.6 Over time 62.7 53.8 241.9 187.8 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko At a point in time 59.1 73.5 267.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.3 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 41.3 29.7 127.3 107.5 Over time 0.0 2.0 3.3 5.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total At a point in time 101.0 104.1 397.8 379.6 Over time 62.8 55.9 245.6 193.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3 Net sales by market area 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.6 20.2 121.5 84.3 Scandinavia 11.9 17.4 58.5 54.1 Baltic countries 0.6 2.3 2.9 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.6 1.3 2.5 Other countries 18.2 14.2 61.2 47.0 63.3 54.7 245.4 191.4 Telko Finland 13.7 12.4 53.5 47.6 Scandinavia 14.1 14.1 61.7 52.4 Baltic countries 7.6 5.0 28.2 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 15.4 34.0 91.3 117.3 Other countries 8.4 8.1 32.7 31.1 59.2 73.6 267.4 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.3 12.8 49.4 43.3 Scandinavia 12.6 0.7 17.4 2.9 Baltic countries 10.0 8.7 36.7 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.2 9.3 25.6 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.5 0.6 41.3 31.7 130.6 113.1 Total Finland 58.6 45.4 224.4 175.2 Scandinavia 38.6 32.2 137.6 109.4 Baltic countries 18.2 16.0 67.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 21.6 43.9 118.2 155.2 Other countries 26.8 22.5 95.4 78.7 163.8 160.0 643.4 573.3Acquisition of Kobia AB Leipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit rate was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transactions are significantly affected by market conditions. The purchase price of EUR 15.7 million was paid fully in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.7 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.4 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 2.2 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.1 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses. Acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 12/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.7 Total consideration 15.7 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value Intangible assets 0.8 Tangible assets 13.6 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.3 Total liabilities 8.9 Net assets acquired 15.6 Goodwill 0.1Acquisition of Johan Steenks Telko completed the acquisition of the operations of the Norwegian company Johan Steenks AS on October 3  2022. Johan Steenks is a distributor of technical plastic raw materials and additives for plastics  and it has an established customer base in the Norwegian markets and a number of well-known principals. The company’s annual net sales are roughly EUR 5 million. The business acquisition had no significant impact on Telko’s net sales or results during the final quarter of the year. The purchase price was approximately EUR 2.0 million  of which EUR 0.7 million were allocated to inventories and the remaining EUR 1.3 million were recognized as an increase in goodwill. The cash flow from the acquisition in 2022 was EUR -1.9 million.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale In October 17  Telko signed a binding preliminary agreement on selling all shares in its subsidiary in Russia  to GK Himik  a Russian industrial company. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the Russian authorities. Telko’s company in Russia has been classified as held for sale since October 2022 when the preliminary agreement on the sale was signed. Telko’s company in Belarus has been classified as held for sale since December 2022 when the agreement on the sale was signed with the company’s acting management. Leipurin’s companies in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan have been classified as held for sale since December 31  2022 when their divestment started to seem probable. A binding preliminary agreement on their sale was signed on January 17  2023 with Timur Akhiyarov  a Russian-born private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. The Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo and classified as held for sale in December 2021. Vulganus was sold to KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH  the leading manufacturer of bakery machines in Austria  on June 30  2022. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million   are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations. The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard  and its figures are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. Kauko Oy was sold to Signal Partners Oy on October 31  2022. Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2022 10-12/2021 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 0.8 3.2 9.2 13.1 Materials and services -0.6 -2.3 -6.9 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.2 -0.4 -1.5 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 0.0 -1.3 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 Other operating expenses -1.1 -0.4 -2.2 -1.2 Operating profit -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Profit before taxes -1.1 0.1 -2.7 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 0.0 Profit for the period -1.1 0.1 -2.8 -3.0 Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of the Kauko operating segment  to the extent that they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to the Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations for the financial year is EUR 0.3 (0.4) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. The profit from discontinued operations also includes the EUR -1.2 million loss on sale of Kauko Oy recognized during the fourth quarter. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter of 2021. Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.6 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -1.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -3.2 -1.2 Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. The cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy in 2022 was EUR -1.0 million  and it is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The costs to sell of EUR -0.4 million are included in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consists of repayments of interest-bearing loans. Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 5.5 Other assets held for sale 12.4 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 3.9 6.8 On the balance sheet  the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period have not been restated. In 2022  assets and liabilities classified as held for sale included the assets and liabilities of the companies held for sale in eastern markets. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the companies held for sale  excluding internal assets and liabilities that have been eliminated. In 2021  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations included the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale at the end of 2021 consisted of Vulganus Oy’s assets and liabilities. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended on December 1  2021  for Kauko and Vulganus when they were classified as held for sale. The depreciation and amortization expense was recognized as part of sales losses in conjunction with the divestment of the companies. Telko Russia was classified as held for sale on October 31  2022  and the other companies held for sale in eastern markets on December 31  2022. The recognition of depreciation and amortization expense ended at the time of the classification as held for sale. At the time of classification as held for sale  the net assets of the companies in eastern markets were measured at fair value less cost to sell  which was lower than the carrying amount. As a result  an impairment loss of EUR 9.4 million was recognized in the Telko segment and EUR 5.2 million in the Leipurin segment during the fourth quarter  which are reported as part of the Telko and Leipurin segments’ figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations. Impairment losses in income statement 2022 Telko Leipurin Total MEUR MEUR MEUR Impairment losses  tangible and intangible assets 0.6 1.1 1.7 Impairment losses  leased assets 0.8 0.1 0.9 Materials and services 4.8 2.4 7.2 Other operating expenses 3.1 1.4 4.5 Income taxes 0.0 0.2 0.3 Total 9.4 5.2 14.6 The impairment losses recognized on the assets of the companies in eastern markets were mainly allocated to inventories  accounts receivable  and cash and cash equivalents. In addition  an impairment loss was recognized on goodwill  determined in based on the ratio between the fair values of the divested companies and the segment.Restricted cash and cash equivalents In Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 13.5 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group is EUR 11.5 million  as an impairment loss of EUR 2.0 million was recognized on the cash and cash equivalents in conjunction with the IFRS 5 classification of the companies in Russia. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. It was still possible to pay dividends and make commercial payments during the fourth quarter of 2022. According to our understanding  the purchase prices of the operations held for sale in eastern markets can be transferred in conjunction with their sale. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  which is why they must be considered restricted cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7. Events after the review period On January 17  2023  Leipurin signed a binding preliminary agreement to sell all shares in its subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan to Timur Akhiyarov. Russian-born Akhiyarov will invest in Leipurin’s operations in eastern markets as a private investor. The sales price is approximately EUR 8.4 million. Rights to Leipurin’s name and trademarks are not included in the transaction. The transaction still needs to be approved by the local authorities. The Belarusian subsidiaries of Telko and Leipurin have been added to the list of companies whose transfer of shares are prohibited by a decision issued by the Council of Ministers of Belarus at the end of January 2023. Because of this  it is deemed unlikely that the sale of Telko's Belarusian business would proceed. This does not change Aspo Group's previously published assessment of the financial effects of the divestment. Leipurin’s Belarusian subsidiary is part of an agreement according to which the share capitals of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan would be sold to the same buyer. The decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus does not change the previously published assessment of the financial effects of the transaction  nor does it prevent the sale of Leipurin’s Russian and Kazakh subsidiaries. On January 31  Telko acquired a Polish distribution company Eltrex. Eltrex is a distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  and its annual net sales are approximately 8 million euros and operating profit slightly under one million euros. On February 9  2023  Leipurin completed a sale and lease back agreement for its warehouse property in Gothenburg  Sweden. The property came into Leipurin’s ownership via the Kobia acquisition that took place on 1 September 2022. The buyer of the property is Revelop  a Swedish real estate investor. As a result of the sale and lease back transaction  Aspo recognizes a sales gain of approximately EUR 0.4 million. According to the terms of the agreement  Leipurin leases the property for five years. The transaction is close to cost neutral  as the depreciation expense of the assets owned will be replaced by depreciation and interest expense for the leased assets of similar size. Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on February 15  2023 at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing johanna.ahtiainen@aspo.com. The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the conference. The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/full_year_result_2022. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009756. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  February 15  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 900 professionals. Attachment Aspo Financial Statement Release 2022All news about ASPO OYJ 02/15 Aspo Oyj : Q4 2022 - Presentation PU 02/15 Transcript : Aspo Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 15  2023 CI 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan GL 02/15 The Board of Directors of Aspo Plc approved key employee incentive plan AQ 02/15 Correction : Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 GL 02/15 Correction : Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2022 GL 02/15 Aspo Plc Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Proposes Second Dividend Distribution  Payable on November 2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Proposes Dividend for the Year 2022  Payable on April 17  2023 CI 02/15 Aspo Plc Announces Stepdown of Mammu Kaari From Board Member and Chairman of the Audit .. CI Financials EUR USD Sales 2022 636 M 679 M 679 M Net income 2022 27 9 M 29 7 M 29 7 M Net Debt 2022 147 M 156 M 156 M P/E ratio 2022 10 8x Yield 2022 5 52% Capitalization 263 M 281 M 281 M EV / Sales 2022 0 64x EV / Sales 2023 0 65x Nbr of Employees 936 Free-Float 59 1% Chart ASPO OYJ Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends ASPO OYJ Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bullish Neutral Bullish Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus OUTPERFORM Number of Analysts 2 Last Close Price 8 39 € Average target price 9 80 € Spread / Average Target 16 8% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Rolf Jansson Chief Executive Officer Arto Juhani Meitsalo Chief Financial Officer Heikki Seppo Westerlund Chairman Mammu Marja Liisa Kaario Deputy Chairman Mikael Laine Independent Director Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) ASPO OYJ 2.32% 281 AIR LIQUIDE 10.11% 81 240 SAUDI BASIC INDUSTRIES CORPORATION 5.82% 75 646 WANHUA CHEMICAL GROUP CO.  LTD. 7.30% 45 559 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 20.57% 32 598 GANFENG LITHIUM GROUP CO.  LTD. 10.32% 21 463,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.23,0.43,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'strong financial performance', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'January', 'December', '2022', 'GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary', 'Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Aspo Oyj News Summary', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'key employee incentive plan', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'strong financial performance', 'Homepage Equities Finland', 'Excellent fourth quarter', 'multiple email addresses', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Free cash flow', 'increasing dividend distribution', 'Other operations', '2022 financial year', 'Net cash', 'Key figures', 'operating activities', 'Aspo Plc', 'total Aspo', 'Report Report', 'net sales', 'previous year', 'ESL Shipping', 'continuing operations', 'later date', 'More information', 'discontinued operations', 'Dividend proposal', 'First name', 'corresponding period', 'maximum amount', '2022 Earnings Call', 'list', 'EST', 'Presentation', 'Transcript', 'Feb', 'Board', 'Directors', 'January', 'December', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'brackets', 'level', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'Guidance', 'payment', 'dividends', 'aim', 'annually', 'April', 'addition', 'EUR', 'section', 'taxes', 'EPS', '9:30', '2023']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18503,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Apple to scrutinize customer history for new buy nowithpay later service #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ky3EkJaypV #regtech,nan,Apple to scrutinize customer history for new buy nowithpay later service #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ky3EkJaypV #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['customer history', 'new buy', 'Apple', 'ky3EkJaypV', 'customer history', 'new buy', 'Apple', 'ky3EkJaypV']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,Unknown
18504,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,After appeals court reversal  CashCall ordered to pay $167 million #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Azk02n3Vkc #regtech,nan,After appeals court reversal  CashCall ordered to pay $167 million #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Azk02n3Vkc #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,True,English,"['appeals court reversal', 'CashCall', 'Azk02n3Vkc', 'appeals court reversal', 'CashCall', 'Azk02n3Vkc']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,Unknown
18505,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/6fe01289016966ac,Tech glitches should not be the cause of stock exchange outages in this day and age,Sylvain Thieullent Did anyone else get a funny sense of déjà vu when the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) suddenly cancelled trades after “technical glitches” with its opening auction triggered wild price swings in the likes of McDonald’s and ExxonMobil? From K…,Sylvain ThieullentDid anyone else get a funny sense of déjà vu when the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) suddenly cancelled trades after “technical glitches” with its opening auction triggered wild price swings in the likes of McDonald’s and ExxonMobil? From Knight Capital in 2012 to Euronext in 2021  over the past decade  all kinds of “glitches” have occurred and in every…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2023-02-15.,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,negative,0.01,0.0,0.99,True,English,"['stock exchange outages', 'Tech glitches', 'cause', 'day', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'déjà vu', 'wild price swings', 'Sylvain Thieullent', 'funny sense', 'opening auction', 'Knight Capital', 'past decade', 'technical glitches', 'NYSE', 'trades', 'likes', 'McDonald', 'ExxonMobil', 'Euronext', 'kinds', 'story']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,biztoc.com
18506,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-holding-n-v-reports-060100517.html,Heineken Holding N.V. reports 2022 full year results,Amsterdam  15 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) announces: Key Highlights The net result of Heineken Holding N.V.'s...,"HEINEKEN Holding NVAmsterdam  15 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) announces:Key HighlightsThe net result of Heineken Holding N.V.'s participating interest in Heineken N.V. for 2022 amounts to €1 343 millionRevenue growth 30.4%Net revenue (beia) 21.2% organic growth; per hectolitre 13.9%Beer volume 6.9% organic growth; premium beer volume 11.4%; Heineken® volume 12.5%Gross savings at €1.7 billion  on-track to deliver ahead of €2 billion by 2023Operating profit €4 283 million; operating profit (beia) 24.0% organic growthOperating profit (beia) margin 15.7%Net profit €2 682 million; net profit (beia) 30.7% organic growthFull year 2023 outlook unchanged  operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically mid- to high-single-digitFinancial Summary1IFRS Measures € million Totalgrowth BEIA Measures € million Organicgrowth2 Revenue 34 676 30.4 % Revenue (beia) 34 643 19.1 % Net revenue 28 719 30.9 % Net revenue (beia) 28 694 21.2 % Operating profit 4 283 -4.5% Operating profit (beia) 4 502 24.0 % Operating profit (beia) margin (%) 15.7 % Net profit of Heineken Holding N.V. 1 343 Net profit (beia) 2 836 30.7 % Diluted EPS (in €) 4.66 Diluted EPS (beia) (in €) 4.92 38.9 % Free operating cash flow 2 409 Net debt / EBITDA (beia)3 2.1x1 Consolidated figures are used throughout this report  unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the Glossary for an explanation of non-GAAP measures and other terms. Page 13 includes a reconciliation versus IFRS metrics. These non-GAAP measures are included in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Executive Board of HEINEKEN  as management believes that this measurement is the most relevant in evaluating the results.2 Organic growth shown  except for Diluted EPS (beia)  which is total growth.3 Includes acquisitions and excludes disposals on a 12-month pro-forma basis.Story continuesHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.During 2022 HEINEKEN accelerated the deployment of its EverGreen strategy  designed to future-proof HEINEKEN and deliver superior  balanced growth in a fast-changing world. HEINEKEN's dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is also shaping the future with its ambition to become the best digitally connected brewer  raising the bar on sustainability and responsibility and evolving its culture  operating model and capabilities. At the same time  we are stepping up on productivity to fund the investments required and improve profitability and capital efficiency.HEINEKEN's superior and balanced growth ambition is grounded in its advantaged geographic footprint  its ability to scale strong premium beer brands  including non-alcoholic variants  and in developing winning beverage propositions in fast-growing segments.Revenue for the full year 2022 was €34 676 million (2021: 26 583 million). Net revenue (beia) increased by 21.2% organically  with total consolidated volume growing by 6.4% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 13.9%. The underlying price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.3%  driven by pricing for inflation and by premiumisation. All regions contributed with double-digit organic growth. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €1 582 million or 7.2%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso  Brazilian Real  Vietnamese Dong and the US Dollar. Consolidation changes positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €570 million or 2.6%  mainly from the consolidation of United Breweries Limited (UBL) in India.Beer volume grew 6.9% organically for the full year and was ahead of 2019 by 2.7% on an organic basis. The growth was led by the sharp recovery of Asia Pacific in the second half of the year  the reopening of the on-trade in Europe in the first half following the COVID-related restrictions of last year and continued growth in the Americas and Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe regions.Beer volume 4Q22 Organicgrowth FY22 Organicgrowth (in mhl) 4Q21 FY21 Heineken N.V. 63.3 61.1 3.5 % 256.9 231.2 6.9 %In the fourth quarter  net revenue (beia) grew organically by 17.4%  with double-digit growth across all regions. Total consolidated volume grew 3.0% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre was up 14.0%. Price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.5%  again driven by pricing and premiumisation. Beer volume grew 3.5%  driven by Asia Pacific and continued growth in Europe  more than offsetting lower volume in other regions.Premium beer volume grew 11.4% versus last year and came 15.6% ahead of 2019  organically. HEINEKEN's premium brands outperformed the total portfolio in the majority of its markets and accounted for more than half of our total organic growth in beer volume in 2022.This growth is led by Heineken®  up 12.5% versus last year (14.5% excluding Russia) and 31.5% relative to 2019  significantly outperforming the total beer market. The growth was broad-based with more than 50 markets growing double-digits in 2022. The strong growth was led by Heineken® Original  bolstered by the remarkable performance of its line extensions. Heineken® Silver more than doubled its volume  driven by excellent performances in Vietnam and China and its global rollout  reaching 28 markets in total by the end of 2022.Heineken® volume 4Q22 Organicgrowth FY22 Organicgrowth (in mhl) Total 14.8 11.2 % 54.9 12.5 %Outlook 2023For 2023  HEINEKEN expects operating profit (beia) to grow organically mid- to high-single-digit  subject to any significant unforeseen macroeconomic and geopolitical developments. This outlook is based on continued progress on HEINEKEN's EverGreen strategy  a challenging global economic environment and lower consumer confidence in certain markets.HEINEKEN expects further progress towards building great brands  its digital route to consumer  strategic capabilities and HEINEKEN's Brew a Better World activities with commensurate investments. HEINEKEN also expects stable to modestly growing volume  increasing in developing markets and declining in Europe. HEINEKEN will continue the discipline to price responsibly as per local market conditions  aiming to cover most of the absolute impact of inflation in its cost base. HEINEKEN anticipates an increase in its input costs in the high teens per hectolitre and significantly higher energy costs  particularly in Europe. HEINEKEN will deliver on its gross savings ahead of the €2 billion target relative to the cost base of 2019  including an increased ambition of savings in Europe. Overall as a result  net revenue (beia) will grow organically ahead of operating profit (beia). Due to the phasing of marketing and selling expenses and input cost pressures  the operating profit (beia) organic growth will be skewed towards the second half.HEINEKEN also expects in 2023 an average effective interest rate (beia) of around 3.1% (2022: 2.8%); an effective tax rate (beia) of around 27% (2022: 27.7%) and a significant increase in other net finance expenses  driven by the expected impact from foreign currencies in some emerging markets. As a result  net profit (beia) is expected to grow organically in line or below the operating profit (beia).Finally  HEINEKEN expects investments in capital expenditure related to property  plant and equipment and intangible assets to amount to c.9% of net revenue (beia) (2022: c.7%)Total Dividend For 2022The Heineken N.V. dividend policy is to pay a ratio of 30% to 40% of full year net profit (beia). For 2022  a total cash dividend of €1.73 per share  representing an increase of 40% (2021: €1.24)  and a payout ratio of 35.1%  in the middle of the range of Heineken N.V.'s policy  will be proposed to the Heineken N.V. Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023. If approved  a final dividend of €1.23 per share will be paid on 2 May 2023  as an interim dividend of €0.50 per share was paid on 11 August 2022.If Heineken N.V. shareholders approve the proposed dividend  Heineken Holding N.V. will  according to its Articles of Association  pay an identical dividend per share. A final dividend of €1.23 per share of €1.60 nominal value will be payable as of 2 May 2023.Both the Heineken Holding N.V. shares and the Heineken N.V. shares will trade ex-dividend on 24 April 2023. The dividend payment will be subject to a 15% Dutch withholding tax.Translational Calculated Currency ImpactThe translational currency impact for 2022 was positive  amounting to €1 582 million on net revenue (beia)  €258 million at operating profit (beia) and €198 million at net profit (beia).Applying spot rates as of 13 February 2023 to the 2022 financial results as a base  the calculated currency translational impact would be negative  approximately €560 million in net revenue (beia)  €80 million at operating profit (beia)  and €40 million at net profit (beia).Board of Directors CompositionMrs C.L. de Carvalho-Heineken and Mr M.R. de Carvalho will have completed their four-year appointment term upon conclusion of the Heineken Holding N.V. Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023 ('2023 AGM'). Mrs C.L. de Carvalho-Heineken and Mr M.R. de Carvalho are eligible for reappointment as executive member of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V. for a period of four years and non-binding recommendations shall be submitted to the 2023 AGM in this respect.Mrs C.M. Kwist will have completed her four-year appointment term upon conclusion of the 2023 AGM. Mrs Kwist is eligible for reappointment as non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V. for a period of four years and a non-binding recommendation shall be submitted to the 2023 AGM in this respect.Mr C.A.G. de Carvalho has informed the Company that he will step down as a non-executive member of the Board of Directors at the end of the 2023 AGM. Mr de Carvalho accepted a job offer at McKinsey that is incompatible with a board position at Heineken Holding N.V. due to potential conflicts of interest with clients that McKinsey serves. The Board of Directors would like to thank Mr de Carvalho for his contribution to the Board of Directors over the past year and wishes him the best in his future business endeavours.EnquiriesMedia Heineken Holding N.V. Kees Jongsma tel. +31 6 54 79 82 53 E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nl Media Investors Sarah Backhouse José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Investor Relations Director Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communications Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Investor Calendar Heineken N.V.(events also accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders)Combined financial and sustainability annual report publication 23 February 2023 Trading Update for Q1 2023 19 April 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 20 April 2023 Quotation ex-final dividend 2022 24 April 2023 Final dividend 2022 payable 2 May 2023 Half Year 2023 Results 31 July 2023 Quotation ex-interim dividend 2023 2 August 2023 Interim dividend payable 10 August 2023 Trading Update for Q3 2023 25 October 2023Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor video webcast about its 2022 FY results at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT/ 08.00 EST. This call will also be accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders. The live video webcast will be accessible via the Heineken N.V.’s website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/results-reports-webcasts-and-presentations.An audio replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (Local): 020 3936 2999 Netherlands: 085 888 7233 USA: 1 646 664 1960 All other locations: +44 20 3936 2999 Participation password for all countries: 589454Editorial information:Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. HEINEKEN's dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN operates breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on www.heinekenholding.com and www.theheinekencompany.com and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse Regulation:This press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', '2022 full year results', '4Q21 FY21 Heineken N.V.', 'Free operating cash flow', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'strong premium beer brands', 'HEINEKEN Holding NV', 'high-single-digit Financial Summary1', 'advantaged geographic footprint', 'winning beverage propositions', 'United Breweries Limited', '12-month pro-forma basis', 'constant geographic basis', 'total beer market', 'premium beer volume', 'total consolidated volume', 'internal management reports', 'FY22 Organic growth', 'superior, balanced growth', 'balanced growth ambition', 'total organic growth', 'double-digit organic growth', 'Eastern Europe regions', 'premium brands', 'organic basis', 'Heineken® volume', '1 Consolidated figures', 'total portfolio', 'total growth', 'double-digit growth', 'proof HEINEKEN', 'lower volume', 'Organic growth2', '21.2% organic growth', '6.9% organic growth', '24.0% organic growth', '30.7% organic growth', 'Operating profit', 'operating model', 'Key Highlights', 'net result', 'participating interest', 'Gross savings', 'Net profit', 'IFRS Measures', '09 Net debt', 'GAAP measures', 'other terms', 'IFRS metrics', 'Executive Board', 'EverGreen strategy', 'changing world', 'same time', 'capital efficiency', 'non-alcoholic variants', 'growing segments', 'Currency translation', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Vietnamese Dong', 'US Dollar', 'sharp recovery', 'Asia Pacific', 'COVID-related restrictions', 'Middle East', 'fourth quarter', 'Full year', 'Net revenue', 'other regions', 'Revenue growth', 'Diluted EPS', 'second half', 'first half', 'underlying price-mix', 'Consolidation changes', 'last year', 'BEIA Measures', 'Amsterdam', '15 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'hectolitre', 'track', 'margin', 'EBITDA', 'Glossary', 'explanation', 'Page', 'reconciliation', 'measurement', 'results', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Story', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'deployment', 'future', 'dream', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'bar', 'sustainability', 'responsibility', 'culture', 'capabilities', 'productivity', 'investments', 'profitability', 'pricing', 'inflation', 'premiumisation', 'India', 'reopening', 'trade', 'Americas', 'Africa', 'mhl', 'majority', 'markets', 'Russia', '€', '2022', '2019']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18509,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-n-v-reports-2022-060000624.html,Heineken N.V. reports 2022 full year results,Amsterdam  15 February 2023 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) announces: Key Highlights Revenue growth 30.4%Net revenue (beia) 21.2% organic...,"HEINEKEN NVAmsterdam  15 February 2023 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) announces:Key HighlightsRevenue growth 30.4%Net revenue (beia) 21.2% organic growth; per hectolitre 13.9%Beer volume 6.9% organic growth; premium beer volume 11.4%; Heineken ® volume 12.5%Gross savings at €1.7 billion  on-track to deliver ahead of €2 billion by 2023Operating profit €4 283 million; operating profit (beia) 24.0% organic growthOperating profit (beia) margin 15.7%Net profit €2 682 million; net profit (beia) 30.7% organic growthDiluted EPS (beia) €4.92 (2021: €3.54)Full year 2023 outlook unchanged  operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically mid- to high-single-digitCEO StatementDolf van den Brink  Chairman of the Executive Board / CEO  commented:""I am pleased that we delivered a strong set of results in 2022 in a continuously challenging and volatile environment  growing ahead of the beer category in the majority of our markets.Our premium portfolio continued to outperform  led by the excellent momentum of the Heineken® brand and further propelled by the roll-out of Heineken® Silver. We are innovating to expand our leadership positions in non-alcoholic and in beyond beer. We are accelerating the deployment of our business-to-business digital platforms and continued the decarbonisation of our breweries. The progress on these and many other initiatives make us confident that our EverGreen strategy is on course to deliver long-term  sustainable value creation.We delivered balanced growth as we priced responsibly  made a further step in our productivity programme and continued to invest in our brands and capabilities. Compared to 2019  volume has now fully recovered  net revenue (beia) is ahead by close to 18% and operating profit (beia) by over 11%  organically.For the coming year  the global economic outlook will remain challenging. We will continue to invest  whilst staying disciplined on pricing and costs. Our outlook  as shared on 30 November 2022  remains unchanged.""Story continuesFinancial Summary1IFRS Measures € million Totalgrowth BEIA Measures € million Organicgrowth2 Revenue 34 676 30.4 % Revenue (beia) 34 643 19.1 % Net revenue 28 719 30.9 % Net revenue (beia) 28 694 21.2 % Operating profit 4 283 -4.5% Operating profit (beia) 4 502 24.0 % Operating profit (beia) margin (%) 15.7 % Net profit 2 682 -19.3% Net profit (beia) 2 836 30.7 % Diluted EPS (in €) 4.65 -19.4% Diluted EPS (beia) (in €) 4.92 38.9 % Free operating cash flow 2 409 Net debt / EBITDA (beia)3 2.1x1 Consolidated figures are used throughout this report  unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the Glossary for an explanation of non-GAAP measures and other terms. Page 24 includes a reconciliation versus IFRS metrics. These non-GAAP measures are included in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Executive Board of HEINEKEN  as management believes that this measurement is the most relevant in evaluating the results.2 Organic growth shown  except for Diluted EPS (beia)  which is total growth.3 Includes acquisitions and excludes disposals on a 12-month pro-forma basis.Operational ReviewDuring 2022  we accelerated the deployment of our EverGreen strategy  designed to future-proof the company and deliver superior  balanced growth in a fast-changing world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are also shaping the future with our ambition to become the best digitally connected brewer  raising the bar on sustainability and responsibility and evolving our culture  operating model and capabilities. At the same time  we are stepping up on productivity to fund the investments required and improve profitability and capital efficiency.SHAPE THE FUTURE OF BEER AND BEYONDSuperior and balanced growthOur superior and balanced growth ambition is grounded in our advantaged geographic footprint  our ability to scale strong premium beer brands  including non-alcoholic variants  and in developing winning beverage propositions in fast-growing segments.Revenue for the full year 2022 was €34 676 million (2021: 26 583 million). Net revenue (beia) increased by 21.2% organically  with total consolidated volume growing by 6.4% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 13.9%. The underlying price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.3%  driven by pricing for inflation and by premiumisation. All regions contributed with double-digit organic growth. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €1 582 million or 7.2%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso  Brazilian Real  Vietnamese Dong and the US Dollar. Consolidation changes positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €570 million or 2.6%  mainly from the consolidation of United Breweries Limited (UBL) in India.Beer volume grew 6.9% organically for the full year and was ahead of 2019 by 2.7% on an organic basis. The growth was led by the sharp recovery of Asia Pacific in the second half of the year  the reopening of the on-trade in Europe in the first half following the COVID-related restrictions of last year and continued growth in the Americas and Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe regions.Beer volume 4Q22 Organicgrowth FY22 Organicgrowth (in mhl) 4Q21 FY21 Heineken N.V. 63.3 61.1 3.5 % 256.9 231.2 6.9 % Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe 9.8 10.1 -3.3 % 39.2 38.9 1.5 % Americas 23.8 23.9 -0.5 % 88.5 85.4 3.7 % Asia Pacific 12.2 10.0 22.9 % 48.0 29.4 29.3 % Europe 17.5 17.1 1.9 % 81.2 77.5 4.6 %In the fourth quarter  net revenue (beia) grew organically by 17.4%  with double-digit growth across all regions. Total consolidated volume grew 3.0% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre was up 14.0%. Price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.5%  again driven by pricing and premiumisation. Beer volume grew 3.5%  driven by Asia Pacific and continued growth in Europe  more than offsetting lower volume in other regions.Driving premiumisation at scale  led by Heineken®Premium beer volume grew 11.4% versus last year and came 15.6% ahead of 2019  organically. Our premium brands outperformed the total portfolio in the majority of our markets and accounted for more than half of our total organic growth in beer volume in 2022.This growth is led by Heineken®  up 12.5% versus last year (14.5% excluding Russia) and 31.5% relative to 2019  significantly outperforming the total beer market. The growth was broad-based with more than 50 markets growing double-digits in 2022. The strong growth was led by Heineken® Original  bolstered by the remarkable performance of its line extensions. Heineken® Silver more than doubled its volume  driven by excellent performances in Vietnam and China and its global rollout  reaching 28 markets in total by the end of 2022.Heineken® volume 4Q22 Organicgrowth FY22 Organicgrowth (in mhl) Total 14.8 11.2 % 54.9 12.5 % Africa Middle East & Eastern Europe 1.7 -9.5 % 6.4 -2.7 % Americas 6.4 6.9 % 22.2 13.5 % Asia Pacific 2.9 51.3 % 9.5 33.4 % Europe 3.7 7.8 % 16.8 8.0 %Heineken® connects with millions of consumers every year with world-class campaigns and sponsorships to share our brand DNA in a meaningful way to spark growth  and to contribute to our sustainability goals and responsibility initiatives. In 2022  we launched the ‘Cheers to All Fans’ campaign  tackling gender bias affecting football's players and fans. 2022 was Heineken®’s first year as a leading sponsor of the UEFA Women’s EUROs  with the objective to become the most inclusive sponsor of the tournament.We continued to successfully premiumise at scale via our international brands portfolio  complementing Heineken® by connecting with an even more diverse range of consumer needs. Amstel grew volume in the mid-twenties  with more than 15 markets growing double-digits  with a particularly strong performance in Brazil and continued momentum behind Amstel Ultra. Birra Moretti grew in the mid-teens versus last year  sharing the true taste of Italy across Europe  with outstanding growth in the Netherlands  Serbia  Romania  Switzerland and Ireland. In the UK  Birra Moretti more than doubled its volume versus 2019 and became the market leader of the premium segment by value. 2022 was the year of the Tiger; our brand roared back to volume growth of more than 40%  driven by the recovery in Southeast Asia  the success of Tiger Crystal and continued growth in Nigeria and Brazil.Pioneer choice in low & no-alcoholWe believe in empowering consumers seeking to enjoy a lower or no-alcohol-content beverage by ensuring there is always a choice – everywhere and on any occasion. Meeting this consumer need  our Low & No-Alcohol (LONO) portfolio grew by low-single-digit as continued momentum in the majority of our markets was partially offset by declines in Egypt  Russia and Poland. Our non-alcoholic beer and cider portfolio grew by mid-single-digit  led by the growth of Heineken® 0.0 in the low-teens in Europe and the Americas regions.We continued to introduce consumer-inspired innovations to enhance our non-alcoholic beer and cider portfolio. For example  in the United States  Lagunitas launched Hoppy Refresher  an adult beverage proposition of hop-infused sparkling water that can compete with carbonated soft drinks. In Nigeria  we launched ZAGG  a malt-based energy drink  entering a new category in Nigeria with potential to scale beyond within the Region. In Mexico  we are currently introducing Tecate 0.0  a non-alcoholic variant to our second largest brand globally by volume  aiming to counter the stigma that beer cannot be enjoyed during mid-day meal occasions.Explore beyond beerAs we expand our view of consumer demand  we see opportunities beyond beer for flavoured  innovative  natural and moderate propositions leveraging our industrial and route to market base. We are leveraging our scale as the second largest player in this segment outside of the United States to explore further this consumer space. Our overall volume of flavoured beer and beyond beer alcoholic propositions grew by a mid-single-digit to 12.9 million hectolitres (2021: 12.3 million hectolitres).Desperados is the leading ""spirit beer"" for high energy occasions with a presence in more than 80 countries. It continued its growth momentum in 2022  doubling its volume in Nigeria  with continued growth in Europe (particularly in Germany  the UK  Spain and France) and boosted by Desperados cocktail inspired line extensions and Virgin 0.0.We expanded our global leadership position in Cider. Global volume grew by a low-single-digit to 5.0 million hectolitres (2021: 4.9 million)  mainly driven by the strong growth of Strongbow in South Africa. We launched Strongbow Ultra  a low-calorie  low-carb and natural proposition to renovate the brand and the overall cider category with strong early results. In the UK  Strongbow Ultra Dark Fruit reached c.70% of the size of the total hard seltzer category in its first year of launch.In Mexico  we launched Sol Mangoyada  further strengthening our leadership position in beyond beer. In the United States  building on the success of Dos Equis Lime and Salt around rituals that consumers follow  we launched Dos Equis Classic Lime Margarita.Our advantaged footprintWe continue to develop and expand our geographical and portfolio footprint to enhance our long-term  sustained growth advantage.Between 18 and 24 January 2023 the Competition Tribunal of South Africa held the hearings related to the transaction with Distell Group Holdings Limited and Namibia Breweries Limited  and we are awaiting their final decision. We remain very excited with the opportunity to bring together strong businesses to create a regional beverage champion  and we are committed to being a strong partner for growth and to make a positive impact in the communities in which we operate. We continue to expect the transaction to close in the coming months.We continue to make progress to transfer the ownership of our business in Russia whilst dealing with frequently changing regulations. We remain optimistic in our ability to reach an agreement in the coming months. Based on our current assessment  an impairment of €88 million is recorded for the period ended 31 December 2022. See page 14 for more details.On 19 October 2022  we acquired 28.2% of the shares of Grupa Zywiec (GZ) and  on 20 December 2022  concluded a mandatory tender bid for the remaining 6.6% of the shares. On 19 January 2023  we acquired the remaining shares of GZ through a squeeze-out process  becoming the sole owner of the company. GZ has filed an application to delist from the Warsaw Stock Exchange.BECOME THE BEST-CONNECTED BREWERHEINEKEN wants to become the best-connected  most relevant brewer for customers living in the digital age. To achieve this  we are digitally transforming our business and modernising our technology landscape at the same time.Digitise our route-to-consumerWe continue to deploy our business-to-business digital (eB2B) platforms  supported by the eBusiness team  which is driving this capability globally. By the end of 2022  the platforms captured €9.2 billion in gross merchandise value  2.5x the value of last year. We now connect more than half a million customers  over 50% more than last year. The growth was driven by Vietnam  Nigeria  Mexico  Brazil  the UK  Ireland  France  Italy and Cambodia.The digitisation of customer relationships unlocks new growth with more and better services and data insights  increasing sales and productivity. For example  with AIDDA  an artificial intelligence application  we support our sales representatives to help our customers grow  making our sales organisation more effective and efficient.We will start migrating our eB2B platforms under a single brand name and identity: eazle  business made easy. The transition will enable better features at scale resulting in improved customer experience with increased efficiency  helping them to grow their business.FUND THE GROWTH  FUEL THE PROFITOur growth algorithm aims to deliver superior  balanced growth enabled by incremental investments behind the power of our brands  digital transformation  capabilities and sustainability objectives. We are bringing balance to our growth  investing behind the power of our brands which enables us to price responsibly. To fund the growth and offset inflationary pressures  we are structurally addressing our cost base and building a cost-conscious culture. We are embedding this into an ongoing continuum of productivity improvements to fuel profit growth ahead of revenue growth over time.During 2022  we made significant progress in the delivery of our productivity programme  targeting €2 billion of structural gross savings by 2023  relative to our cost base of 2019. By the end of 2022  we captured €1.7 billion of these gross savings and are well on track to deliver ahead of our target in 2023.We are improving our performance on cost and embedding cost management in the capabilities of the organisation. Our teams are advancing thousands of initiatives across all our operating companies and the head office. We are also accelerating large-scale transformation programmes  such as the transition to a network model for our supply chain in Europe. These achievements gave us the confidence to declare our new ambition to deliver ongoing productivity gains of €400 million year on year.We continued to invest in our business and in addition  we reversed the significant cost mitigation actions undertaken in 2021 to partially offset the financial impact of COVID-related restrictions. Last year  these represented a reduction of expenses (beia) of circa €0.5 billion for the full year relative to 2019.Operating profit (beia) grew 24.0% organically driven by the volume recovery in Asia Pacific and Europe  pricing for inflation  premiumisation and the delivery of our productivity programme  partially offset by inflationary pressures in our cost base and incremental investments behind our growth agenda. Currency translation positively impacted operating profit (beia) by €258 million  or 7.6%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso  Vietnamese Dong and Brazilian Real. Operating profit declined by 4.5% as the strong profit recovery this year was offset by lower exceptional gains  which in the previous year included the €1.3 billion remeasurement to fair value of the previously held equity interest in United Breweries (UBL) in India.Net profit (beia) grew 30.7% organically to €2 836 million (2021: €2 041 million)  ahead of the growth in operating profit (beia) due to a lower effective tax rate. Currency translation positively impacted net profit (beia) by €198 million or 9.7%  driven mainly by the Mexican Peso  Vietnamese Dong and Brazilian Real. Net profit after exceptional items and amortisation of acquisition-related intangibles was €2 682 million (2021: €3 324 million)  lower than last year due to the exceptional gains in 2021 as explained above.For more details  please refer to the Financial Review.RAISE THE BAR ON SUSTAINABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITYBrew a Better World is our 2030 strategy to drive progress towards a net zero  fairer and more balanced world. We are making good progress across all three pillars and are building executional momentum to deliver our ambitions.Environmental: Path to net zero impactOur ambition is to reach net zero carbon emissions across our value chain by 2040  with an intermediate 2030 goal to reach net zero in scope 1 and 2  reduce our emissions in scope 3 by 21%  and across our value chain (scope 1  2 and 3) by 30%. Since 2018  we have reduced our absolute carbon emissions in scope 1 and 2 by 18% (2021: 16%). We also increased the percentage of combined renewable energy to 37% (2021: 27%). We are driving progress in scope 3 by engaging our top packaging  cooling and raw material partners globally to set science-based targets and unlock low-carbon solutions. We also achieved an “A” score for Climate from the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) in 2022.We continue to focus on healthy watersheds via water efficiency  water circularity and water balancing. Our 2030 ambition is to reduce water usage to 2.6 hectolitre per hectolitre (hl/hl) in water-stressed areas and 2.9 hl/hl worldwide. In 2022  we reached 3.0 hl/hl and 3.3 hl/hl (2021: 3.1 and 3.4)  respectively. 26 of our 31 sites in water-stressed areas have begun watershed protection programmes and 29% of these sites are fully balanced. 97% of our total wastewater volume is now treated before discharge.When it comes to circularity  more than 75% of our production sites are now landfill-free  meaning 99% of our total waste volume globally was reused or recycled in 2022.Social: Path to an inclusive  fair and equitable worldWe are making progress when it comes to gender diversity. Over the last 5 years  we increased the percentage of senior management positions held by women from 19% to 27% (2021: 25%). Our ambition is to achieve 30% by 2025 and 40% by 2030 on the path to gender balance.We also aim for equal pay for equal work between female and male colleagues and want to ensure that all employees worldwide earn at least a fair wage by 2023. By the end of 2022  100% of operating companies have been assessed on equal pay and have detailed action plans to drive year-on-year progress. Regarding fair wage  100% of operating companies have been assessed and over 99% of direct employees earn at least a fair wage  as defined by the Fair Wage Network.1As part of our ambition to create a positive impact in our communities  we reached our annual target of having a social impact initiative in place in 100% of our in-scope markets. We also increased the volume of locally sourced agricultural raw materials in Africa by 26% compared to a 2020 baseline  meaning we are halfway to our goal of 50% by 2025.1 A fair wage is often higher than the minimum wage and should be sufficient for a decent standard of living  covering the basic needs for the employee and their family: from food  housing and education to healthcare  transportation and some discretionary income and savings. Data on fair wages is obtained from the Fair Wage Network.Responsible: Path to moderate and no harmful useOur ambition is to make 0.0 alcohol options available for consumers everywhere so that there is always a choice. Heineken® 0.0 is now available in close to 110 markets and  by 2023  we aim for a zero-alcohol option to be available for at least two strategic brands in the majority of our operating companies  accounting for 90% of our business by volume. By the end of 2022  we were at 46% (2021: 43%).We continue to use the power of our flagship brand to advance responsible consumption and make moderation cool. In 2022  our operating companies invested over 10% of Heineken® media spend reaching at least 1.2 billion unique consumers worldwide.In addition to this  100% of our in-scope markets had a partnership with governments and society to address alcohol-related harm.GovernanceIn 2022  we continued to raise the bar on our ways of working  governance and transparent reporting. Given the importance of sustainability and responsibility for long-term value creation:We introduced three ESG metrics in our long-term incentive plan for senior managers  representing 25% of total remuneration. This proposal was approved for the Executive Board at the 2022 AGM in April;We further integrated sustainability & responsibility into our existing planning processes  including ring-fencing the required investments;We are enhancing our reporting capabilities to meet emerging requirements such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). We also completed our first TCFD analysis and the outcomes are included in the Annual Report.UNLOCKING THE FULL POTENTIAL OF OUR PEOPLE AND ORGANISATIONCritical to the success of our multi-year EverGreen strategy is the evolution of our culture. Since the launch of EverGreen  we have been focused on this shift towards disciplined entrepreneurship with more agility  external focus  and clear accountability. Throughout the organisation  we have redesigned processes to facilitate horizontal learning and codified new behaviours that support EverGreen in our ambition to shape the future of beer and beyond.Our Employee Engagement scores rank in the top quartile of the benchmark of high performing companies and we aspire to maintain this. In 2022  we scored even higher whilst our teams were dealing with uncertainty and change  a clear sign of the strength and commitment of our people.Outlook 2023On 30 November 2022  ahead of our Capital Markets Event  we reconfirmed our guidance to our outlook statements. These expectations remain unchanged and are included here as a reminder with further details.For 2023  we expect operating profit (beia) to grow organically mid- to high-single-digit  subject to any significant unforeseen macroeconomic and geopolitical developments. This outlook is based on continued progress on EverGreen  a challenging global economic environment and lower consumer confidence in certain markets.We expect further progress towards building great brands  our digital route to consumer  strategic capabilities and our Brew a Better World activities with commensurate investments. We also expect stable to modestly growing volume  increasing in developing markets and declining in Europe. We will continue the discipline to price responsibly as per local market conditions  aiming to cover most of the absolute impact of inflation in our cost base. We anticipate an increase in our input costs in the high teens per hectolitre and significantly higher energy costs  particularly in Europe. We will deliver on our gross savings ahead of the €2 billion target relative to the cost base of 2019  including an increased ambition of savings in Europe. Overall as a result  net revenue (beia) will grow organically ahead of operating profit (beia). Due to the phasing of marketing and selling expenses and input cost pressures  the operating profit (beia) organic growth will be skewed towards the second half.We also expect in 2023 an average effective interest rate (beia) of around 3.1% (2022: 2.8%); an effective tax rate (beia) of around 27% (2022: 27.7%) and a significant increase in other net finance expenses  driven by the expected impact from foreign currencies in some emerging markets. As a result  net profit (beia) is expected to grow organically in line or below the operating profit (beia).Finally  we expect investments in capital expenditure related to property  plant and equipment and intangible assets to amount to c.9% of net revenue (beia) (2022: c.7%)Total Dividend For 2022The Heineken N.V. dividend policy is to pay a ratio of 30% to 40% of full year net profit (beia). For 2022  a total cash dividend of €1.73 per share  representing an increase of 40% (2021: €1.24)  and a payout ratio of 35.1%  in the middle of the range of our policy  will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023 (""2023 AGM""). If approved  a final dividend of €1.23 per share will be paid on 2 May 2023  as an interim dividend of €0.50 per share was paid on 11 August 2022. The payment will be subject to a 15% Dutch withholding tax. The ex-dividend date for Heineken N.V. shares will be 24 April 2023.Translational Calculated Currency ImpactThe translational currency impact for 2022 was positive  amounting to €1 582 million on net revenue (beia)  €258 million at operating profit (beia) and €198 million at net profit (beia).Applying spot rates as of 13 February 2023 to the 2022 financial results as a base  the calculated currency translational impact would be negative  approximately €560 million in net revenue (beia)  €80 million at operating profit (beia)  and €40 million at net profit (beia).Supervisory Board CompositionOn 20 December 2022  HEINEKEN announced the nomination of Mrs. Beatriz Pardo and Mr. Lodewijk Hijmans van den Bergh for appointment as members of the Supervisory Board at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on 20 April 2023 for a four-year term.Mrs. Beatriz Pardo  a Spanish national  is Vice President General Manager of Starbucks Reserve in the United States at the Starbucks Coffee Company. She joined Starbucks in 2018 from Grupo Vips where she was Division CEO. Prior to this  Mrs. Pardo held executive positions in Carrefour  Canelafoods and Monitor Deloitte. During her international career  she built up extensive experience in brand strategy  retail concept innovation and operations. She graduated in Economics and Business Administration from the Universidad Pontificia de Comillas of Madrid.Mr. Lodewijk Hijmans van den Bergh  a Dutch national  currently serves as chairman of the Supervisory Board of BE Semiconductor Industries (until its AGM in April 2023). He is also a member of the Supervisory Board of ING and vice-chairman of the Supervisory Board of HAL Holding. He is a lawyer and was partner at the law firm De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek. He was also Chief Corporate Governance Counsel and member of the Executive Board of Royal Ahold. He has vast expertise in corporate governance  corporate law and sustainability. He holds a master’s degree in law from Utrecht University.Furthermore  non-binding nominations for the reappointment of Mr. Michel de Carvalho and Mrs. Rosemary Ripley for a period of four years shall be submitted to the AGM on 20 April 2023 for approval. Mrs. Ingrid–Helen Arnold’s term at the Supervisory Board will end at the AGM. The Supervisory Board is grateful for Mrs. Arnold’s commitment and contributions to the Supervisory Board and its Audit Committee over the past years.EnquiriesMedia Investors Sarah Backhouse José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Investor Relations Director Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communications Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Investor Calendar Heineken N.V.Combined financial and sustainability annual report publication 23 February 2023 Trading Update for Q1 2023 19 April 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 20 April 2023 Quotation ex-final dividend 2022 24 April 2023 Final dividend 2022 payable 2 May 2023 Half Year 2023 Results 31 July 2023 Quotation ex-interim dividend 2023 2 August 2023 Interim dividend payable 10 August 2023 Trading Update for Q3 2023 25 October 2023Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor video webcast about its 2022 FY results at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT/ 08.00 EST. The live video webcast will be accessible via the company’s website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/results-reports-webcasts-and-presentations .An audio replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (Local): 020 3936 2999 Netherlands: 085 888 7233 USA: 1 646 664 1960 All other locations: +44 20 3936 2999 Participation password for all countries: 589454Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Heineken N.V.', '2022 full year results', 'Dolf van den Brink', 'long-term, sustainable value creation', 'Free operating cash flow', 'strong premium beer brands', 'global economic outlook', 'advantaged geographic footprint', 'winning beverage propositions', '12-month pro-forma basis', 'constant geographic basis', 'many other initiatives', 'Heineken N.V.', 'high-single-digit CEO Statement', 'business digital platforms', 'internal management reports', 'United Breweries Limited', 'double-digit organic growth', 'premium beer volume', 'total consolidated volume', 'balanced growth ambition', 'superior, balanced growth', 'strong set', 'premium portfolio', 'organic basis', 'total growth', '1 Consolidated figures', 'other terms', 'Operating profit', 'operating model', '21.2% organic growth', '6.9% organic growth', '24.0% organic growth', '30.7% organic growth', '2 Organic growth', 'Heineken ® volume', 'Organic growth2', 'HEINEKEN NV', 'Key Highlights', 'Gross savings', 'Net profit', 'Executive Board', 'volatile environment', 'beer category', 'excellent momentum', 'Heineken® brand', 'Heineken® Silver', 'leadership positions', 'EverGreen strategy', 'Financial Summary1', 'IFRS Measures', '2,409 Net debt', 'GAAP measures', 'IFRS metrics', 'Operational Review', 'changing world', 'same time', 'capital efficiency', 'alcoholic variants', 'growing segments', 'underlying price-mix', 'Currency translation', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Vietnamese Dong', 'US Dollar', 'sharp recovery', 'Asia Pacific', 'second half', 'first half', 'Revenue growth', 'Full year', 'coming year', 'Net revenue', 'Diluted EPS', 'productivity programme', 'Consolidation changes', 'BEIA Measures', 'Amsterdam', '15 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'hectolitre', 'margin', 'Chairman', 'results', 'challenging', 'majority', 'markets', 'roll', 'deployment', 'decarbonisation', 'progress', 'course', 'step', 'capabilities', 'pricing', 'costs', '30 November', 'Story', 'EBITDA', 'Glossary', 'explanation', 'Page', 'reconciliation', 'measurement', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'company', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'bar', 'sustainability', 'responsibility', 'culture', 'investments', 'profitability', 'SHAPE', 'BEYOND', 'inflation', 'premiumisation', 'regions', 'India', 'reopening', 'trade', 'Europe', 'COVID-rela', '2022', '€']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18510,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4578436-lyrical-asset-management-2022-global-review-letter,Lyrical Asset Management 2022 Global Review Letter,Lyrical Asset Management published its 2022 Global Review Letter recently. Click here to read the full fund letter.,scyther52022 Global Value Review*Partial year  inception date of 5/31/19. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Click to enlargeThe Global Value portfolio outperformed the MSCI World index by 290 bps in 2022. For the first three quarters of the year  the portfolio was slightly behind the index  before surging in the fourth quarter  with a +15.1% return  compared to +9.8% for the MSCI World.Since inception in 2019  the portfolio has generated a 9.6% annualized return  with 100 bps and 220 bps of annual outperformance  against the MSCI World and MSCI World Value indices  respectively. We have achieved this result while climbing a wall of worry that has included: a value downcycle in 2019  COVID in 2020  an economic reopening in 2021  and then inflation  rising interest rates  the war in Ukraine  and a weakened European economy in 2022.From a valuation perspective  the portfolio is trading at 9.4x 12-month forward earnings  which is as cheap as it’s been since the strategy was launched in 2019. And  from an earnings perspective  the portfolio shows superior fundamentals with better historical earnings growth and more resilient earnings during economic downturns. Since inception  we have not seen as attractive a combination of value and growth in our portfolio.LOOKING BACKThe Global Value portfolio ended 2022 ahead of the MSCI World but behind the MSCI World Value. The portfolio lagged the value index in 2022  with most of this underperformance attributable to differences in sector composition. Relative to the World Value index  the portfolio is overweight Information Technology and Consumer Discretionary by 31%  which we estimate created an ~5% headwind to returns. The portfolio is 15% underweight Energy and Consumer Staples  which hurt performance by another ~5%. In summary  sector weightings explain all the -8.8% relative return to the value index and then some.While the sector differences to the value benchmark hurt the performance in 2022  we think that our positioning is right for the long haul. These sector weights emerge from our bottom-up stock selection process  not from an active top-down approach.Besides Value  we look for Quality and Analyzability. The traits of Quality and Analyzability have led us toward cheap stocks with attractive growth within the Information Technology and Consumer Discretionary sectors  and away from cheap unanalyzable stocks within the Energy sector and expensive stocks within Staples.THE ERROR OF TRACKING VALUE INDICESWe worry little about tracking the MSCI World Value  which is structured to own lower-growth businesses (like consumer staples) or lower-quality businesses (like energy and commodities). This hasn’t been a winning long-term approach for that index. On the graph below  we present the annual return of the MSCI World Value relative to the MSCI World going back to 2000. The tech bubble burst in March 2000 and the value index had an amazing year  outperforming by over 13 percentage points. Over the next six years  the value index continued to outperform  and over the full seven-year period  the value index cumulative return was 52.9% compared to just 16.1% for the MSCI World  an outperformance margin of 36.8 percentage points.In 2007 the good run for the MSCI World Value ended  and for the next 15 years it underperformed almost every year. Over that period  the value index still appreciated 99.7%  but it lagged the 193.2% return of the MSCI World by a whopping 93.5 percentage points. Now  finally  in 2022 the value index had its best year of relative performance since the tech bubble ended in 2000  outperforming by 11.6 percentage points.MSCI World Value Returns Relative to MSCI WorldSource: FactSetLyrical’s returns have not always been in sync with those of the value indices  and we see this is as a good thing. Since we launched in 2019  we outperformed the MSCI World by 4 percentage points cumulatively while the MSCI World Value underperformed the World index by 5 percentage points.TIME FOR DEEP VALUEThe biggest difference between our portfolio and the MSCI World Value is that we are deeper value  trading at a 30% cheaper P/E ratio. Unlike the index  we only invest in the cheapest stocks in the market because these stocks have delivered a consistent source of alpha. As shown below  the cheapest 20% of stocks in global developed markets have delivered outperformance of nearly 6% per year compared to the MSCI World since 1974. Notably  the MSCI World Value has underperformed over this entire period  in the process giving value a bad name.Why Global Value StocksSource: FactSet. Lyrical exercised discretion in determining the dates of each cycle.Owning truly cheap stocks has been a winning formula over the very long-term  but value does go through downcycles. The table below shows the data from the above chart  comparing the performance of the cheapest stocks in global markets to the MSCI World. We highlight value upcycles in blue. As summarized at the bottom  value upcycles have lasted about seven years in global markets  and they’ve been interrupted by downcycles lasting almost two years. From March 2018 to May 2020  global value stocks had their second worst downcycle  underperforming the MSCI World by -14.8%  annualized.TIME FOR DEEP VALUEOwning truly cheap stocks has been a winning formula over the very long-term  but value does go through downcycles. The table below shows the data from the above chart  comparing the performance of the cheapest stocks in global markets to the MSCI World. We highlight value upcycles in blue. As summarized at the bottom  value upcycles have lasted about seven years in global markets  and they’ve been interrupted by downcycles lasting almost two years. From March 2018 to May 2020  global value stocks had their second worst downcycle  underperforming the MSCI World by -14.8%  annualized.History of Global Value Performance CyclesSource: FactSet. Lyrical exercised discretion in determining the dates of each cycle.Historically  the worse a downcycle is in value stocks  the better the upcycle on the other side  and we believe this sets the stage for abnormally good returns in value stocks from here for years to come. When value stocks underperform—as they did from 2018 to 2020—the valuation spread between these cheap stocks and the market widens. As shown below  the P/E for the median stock in our 2 500-stock global universe is 15.8x  or 105% more expensive than the median stock in the cheapest part of the market. This is an extreme spread that is wider than we saw in the Global Financial Crisis  after which value stocks outperformed for nine years at more than 6% per year. We outperformed during a challenging period for value stocks  but now we think the wind is at our back and expect future returns to be even better.Value Spreads Abnormally WideSPOTLIGHT ON EUROPE: GLOBAL COMPOUNDERS ON SALEIn 2022  we initiated nine positions  five of them in Europe. This increased our European exposure to 20% of the portfolio  which is in line with the MSCI World’s exposure. An increased exposure to Europe during a year that saw a ground war  an energy crisis  and a collapsing currency may raise some eyebrows. With such a tumultuous macroeconomic backdrop  investors may wonder why one would want more European exposure. While we don’t disagree with these macro concerns  we believe this broad-based macroeconomic fear has created a wonderful opportunity to own good  global businesses  trading at deep discounts.Macro concerns around Europe are real. However  these concerns have depressed the valuations of many European-listed global businesses. For the five European businesses we added in 2022  less than 50% of revenues comes from Europe on average. In the chart below  we show the portfolio exposure by stock listing and by business revenue. While we have added to Europe  we remain widely diversified across developed economies by both listing and revenues.Portfolio Revenues are Globally DiversifiedSource: FactSetVALUING RESILIENCYIt’s important that the European businesses in the portfolio are more global in nature  but it is equally important that they have flexible business models that can withstand macroeconomic shocks. Because we don’t forecast macroeconomic conditions  it’s critical we own resilient businesses; since we cannot predict the macroeconomic conditions  we must own businesses that can quickly adapt to changing macroeconomic scenarios.As a result  we favor variable cost and low capital-intensity businesses. Of the portfolio’s exposure to European-listed businesses  70% is within consumer or business services. Even when times are tough  these businesses can adjust. In the financial crisis in 2008-2009 and during the pandemic of 2020  the earnings for the European businesses (in the current portfolio) fell significantly less than those of the market  as you can see below.Lyrical European Companies Resilient in the Worst of TimesOWNING COMPANIES THAT GROW IN ANY MACRO  INCLUDING EURONEXTFor example  in 2022 we purchased Euronext (OTCPK:EUXTF)  a market exchange business that operates seven local country exchanges across Europe  including the Paris Stock Exchange and the Borsa Italiana. In the chart below  we show the stock price  EPS  and forward P/E for Euronext since the company was spun off from the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) in 2014. As shown in the middle of the chart  the company has compounded EPS at a 19% annualized rate. Despite this impressive growth  we were able to acquire the shares for only 12x P/E  one of the lowest valuations ever for the business and 50% cheaper than market exchange peers that have grown at a slower rate on average.Euronext: Cheapest Global Exchange despite Industry-Leading EPS GrowthSource: FactSet. A list of all recommendations is available upon request.Exchanges are classic network effects businesses  and they are resilient. The exchange that connects the most buyers and sellers of any asset allows for the most accurate pricing  which drives more buyers and sellers to its platform. In Europe  Euronext is the scale exchange. By combining seven local markets into one trading platform  the company has created the deepest liquidity pool in Europe  with a market share above 70% across its footprint. This scale advantage for Euronext  combined with a capital-light business model  drives its operating margin above 50%. The business is highly defensive  as about 60% of Euronext’s revenues are recurring  including fees from licensing their index data for ETFs and fees for providing unique European government bond data. The remaining 40% of revenues are driven by trading  which is countercyclical. During periods of crisis  people tend to trade more. We saw this during COVID when revenues rose 30% in 2020. Beyond being defensive  Euronext is also a business that has grown faster than its underlying GDP.In fact  in aggregate  the European portfolio companies have organically expanded their topline two percentage points above their local GDP over the past five years.Over the past five years  Euronext has grown organic revenues around 6% per year  more than three percentage points better than the European economy. As Euronext continues to add services and data offerings and as it continues to consolidate the fragmented European exchange market  we expect organic growth to continue  even if Europe were to enter a prolonged recessionary period. This growth in sales comes with a limited need to grow its relatively small  fixed cost base. As such  we expect the company to continue growing EPS at a double-digit rate.PUTTING IT TOGETHER: COMPOUNDERS IN THE BARGAIN BINIn the European region  we’ve put together a portfolio of companies that we believe should succeed no matter what the macroeconomic conditions bring. These companies have already delivered 7% earnings growth since 2007  during a period when Europe has had more than its fair share of turmoil and while the STOXX Europe 600 benchmark grew earnings at just ~1%. Despite this growth and resiliency in the portfolio  the European stocks trade at just 10x 12-month forward earnings.While the European stocks only make up 20% of the portfolio  the remaining 80% of the portfolio is similarly attractive. The broad global portfolio trades with a forward P/E of 9.4x but has delivered 7.7% EPS growth since 2007  as shown below. And while these stocks are cheap on forward P/E  that only tells part of the story. With their exceptional growth rates  we see the portfolio trading at an average of 4.8x five-year forward earnings  compared with the long-term median multiple for the universe of 9x.Uncommon Combination of Value and GrowthSource: FactSetLOOKING FORWARDWe anticipate strong returns on an absolute and relative basis from here. The MSCI World trades for about a 60% premium to the portfolio  and we see the upside to intrinsic value above 80%.As bottom-up investors  that’s a positive  as it creates opportunities in the cheapest part of the market to find good businesses at bargain prices. Over time the fundamentals should shine through.Andrew Wellington  John Mullins  and Dan KaskawitsTHIS IS NOT AN OFFERING OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO INVEST IN THE STRATEGY PRESENTED. ANY SUCH OFFERING CAN ONLY BE MADE FOLLOWING A ONE-ON-ONE PRESENTATION  AND ONLY TO QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS WHERE PERMITTED BY LAW. THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT THE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE OF THE STRATEGY WILL BE ACHIEVED. RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THIS STRATEGY INCLUDE  BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO  THE RISKS OF INVESTING IN EQUITY SECURITIES GENERALLY  AND IN A VALUE INVESTING APPROACH. PLEASE SEE WWW.LYRICALAM.COM/NOTES OR A DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN MATERIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN LYRICAL’S STRATEGIES. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. LAM – GLOBAL RESULTS ARE UNAUDITED AND SUBJECT TO REVISION  ARE FOR A COMPOSITE OF ALL ACCOUNTS  AND SHOW ALL PERIODS BEGINNING WITH THE FIRST FULL MONTH IN WHICH THE ADVISOR MANAGED ITS FIRST FEE-PAYING ACCOUNT. NET RETURNS INCLUDE A 0.75% BASE FEE. The MSCI World Index is an equity index which captures large and mid cap representation across 23 developed market countries around the world. With 1 517 constituents  index covers approximately 85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country. The MSCI World Value Index captures large and mid cap securities exhibiting overall value style characteristics across 23 Developed Markets countries around the world. The value investment style characteristics for index construction are defined three variables: book value to price  12-month forward earnings to price and dividend yield. Notes: All market data is courtesy of FactSet. The Forward P/E Ratios chart compares the weighted average next twelve months P/E ratios as of December 31  2022 for the LAM-Global composite and the MSCI World Index and the MSCI World Value Index. Five year forward value is the product of five-year forward projected earnings (determined by applying to the latest year of forward projected earnings the median analyst estimate of long-term growth rates  subject to a 17% maximum and a minimum of 10% less the dividend yield) multiplied by the country-specific earnings multiple  plus net cash  plus five times the positive (or minus five times the negative) difference between dividend yield and the median dividend yield of the investment universe. The Indexed EPS Growth chart depicts the historical change in earnings per share of the companies in the LAM Global Value Equity composite as of December 31  2022 using current composite share holdings as of December 31  2022. Actual share holdings varied over time. Earnings per share is computed using consensus earnings data per FactSet  which include certain adjustments from reported  GAAP earnings. Periods marked with an “E” include estimated earnings per share. Click to enlargeOriginal PostEditor's Note: The summary bullets for this article were chosen by Seeking Alpha editors.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.05,0.59,True,English,"['Lyrical Asset Management', '2022 Global Review Letter', '9.4x 12-month forward earnings', 'bottom-up stock selection process', 'Global Value Stocks Source', 'MSCI World Value indices', 'value index cumulative return', 'The Global Value portfolio', 'first three quarters', 'rising interest rates', 'active top-down approach', '30% cheaper P/E ratio', '2022 Global Value Review', 'global developed markets', 'TRACKING VALUE INDICES', 'winning long-term approach', 'MSCI World Source', 'Consumer Discretionary sectors', 'full seven-year period', 'next six years', 'historical earnings growth', 'cheap unanalyzable stocks', 'MSCI World index', 'World Value index', 'global markets', 'consistent source', 'next 15 years', 'resilient earnings', 'value downcycle', 'value benchmark', 'DEEP VALUE', 'deeper value', 'value upcycles', 'winning formula', 'cheap stocks', 'seven years', 'earnings perspective', 'expensive stocks', 'cheapest stocks', 'future results', 'fourth quarter', '9.6% annualized return', 'economic reopening', 'European economy', 'superior fundamentals', 'economic downturns', 'LOOKING BACK', 'sector composition', 'Information Technology', 'sector weightings', 'long haul', 'sector weights', 'attractive growth', 'lower-growth businesses', 'lower-quality businesses', 'annual return', '13 percentage points', '36.8 percentage points', 'good run', '93.5 percentage points', '11.6 percentage points', 'good thing', '4 percentage points', 'biggest difference', 'entire period', 'bad name', 'annual outperformance', 'Consumer Staples', 'outperformance margin', 'Partial year', 'amazing year', 'best year', 'sector differences', 'Past performance', 'relative performance', 'inception date', 'Energy sector', '+15.1% return', '193.2% return', 'scyther5', '100 bps', '220 bps', 'wall', 'worry', 'COVID', 'inflation', 'Ukraine', 'strategy', 'combination', 'underperformance', '~5% headwind', 'returns', 'summary', 'positioning', 'Analyzability', 'traits', 'commodities', 'graph', 'bubble', 'March', 'FactSet', 'Lyrical', 'sync', 'TIME', 'alpha', 'dates', 'downcycles', 'table', 'data', 'chart', 'blue', '290']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,seekingalpha.com
18512,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-declaration-number-120000180.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of January 31  2023,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 15  2023 Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of January 31  2023...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 15  2023Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of January 31  2023Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of January 31  2023  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 335 056 318Number of voting rights*: 2 001 096 539*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investors Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comStory continues© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'January', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'des marchés financiers', 'virtual twin experiences', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Investors Relations Service', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'François-José BORDONADO', 'Béatrix MARTINEZ', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'commercial trademarks', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'total number', 'other countries', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'February', 'Declaration', 'January', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Contacts', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'Story', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18513,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-launches-the-BEL-ESG-index-42989876/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Euronext N : launches the BEL® ESG index,(marketscreener.com)      Contacts Media                 Contact Investor Relations     ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-launches-the-BEL-ESG-index-42989876/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_cont…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45 Euronext launches the BEL® ESG index Designed to meet sustainable investment needs  the new BEL ® ESG index tracks the Brussels-listed companies demonstrating the best Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) practicesESG index tracks the Brussels-listed companies demonstrating the best Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) practices Relying on Sustainalytics data  the index is fully compliant with the 'Towards Sustainability' label by the Belgian Central Labelling Agency (CLA) Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris - 15 February 2023 - Euronext today announced the launch of the BEL® ESG index  a new index identifying and tracking the companies within the BEL® 20 and the BEL® Mid indices that have demonstrated the best ESG practices. The BEL® ESG Index is designed to facilitate the adoption of mainstream ESG investment solutions by investors. It is the fifth ESG Index variant for national blue-chip indices  following the launch of the CAC® 40 ESG (France)  the MIB® ESG (Italy)  the AEX® ESG (The Netherlands) and the OBX® ESG (Norway). For the index market data  Euronext has partnered with Sustainalytics  a leading global provider of ESG research  ratings and data. Sustainalytics provides the ESG assessment of companies for the composition of the index. The BEL® ESG has been designed to be fully compliant with the Central Labelling Agency's 'Towards Sustainability' label  a high-quality standard for sustainable financial products such as indices and funds. The BEL® ESG's selection methodology is as follows: The index universe comprises companies within the BEL ® 20 and BEL ® Mid indices meeting specific free float market cap and velocity criteria 1 .20 and BEL Mid indices meeting specific free float market cap and velocity criteria . Exclusion filters are applied based on broad ESG standards and approaches adopted by institutional and private investors to exclude companies breaching Global Standards Principles 2 and companies with involvement in controversial activities (specific product involvement in Tobacco  Small Arms  Controversial Weapons  Military Contracting Weapons  Thermal Coal  Oil Sands  Shale Energy  Arctic Oil & Gas  Oil & Gas and Power Generation) according to Sustainalytics' data 3 . Companies with a free float market cap below 100.000 * BEL 20 level and companies with a free float velocity lower than 20% won't be selected UN Global Compact principles  UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs)  OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and ILO Conventions The methodology will evolve to integrate new EU regulations and standards as they emerge | 1 of 3An additional filter is applied to companies based on their Sustainalytics Subindustry ESG Risk Rating percentile ranking 4 .. Eligible companies are ranked based on their Sustainalytics ESG ratings. The first 20 are selected and are free-float market capitalisation weighted in the BEL ® ESG Index 5 . The composition of the index will be revised on a quarterly basis. The governance of the index will be aligned with the BEL Family rules. The 20 companies composing the BEL® ESG on launch date are: AB Inbev Ackermans Van Haren Aedifica Aperam Barco Bekaert Bpost Cofinimmo Elia Group Fagron GBL KBC Group Lotus Bakeries Proximus Shurgard Sofina Solvay Telenet UCB WDP Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.: ""Euronext is committed to support companies taking ambitious steps towards more sustainable business models. By combining the recognized BEL brand with a stringent and consensual ESG methodology while maintaining liquidity  The BEL® ESG responds to the market's growing demand for sustainable investment tools. As a leading index provider in Europe  we are determined to accelerate the transition to sustainable investments through the launch of indices such as this new BEL® ESG index. Other countries are successfully moving into the space of domestic ESG blue chip indices  following the launch of the CAC® 40 ESG in France  the AEX® ESG in the Netherlands  the OBX® ESG in Norway and the MIB® ESG in Italy."" Ita Demyttenaere  Director Client Relations  Sustainalytics: ""We are pleased to support our partnership with Euronext through the launch of the BEL® ESG index - a significant milestone for the Belgian market thanks to its compliance with the Central Labelling Agency's 'Towards Sustainability' label. Morningstar Sustainalytics' ESG data and robust methodology advance the index's credibility by considering the ESG risk exposure management of the largest companies based on market capitalisation."" CONTACTS MEDIA - mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate/Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.com (Europe - Corporate Services) Companies with an ESG Risk Rating larger than or equal to 25% percentile within its Subindustry Free float market cap weighting with 12% capping at annual review (quarterly capped back to 12% if weight above 15%) | 2 of 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['BEL® ESG index', 'Euronext N', 'AB Inbev Ackermans Van Haren Aedifica Aperam Barco Bekaert Bpost Cofinimmo Elia Group Fagron GBL KBC Group Lotus Bakeries Proximus Shurgard Sofina Solvay Telenet UCB WDP Stéphane Boujnah', 'Sustainalytics Subindustry ESG Risk Rating percentile ranking', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'specific free float market cap', 'domestic ESG blue chip indices', 'ESG risk exposure management', 'mainstream ESG investment solutions', 'UN Global Compact principles', 'fifth ESG Index variant', 'Belgian Central Labelling Agency', ""Morningstar Sustainalytics' ESG data"", 'new BEL ® ESG index', 'new BEL® ESG index', 'The BEL® ESG Index', 'free float velocity', 'Director Client Relations', 'UN Guiding Principles', 'leading global provider', 'specific product involvement', 'new EU regulations', 'sustainable investment needs', 'sustainable investment tools', 'Global Standards Principles', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'sustainable financial products', 'BEL Family rules', 'free-float market capitalisation', 'national blue-chip indices', 'Military Contracting Weapons', 'leading index provider', 'best ESG practices', 'broad ESG standards', 'best Environmental, Social', 'index market data', 'consensual ESG methodology', 'BEL® Mid indices', 'BEL Mid indices', 'sustainable business models', 'Sustainalytics ESG ratings', 'Euronext N.V.', ""Towards Sustainability' label"", 'Belgian market', 'new index', 'ESG) practices', 'Sustainalytics data', ""Sustainalytics' data"", 'CAC® 40 ESG', 'MIB® ESG', 'AEX® ESG', 'OBX® ESG', 'ESG research', 'ESG assessment', 'sustainable investments', 'BEL 20 level', 'BEL brand', 'The Netherlands', 'Controversial Weapons', 'index universe', 'velocity criteria', 'high-quality standard', 'selection methodology', 'Exclusion filters', 'controversial activities', 'Small Arms', 'Thermal Coal', 'Shale Energy', 'Power Generation', 'Human Rights', 'OECD Guidelines', 'Multinational Enterprises', 'ILO Conventions', 'additional filter', 'quarterly basis', 'Managing Board', 'ambitious steps', 'growing demand', 'Other countries', 'Ita Demyttenaere', 'significant milestone', 'robust methodology', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Oil Sands', 'Arctic Oil', 'private investors', 'Brussels-listed companies', 'Eligible companies', 'largest companies', 'launch date', '45 Euronext', '20 companies', 'Amsterdam', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'Governance', 'CLA', '15 February', 'adoption', 'France', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'composition', 'funds', 'approaches', 'institutional', 'Tobacco', 'Gas', 'UNGPs', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'stringent', 'liquidity', 'Europe', 'transition', 'space', 'partnership', 'compliance', 'credibility', '100.000']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18514,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-eur-170000311.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/01/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.2635 £ 24.0105 Final MTD return -1.82 % -1.70 % Final YTD return -1.82 % -1.70 % Final ITD return 172.64 % 140.11 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18515,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pixium-vision-announces-termination-convertible-190000053.html,Pixium Vision announces termination of convertible note financing agreement with US-based healthcare investor ESGO,Pixium Vision announces termination of convertible note financing agreement with US-based healthcare investor ESGO Termination will not trigger any penalty...,"Pixium VisionPixium Vision announces termination of convertible note financing agreement with US-based healthcare investor ESGOTermination will not trigger any penalty payments from Pixium VisionFirst tranche of financing worth €5.5 million was drawn down in July 2022Paris  France  January 13  2023 – 21:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today that it has terminated its Convertible Note financing agreement with the European Select Growth Opportunities Fund (the ""Investor"" or ""ESGO"")  a US-based investor specializing in healthcare.Termination of the agreement will not trigger any penalty payments from Pixium Vision  as per the terms of the agreement.The agreement for a maximum nominal amount of €30 million of notes redeemable in cash and/or new shares (the ""Notes"")  without interest and without share warrants  over a maximum period of 36 months  was entered into in July 2022. The first tranche of 550 Notes  for a nominal amount of €5.5 million  was issued by the Company and subscribed to by the Investor on July 13  2022. 316 Notes are currently still outstanding and have not been converted yet  corresponding to €3.16 million and can be converted until July 13  2023 or redeemed in cash at 109%. Outstanding tranche warrants will terminate immediatelyPixium Vision's cash runway extends until the end of Q2 2023 and the company is exploring various avenues of to enable to secure its cash flow necessary to pursue its strategic ambitions.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Story continuesForward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.12,0.63,True,English,"['convertible note financing agreement', 'US-based healthcare investor', 'Pixium Vision', 'termination', 'ESGO', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'European Select Growth Opportunities Fund', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'convertible note financing agreement', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'Euronext Growth Paris', '2021 Half-Year Financial Report', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Outstanding tranche warrants', 'maximum nominal amount', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'forward looking statements', 'US-based healthcare investor', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'financial condition', 'share warrants', 'maximum period', 'University hospital', 'la Vision', 'First tranche', 'US-based investor', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'penalty payments', 'independent lives', 'new shares', 'various avenues', 'strategic ambitions', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'other documents', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'cash runway', 'cash flow', 'numerous risks', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'ESGO Termination', 'July', 'France', 'January', '21:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'terms', 'notes', 'interest', '36 months', 'Q2', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Story', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'investors', 'lifesciadvisors', 'gvanrenterghem', 'Attachment', '41']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18516,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-gbp-170000050.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/01/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.2635 £ 24.0105 Final MTD return -1.82 % -1.70 % Final YTD return -1.82 % -1.70 % Final ITD return 172.64 % 140.11 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608307/0/en/Heineken-Holding-N-V-reports-2022-full-year-results.html,Heineken Holding N.V. reports 2022 full year results,Amsterdam  15 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) announces:                             Key Highlights         The...,"Amsterdam  15 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) announces:Key HighlightsThe net result of Heineken Holding N.V.'s participating interest in Heineken N.V. for 2022 amounts to €1 343 millionRevenue growth 30.4%Net revenue (beia) 21.2% organic growth; per hectolitre 13.9%Beer volume 6.9% organic growth; premium beer volume 11.4%; Heineken® volume 12.5%Gross savings at €1.7 billion  on-track to deliver ahead of €2 billion by 2023Operating profit €4 283 million; operating profit (beia) 24.0% organic growthOperating profit (beia) margin 15.7%Net profit €2 682 million; net profit (beia) 30.7% organic growthFull year 2023 outlook unchanged  operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically mid- to high-single-digitFinancial Summary1IFRS Measures € million Totalgrowth BEIA Measures € million Organicgrowth2 Revenue 34 676 30.4 % Revenue (beia) 34 643 19.1 % Net revenue 28 719 30.9 % Net revenue (beia) 28 694 21.2 % Operating profit 4 283 -4.5% Operating profit (beia) 4 502 24.0 % Operating profit (beia) margin (%) 15.7 % Net profit of Heineken Holding N.V. 1 343 Net profit (beia) 2 836 30.7 % Diluted EPS (in €) 4.66 Diluted EPS (beia) (in €) 4.92 38.9 % Free operating cash flow 2 409 Net debt / EBITDA (beia)3 2.1x1 Consolidated figures are used throughout this report  unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the Glossary for an explanation of non-GAAP measures and other terms. Page 13 includes a reconciliation versus IFRS metrics. These non-GAAP measures are included in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Executive Board of HEINEKEN  as management believes that this measurement is the most relevant in evaluating the results.2 Organic growth shown  except for Diluted EPS (beia)  which is total growth.3 Includes acquisitions and excludes disposals on a 12-month pro-forma basis.Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.During 2022 HEINEKEN accelerated the deployment of its EverGreen strategy  designed to future-proof HEINEKEN and deliver superior  balanced growth in a fast-changing world. HEINEKEN's dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is also shaping the future with its ambition to become the best digitally connected brewer  raising the bar on sustainability and responsibility and evolving its culture  operating model and capabilities. At the same time  we are stepping up on productivity to fund the investments required and improve profitability and capital efficiency.HEINEKEN's superior and balanced growth ambition is grounded in its advantaged geographic footprint  its ability to scale strong premium beer brands  including non-alcoholic variants  and in developing winning beverage propositions in fast-growing segments.Revenue for the full year 2022 was €34 676 million (2021: 26 583 million). Net revenue (beia) increased by 21.2% organically  with total consolidated volume growing by 6.4% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 13.9%. The underlying price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.3%  driven by pricing for inflation and by premiumisation. All regions contributed with double-digit organic growth. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €1 582 million or 7.2%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso  Brazilian Real  Vietnamese Dong and the US Dollar. Consolidation changes positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €570 million or 2.6%  mainly from the consolidation of United Breweries Limited (UBL) in India.Beer volume grew 6.9% organically for the full year and was ahead of 2019 by 2.7% on an organic basis. The growth was led by the sharp recovery of Asia Pacific in the second half of the year  the reopening of the on-trade in Europe in the first half following the COVID-related restrictions of last year and continued growth in the Americas and Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe regions.Beer volume 4Q22 Organicgrowth FY22 Organicgrowth (in mhl) 4Q21 FY21 Heineken N.V. 63.3 61.1 3.5 % 256.9 231.2 6.9 %In the fourth quarter  net revenue (beia) grew organically by 17.4%  with double-digit growth across all regions. Total consolidated volume grew 3.0% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre was up 14.0%. Price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.5%  again driven by pricing and premiumisation. Beer volume grew 3.5%  driven by Asia Pacific and continued growth in Europe  more than offsetting lower volume in other regions.Premium beer volume grew 11.4% versus last year and came 15.6% ahead of 2019  organically. HEINEKEN's premium brands outperformed the total portfolio in the majority of its markets and accounted for more than half of our total organic growth in beer volume in 2022.This growth is led by Heineken®  up 12.5% versus last year (14.5% excluding Russia) and 31.5% relative to 2019  significantly outperforming the total beer market. The growth was broad-based with more than 50 markets growing double-digits in 2022. The strong growth was led by Heineken® Original  bolstered by the remarkable performance of its line extensions. Heineken® Silver more than doubled its volume  driven by excellent performances in Vietnam and China and its global rollout  reaching 28 markets in total by the end of 2022.Heineken® volume 4Q22 Organicgrowth FY22 Organicgrowth (in mhl) Total 14.8 11.2 % 54.9 12.5 %Outlook 2023For 2023  HEINEKEN expects operating profit (beia) to grow organically mid- to high-single-digit  subject to any significant unforeseen macroeconomic and geopolitical developments. This outlook is based on continued progress on HEINEKEN's EverGreen strategy  a challenging global economic environment and lower consumer confidence in certain markets.HEINEKEN expects further progress towards building great brands  its digital route to consumer  strategic capabilities and HEINEKEN's Brew a Better World activities with commensurate investments. HEINEKEN also expects stable to modestly growing volume  increasing in developing markets and declining in Europe. HEINEKEN will continue the discipline to price responsibly as per local market conditions  aiming to cover most of the absolute impact of inflation in its cost base. HEINEKEN anticipates an increase in its input costs in the high teens per hectolitre and significantly higher energy costs  particularly in Europe. HEINEKEN will deliver on its gross savings ahead of the €2 billion target relative to the cost base of 2019  including an increased ambition of savings in Europe. Overall as a result  net revenue (beia) will grow organically ahead of operating profit (beia). Due to the phasing of marketing and selling expenses and input cost pressures  the operating profit (beia) organic growth will be skewed towards the second half.HEINEKEN also expects in 2023 an average effective interest rate (beia) of around 3.1% (2022: 2.8%); an effective tax rate (beia) of around 27% (2022: 27.7%) and a significant increase in other net finance expenses  driven by the expected impact from foreign currencies in some emerging markets. As a result  net profit (beia) is expected to grow organically in line or below the operating profit (beia).Finally  HEINEKEN expects investments in capital expenditure related to property  plant and equipment and intangible assets to amount to c.9% of net revenue (beia) (2022: c.7%)Total Dividend For 2022The Heineken N.V. dividend policy is to pay a ratio of 30% to 40% of full year net profit (beia). For 2022  a total cash dividend of €1.73 per share  representing an increase of 40% (2021: €1.24)  and a payout ratio of 35.1%  in the middle of the range of Heineken N.V.'s policy  will be proposed to the Heineken N.V. Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023. If approved  a final dividend of €1.23 per share will be paid on 2 May 2023  as an interim dividend of €0.50 per share was paid on 11 August 2022.If Heineken N.V. shareholders approve the proposed dividend  Heineken Holding N.V. will  according to its Articles of Association  pay an identical dividend per share. A final dividend of €1.23 per share of €1.60 nominal value will be payable as of 2 May 2023.Both the Heineken Holding N.V. shares and the Heineken N.V. shares will trade ex-dividend on 24 April 2023. The dividend payment will be subject to a 15% Dutch withholding tax.Translational Calculated Currency ImpactThe translational currency impact for 2022 was positive  amounting to €1 582 million on net revenue (beia)  €258 million at operating profit (beia) and €198 million at net profit (beia).Applying spot rates as of 13 February 2023 to the 2022 financial results as a base  the calculated currency translational impact would be negative  approximately €560 million in net revenue (beia)  €80 million at operating profit (beia)  and €40 million at net profit (beia).Board of Directors CompositionMrs C.L. de Carvalho-Heineken and Mr M.R. de Carvalho will have completed their four-year appointment term upon conclusion of the Heineken Holding N.V. Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023 ('2023 AGM'). Mrs C.L. de Carvalho-Heineken and Mr M.R. de Carvalho are eligible for reappointment as executive member of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V. for a period of four years and non-binding recommendations shall be submitted to the 2023 AGM in this respect.Mrs C.M. Kwist will have completed her four-year appointment term upon conclusion of the 2023 AGM. Mrs Kwist is eligible for reappointment as non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V. for a period of four years and a non-binding recommendation shall be submitted to the 2023 AGM in this respect.Mr C.A.G. de Carvalho has informed the Company that he will step down as a non-executive member of the Board of Directors at the end of the 2023 AGM. Mr de Carvalho accepted a job offer at McKinsey that is incompatible with a board position at Heineken Holding N.V. due to potential conflicts of interest with clients that McKinsey serves. The Board of Directors would like to thank Mr de Carvalho for his contribution to the Board of Directors over the past year and wishes him the best in his future business endeavours.EnquiriesMedia Heineken Holding N.V. Kees Jongsma tel. +31 6 54 79 82 53 E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nl Media Investors Sarah Backhouse José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Investor Relations Director Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communications Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Investor Calendar Heineken N.V.(events also accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders)Combined financial and sustainability annual report publication 23 February 2023 Trading Update for Q1 2023 19 April 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 20 April 2023 Quotation ex-final dividend 2022 24 April 2023 Final dividend 2022 payable 2 May 2023 Half Year 2023 Results 31 July 2023 Quotation ex-interim dividend 2023 2 August 2023 Interim dividend payable 10 August 2023 Trading Update for Q3 2023 25 October 2023Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor video webcast about its 2022 FY results at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT/ 08.00 EST. This call will also be accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders. The live video webcast will be accessible via the Heineken N.V.’s website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/results-reports-webcasts-and-presentations.An audio replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (Local): 020 3936 2999 Netherlands: 085 888 7233 USA: 1 646 664 1960 All other locations: +44 20 3936 2999 Participation password for all countries: 589454Editorial information:Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. HEINEKEN's dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN operates breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on www.heinekenholding.com and www.theheinekencompany.com and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse Regulation:This press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', '2022 full year results', '4Q21 FY21 Heineken N.V.', 'Free operating cash flow', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'strong premium beer brands', 'high-single-digit Financial Summary1', 'advantaged geographic footprint', 'United Breweries Limited', '12-month pro-forma basis', 'constant geographic basis', 'total beer market', 'premium beer volume', 'total consolidated volume', 'internal management reports', 'FY22 Organic growth', 'superior, balanced growth', 'balanced growth ambition', 'total organic growth', 'double-digit organic growth', 'Eastern Europe regions', 'premium brands', 'organic basis', 'Heineken® volume', '1 Consolidated figures', 'total portfolio', 'total growth', 'double-digit growth', 'lower volume', 'Organic growth2', '21.2% organic growth', '6.9% organic growth', '24.0% organic growth', '30.7% organic growth', 'Operating profit', 'operating model', 'Key Highlights', 'net result', 'Gross savings', 'Net profit', 'IFRS Measures', 'Net debt', 'GAAP measures', 'other terms', 'IFRS metrics', 'Executive Board', 'EverGreen strategy', 'changing world', 'same time', 'capital efficiency', 'non-alcoholic variants', 'beverage propositions', 'growing segments', 'Currency translation', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Vietnamese Dong', 'US Dollar', 'sharp recovery', 'Asia Pacific', 'COVID-related restrictions', 'Middle East', 'fourth quarter', 'Full year', 'Net revenue', 'other regions', 'Revenue growth', 'Diluted EPS', 'second half', 'first half', 'underlying price-mix', 'Consolidation changes', 'last year', 'BEIA Measures', 'participating interest', 'Amsterdam', '15 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'hectolitre', 'track', 'margin', 'EBITDA', 'Glossary', 'explanation', 'Page', 'reconciliation', 'measurement', 'results', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'deployment', 'future', 'proof', 'dream', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'bar', 'sustainability', 'responsibility', 'culture', 'capabilities', 'productivity', 'investments', 'profitability', 'winning', 'pricing', 'inflation', 'premiumisation', 'India', 'reopening', 'trade', 'continued', 'Americas', 'Africa', 'mhl', 'majority', 'markets', 'Russia', '50 marke', '€', '2022', '2019']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18518,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PROXIMUS-SA-5983/news/Proximus-Euronext-recognizes-Proximus-commitment-actions-and-impact-on-the-ESG-front-in-newly-la-42991315/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Proximus : Euronext recognizes Proximus' commitment  actions and impact on the ESG front in newly launched BEL® ESG Index,(marketscreener.com)    Proximus Group   News and media   2023   BEL ESG Index      15 February 2023| Press Release   Euronext recognizes Proximus' commitment  actions and impact on the ESG front in newly...https://www.marketscreener.com/…,This morning  Proximus CEO Guillaume Boutin attended the bell ceremony celebrating the launch of the BEL ® ESG Index  composed of 20 Brussels listed companies  including Proximus  that score best on ESG criteria. Being part of the BEL ESG Index is an important recognition of Proximus' efforts and achievements in fighting climate change and actively contributing to an inclusive and trustworthy digital society.With the BEL ESG Index  Euronext identifies and tracks the BEL 20 and BEL Mid companies that demonstrate the best Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG) practices. The index takes into account a rating of ESG risks by Sustainalytics  a leading global provider of ESG research and assessments  and was built in line with the Towards Sustainability label by the Central Labelling Agency (CLA). The composition of the index will be revised on a quarterly basis  with an evolutive rating methodology to incorporate new EU regulations and standards as they emerge.For Proximus  the inclusion in the BEL ESG Index is an important recognition for the company's strong focus on ESG  embedded in the corporate strategy. Proximus is fully engaged in the fight against climate change (both on CO₂ emissions and circularity) and actively contributes to digital accessibility  cybersecurity and diversity & inclusion. Beyond its commitments to be circular by 2030 and reach net-zero greenhouse gas emissions across its entire value chain by 2040  Proximus empowers other businesses and organizations to limit their own footprint through innovation and smart digital solutions. In parallel  the company aims to bring gigabit connectivity to 100% of the Belgian population as quickly as possible and with careful attention to the digital inclusion of all citizens.From a more general perspective  Proximus welcomes this new Euronext initiative as it values the increasingly prominent place of sustainability in today's business landscape. It is designed to facilitate the adoption of mainstream sustainable investment solutions  helping investors to identify companies that are leading the way to a more sustainable future by combining economic performance with ESG considerations. As a result  it will increase Proximus' visibility for investors who attach high importance to sustainable corporate governance.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['BEL® ESG Index', 'ESG front', ""Proximus' commitment"", 'Euronext', 'actions', 'impact', 'net-zero greenhouse gas emissions', 'mainstream sustainable investment solutions', 'Proximus CEO Guillaume Boutin', 'leading global provider', 'Central Labelling Agency', 'new EU regulations', 'entire value chain', 'smart digital solutions', 'trustworthy digital society', '20 Brussels listed companies', 'BEL Mid companies', 'Towards Sustainability label', 'evolutive rating methodology', 'new Euronext initiative', 'sustainable corporate governance', 'BEL ® ESG Index', 'BEL ESG Index', 'CO₂ emissions', 'sustainable future', 'corporate strategy', 'digital accessibility', 'ESG criteria', 'ESG) practices', 'ESG risks', 'ESG research', 'ESG considerations', 'bell ceremony', 'important recognition', 'climate change', 'quarterly basis', 'strong focus', 'other businesses', 'gigabit connectivity', 'Belgian population', 'careful attention', 'general perspective', 'prominent place', 'business landscape', 'economic performance', 'high importance', 'digital inclusion', ""Proximus' visibility"", 'BEL 20', 'launch', 'part', 'efforts', 'achievements', 'inclusive', 'account', 'Sustainalytics', 'assessments', 'line', 'CLA', 'composition', 'standards', 'company', 'fight', 'circularity', 'cybersecurity', 'diversity', 'commitments', 'organizations', 'footprint', 'innovation', 'parallel', 'citizens', 'today', 'adoption', 'investors', 'way', 'result']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18519,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608304/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-2022-full-year-results.html,Heineken N.V. reports 2022 full year results,Amsterdam  15 February 2023 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) announces:      Key Highlights   Revenue growth 30.4%Net revenue (beia)...,"Amsterdam  15 February 2023 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) announces:Key HighlightsRevenue growth 30.4%Net revenue (beia) 21.2% organic growth; per hectolitre 13.9%Beer volume 6.9% organic growth; premium beer volume 11.4%; Heineken ® volume 12.5%volume 12.5% Gross savings at €1.7 billion  on-track to deliver ahead of €2 billion by 2023Operating profit €4 283 million; operating profit (beia) 24.0% organic growthOperating profit (beia) margin 15.7%Net profit €2 682 million; net profit (beia) 30.7% organic growthDiluted EPS (beia) €4.92 (2021: €3.54)Full year 2023 outlook unchanged  operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically mid- to high-single-digitCEO StatementDolf van den Brink  Chairman of the Executive Board / CEO  commented:""I am pleased that we delivered a strong set of results in 2022 in a continuously challenging and volatile environment  growing ahead of the beer category in the majority of our markets.Our premium portfolio continued to outperform  led by the excellent momentum of the Heineken® brand and further propelled by the roll-out of Heineken® Silver. We are innovating to expand our leadership positions in non-alcoholic and in beyond beer. We are accelerating the deployment of our business-to-business digital platforms and continued the decarbonisation of our breweries. The progress on these and many other initiatives make us confident that our EverGreen strategy is on course to deliver long-term  sustainable value creation.We delivered balanced growth as we priced responsibly  made a further step in our productivity programme and continued to invest in our brands and capabilities. Compared to 2019  volume has now fully recovered  net revenue (beia) is ahead by close to 18% and operating profit (beia) by over 11%  organically.For the coming year  the global economic outlook will remain challenging. We will continue to invest  whilst staying disciplined on pricing and costs. Our outlook  as shared on 30 November 2022  remains unchanged.""Financial Summary1IFRS Measures € million Totalgrowth BEIA Measures € million Organicgrowth2 Revenue 34 676 30.4 % Revenue (beia) 34 643 19.1 % Net revenue 28 719 30.9 % Net revenue (beia) 28 694 21.2 % Operating profit 4 283 -4.5% Operating profit (beia) 4 502 24.0 % Operating profit (beia) margin (%) 15.7 % Net profit 2 682 -19.3% Net profit (beia) 2 836 30.7 % Diluted EPS (in €) 4.65 -19.4% Diluted EPS (beia) (in €) 4.92 38.9 % Free operating cash flow 2 409 Net debt / EBITDA (beia)3 2.1x1 Consolidated figures are used throughout this report  unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the Glossary for an explanation of non-GAAP measures and other terms. Page 24 includes a reconciliation versus IFRS metrics. These non-GAAP measures are included in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Executive Board of HEINEKEN  as management believes that this measurement is the most relevant in evaluating the results.2 Organic growth shown  except for Diluted EPS (beia)  which is total growth.3 Includes acquisitions and excludes disposals on a 12-month pro-forma basis.Operational ReviewDuring 2022  we accelerated the deployment of our EverGreen strategy  designed to future-proof the company and deliver superior  balanced growth in a fast-changing world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are also shaping the future with our ambition to become the best digitally connected brewer  raising the bar on sustainability and responsibility and evolving our culture  operating model and capabilities. At the same time  we are stepping up on productivity to fund the investments required and improve profitability and capital efficiency.SHAPE THE FUTURE OF BEER AND BEYONDSuperior and balanced growthOur superior and balanced growth ambition is grounded in our advantaged geographic footprint  our ability to scale strong premium beer brands  including non-alcoholic variants  and in developing winning beverage propositions in fast-growing segments.Revenue for the full year 2022 was €34 676 million (2021: 26 583 million). Net revenue (beia) increased by 21.2% organically  with total consolidated volume growing by 6.4% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 13.9%. The underlying price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.3%  driven by pricing for inflation and by premiumisation. All regions contributed with double-digit organic growth. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €1 582 million or 7.2%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso  Brazilian Real  Vietnamese Dong and the US Dollar. Consolidation changes positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €570 million or 2.6%  mainly from the consolidation of United Breweries Limited (UBL) in India.Beer volume grew 6.9% organically for the full year and was ahead of 2019 by 2.7% on an organic basis. The growth was led by the sharp recovery of Asia Pacific in the second half of the year  the reopening of the on-trade in Europe in the first half following the COVID-related restrictions of last year and continued growth in the Americas and Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe regions.Beer volume 4Q22 Organicgrowth FY22 Organicgrowth (in mhl) 4Q21 FY21 Heineken N.V. 63.3 61.1 3.5 % 256.9 231.2 6.9 % Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe 9.8 10.1 -3.3 % 39.2 38.9 1.5 % Americas 23.8 23.9 -0.5 % 88.5 85.4 3.7 % Asia Pacific 12.2 10.0 22.9 % 48.0 29.4 29.3 % Europe 17.5 17.1 1.9 % 81.2 77.5 4.6 %In the fourth quarter  net revenue (beia) grew organically by 17.4%  with double-digit growth across all regions. Total consolidated volume grew 3.0% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre was up 14.0%. Price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.5%  again driven by pricing and premiumisation. Beer volume grew 3.5%  driven by Asia Pacific and continued growth in Europe  more than offsetting lower volume in other regions.Driving premiumisation at scale  led by Heineken®Premium beer volume grew 11.4% versus last year and came 15.6% ahead of 2019  organically. Our premium brands outperformed the total portfolio in the majority of our markets and accounted for more than half of our total organic growth in beer volume in 2022.This growth is led by Heineken®  up 12.5% versus last year (14.5% excluding Russia) and 31.5% relative to 2019  significantly outperforming the total beer market. The growth was broad-based with more than 50 markets growing double-digits in 2022. The strong growth was led by Heineken® Original  bolstered by the remarkable performance of its line extensions. Heineken® Silver more than doubled its volume  driven by excellent performances in Vietnam and China and its global rollout  reaching 28 markets in total by the end of 2022.Heineken® volume 4Q22 Organicgrowth FY22 Organicgrowth (in mhl) Total 14.8 11.2 % 54.9 12.5 % Africa Middle East & Eastern Europe 1.7 -9.5 % 6.4 -2.7 % Americas 6.4 6.9 % 22.2 13.5 % Asia Pacific 2.9 51.3 % 9.5 33.4 % Europe 3.7 7.8 % 16.8 8.0 %Heineken® connects with millions of consumers every year with world-class campaigns and sponsorships to share our brand DNA in a meaningful way to spark growth  and to contribute to our sustainability goals and responsibility initiatives. In 2022  we launched the ‘Cheers to All Fans’ campaign  tackling gender bias affecting football's players and fans. 2022 was Heineken®’s first year as a leading sponsor of the UEFA Women’s EUROs  with the objective to become the most inclusive sponsor of the tournament.We continued to successfully premiumise at scale via our international brands portfolio  complementing Heineken® by connecting with an even more diverse range of consumer needs. Amstel grew volume in the mid-twenties  with more than 15 markets growing double-digits  with a particularly strong performance in Brazil and continued momentum behind Amstel Ultra. Birra Moretti grew in the mid-teens versus last year  sharing the true taste of Italy across Europe  with outstanding growth in the Netherlands  Serbia  Romania  Switzerland and Ireland. In the UK  Birra Moretti more than doubled its volume versus 2019 and became the market leader of the premium segment by value. 2022 was the year of the Tiger; our brand roared back to volume growth of more than 40%  driven by the recovery in Southeast Asia  the success of Tiger Crystal and continued growth in Nigeria and Brazil.Pioneer choice in low & no-alcoholWe believe in empowering consumers seeking to enjoy a lower or no-alcohol-content beverage by ensuring there is always a choice – everywhere and on any occasion. Meeting this consumer need  our Low & No-Alcohol (LONO) portfolio grew by low-single-digit as continued momentum in the majority of our markets was partially offset by declines in Egypt  Russia and Poland. Our non-alcoholic beer and cider portfolio grew by mid-single-digit  led by the growth of Heineken® 0.0 in the low-teens in Europe and the Americas regions.We continued to introduce consumer-inspired innovations to enhance our non-alcoholic beer and cider portfolio. For example  in the United States  Lagunitas launched Hoppy Refresher  an adult beverage proposition of hop-infused sparkling water that can compete with carbonated soft drinks. In Nigeria  we launched ZAGG  a malt-based energy drink  entering a new category in Nigeria with potential to scale beyond within the Region. In Mexico  we are currently introducing Tecate 0.0  a non-alcoholic variant to our second largest brand globally by volume  aiming to counter the stigma that beer cannot be enjoyed during mid-day meal occasions.Explore beyond beerAs we expand our view of consumer demand  we see opportunities beyond beer for flavoured  innovative  natural and moderate propositions leveraging our industrial and route to market base. We are leveraging our scale as the second largest player in this segment outside of the United States to explore further this consumer space. Our overall volume of flavoured beer and beyond beer alcoholic propositions grew by a mid-single-digit to 12.9 million hectolitres (2021: 12.3 million hectolitres).Desperados is the leading ""spirit beer"" for high energy occasions with a presence in more than 80 countries. It continued its growth momentum in 2022  doubling its volume in Nigeria  with continued growth in Europe (particularly in Germany  the UK  Spain and France) and boosted by Desperados cocktail inspired line extensions and Virgin 0.0.We expanded our global leadership position in Cider. Global volume grew by a low-single-digit to 5.0 million hectolitres (2021: 4.9 million)  mainly driven by the strong growth of Strongbow in South Africa. We launched Strongbow Ultra  a low-calorie  low-carb and natural proposition to renovate the brand and the overall cider category with strong early results. In the UK  Strongbow Ultra Dark Fruit reached c.70% of the size of the total hard seltzer category in its first year of launch.In Mexico  we launched Sol Mangoyada  further strengthening our leadership position in beyond beer. In the United States  building on the success of Dos Equis Lime and Salt around rituals that consumers follow  we launched Dos Equis Classic Lime Margarita.Our advantaged footprintWe continue to develop and expand our geographical and portfolio footprint to enhance our long-term  sustained growth advantage.Between 18 and 24 January 2023 the Competition Tribunal of South Africa held the hearings related to the transaction with Distell Group Holdings Limited and Namibia Breweries Limited  and we are awaiting their final decision. We remain very excited with the opportunity to bring together strong businesses to create a regional beverage champion  and we are committed to being a strong partner for growth and to make a positive impact in the communities in which we operate. We continue to expect the transaction to close in the coming months.We continue to make progress to transfer the ownership of our business in Russia whilst dealing with frequently changing regulations. We remain optimistic in our ability to reach an agreement in the coming months. Based on our current assessment  an impairment of €88 million is recorded for the period ended 31 December 2022. See page 14 for more details.On 19 October 2022  we acquired 28.2% of the shares of Grupa Zywiec (GZ) and  on 20 December 2022  concluded a mandatory tender bid for the remaining 6.6% of the shares. On 19 January 2023  we acquired the remaining shares of GZ through a squeeze-out process  becoming the sole owner of the company. GZ has filed an application to delist from the Warsaw Stock Exchange.BECOME THE BEST-CONNECTED BREWERHEINEKEN wants to become the best-connected  most relevant brewer for customers living in the digital age. To achieve this  we are digitally transforming our business and modernising our technology landscape at the same time.Digitise our route-to-consumerWe continue to deploy our business-to-business digital (eB2B) platforms  supported by the eBusiness team  which is driving this capability globally. By the end of 2022  the platforms captured €9.2 billion in gross merchandise value  2.5x the value of last year. We now connect more than half a million customers  over 50% more than last year. The growth was driven by Vietnam  Nigeria  Mexico  Brazil  the UK  Ireland  France  Italy and Cambodia.The digitisation of customer relationships unlocks new growth with more and better services and data insights  increasing sales and productivity. For example  with AIDDA  an artificial intelligence application  we support our sales representatives to help our customers grow  making our sales organisation more effective and efficient.We will start migrating our eB2B platforms under a single brand name and identity: eazle  business made easy. The transition will enable better features at scale resulting in improved customer experience with increased efficiency  helping them to grow their business.FUND THE GROWTH  FUEL THE PROFITOur growth algorithm aims to deliver superior  balanced growth enabled by incremental investments behind the power of our brands  digital transformation  capabilities and sustainability objectives. We are bringing balance to our growth  investing behind the power of our brands which enables us to price responsibly. To fund the growth and offset inflationary pressures  we are structurally addressing our cost base and building a cost-conscious culture. We are embedding this into an ongoing continuum of productivity improvements to fuel profit growth ahead of revenue growth over time.During 2022  we made significant progress in the delivery of our productivity programme  targeting €2 billion of structural gross savings by 2023  relative to our cost base of 2019. By the end of 2022  we captured €1.7 billion of these gross savings and are well on track to deliver ahead of our target in 2023.We are improving our performance on cost and embedding cost management in the capabilities of the organisation. Our teams are advancing thousands of initiatives across all our operating companies and the head office. We are also accelerating large-scale transformation programmes  such as the transition to a network model for our supply chain in Europe. These achievements gave us the confidence to declare our new ambition to deliver ongoing productivity gains of €400 million year on year.We continued to invest in our business and in addition  we reversed the significant cost mitigation actions undertaken in 2021 to partially offset the financial impact of COVID-related restrictions. Last year  these represented a reduction of expenses (beia) of circa €0.5 billion for the full year relative to 2019.Operating profit (beia) grew 24.0% organically driven by the volume recovery in Asia Pacific and Europe  pricing for inflation  premiumisation and the delivery of our productivity programme  partially offset by inflationary pressures in our cost base and incremental investments behind our growth agenda. Currency translation positively impacted operating profit (beia) by €258 million  or 7.6%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso  Vietnamese Dong and Brazilian Real. Operating profit declined by 4.5% as the strong profit recovery this year was offset by lower exceptional gains  which in the previous year included the €1.3 billion remeasurement to fair value of the previously held equity interest in United Breweries (UBL) in India.Net profit (beia) grew 30.7% organically to €2 836 million (2021: €2 041 million)  ahead of the growth in operating profit (beia) due to a lower effective tax rate. Currency translation positively impacted net profit (beia) by €198 million or 9.7%  driven mainly by the Mexican Peso  Vietnamese Dong and Brazilian Real. Net profit after exceptional items and amortisation of acquisition-related intangibles was €2 682 million (2021: €3 324 million)  lower than last year due to the exceptional gains in 2021 as explained above.For more details  please refer to the Financial Review.RAISE THE BAR ON SUSTAINABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITYBrew a Better World is our 2030 strategy to drive progress towards a net zero  fairer and more balanced world. We are making good progress across all three pillars and are building executional momentum to deliver our ambitions.Environmental: Path to net zero impactOur ambition is to reach net zero carbon emissions across our value chain by 2040  with an intermediate 2030 goal to reach net zero in scope 1 and 2  reduce our emissions in scope 3 by 21%  and across our value chain (scope 1  2 and 3) by 30%. Since 2018  we have reduced our absolute carbon emissions in scope 1 and 2 by 18% (2021: 16%). We also increased the percentage of combined renewable energy to 37% (2021: 27%). We are driving progress in scope 3 by engaging our top packaging  cooling and raw material partners globally to set science-based targets and unlock low-carbon solutions. We also achieved an “A” score for Climate from the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) in 2022.We continue to focus on healthy watersheds via water efficiency  water circularity and water balancing. Our 2030 ambition is to reduce water usage to 2.6 hectolitre per hectolitre (hl/hl) in water-stressed areas and 2.9 hl/hl worldwide. In 2022  we reached 3.0 hl/hl and 3.3 hl/hl (2021: 3.1 and 3.4)  respectively. 26 of our 31 sites in water-stressed areas have begun watershed protection programmes and 29% of these sites are fully balanced. 97% of our total wastewater volume is now treated before discharge.When it comes to circularity  more than 75% of our production sites are now landfill-free  meaning 99% of our total waste volume globally was reused or recycled in 2022.Social: Path to an inclusive  fair and equitable worldWe are making progress when it comes to gender diversity. Over the last 5 years  we increased the percentage of senior management positions held by women from 19% to 27% (2021: 25%). Our ambition is to achieve 30% by 2025 and 40% by 2030 on the path to gender balance.We also aim for equal pay for equal work between female and male colleagues and want to ensure that all employees worldwide earn at least a fair wage by 2023. By the end of 2022  100% of operating companies have been assessed on equal pay and have detailed action plans to drive year-on-year progress. Regarding fair wage  100% of operating companies have been assessed and over 99% of direct employees earn at least a fair wage  as defined by the Fair Wage Network.1As part of our ambition to create a positive impact in our communities  we reached our annual target of having a social impact initiative in place in 100% of our in-scope markets. We also increased the volume of locally sourced agricultural raw materials in Africa by 26% compared to a 2020 baseline  meaning we are halfway to our goal of 50% by 2025.1 A fair wage is often higher than the minimum wage and should be sufficient for a decent standard of living  covering the basic needs for the employee and their family: from food  housing and education to healthcare  transportation and some discretionary income and savings. Data on fair wages is obtained from the Fair Wage Network.Responsible: Path to moderate and no harmful useOur ambition is to make 0.0 alcohol options available for consumers everywhere so that there is always a choice. Heineken® 0.0 is now available in close to 110 markets and  by 2023  we aim for a zero-alcohol option to be available for at least two strategic brands in the majority of our operating companies  accounting for 90% of our business by volume. By the end of 2022  we were at 46% (2021: 43%).We continue to use the power of our flagship brand to advance responsible consumption and make moderation cool. In 2022  our operating companies invested over 10% of Heineken® media spend reaching at least 1.2 billion unique consumers worldwide.In addition to this  100% of our in-scope markets had a partnership with governments and society to address alcohol-related harm.GovernanceIn 2022  we continued to raise the bar on our ways of working  governance and transparent reporting. Given the importance of sustainability and responsibility for long-term value creation:We introduced three ESG metrics in our long-term incentive plan for senior managers  representing 25% of total remuneration. This proposal was approved for the Executive Board at the 2022 AGM in April;We further integrated sustainability & responsibility into our existing planning processes  including ring-fencing the required investments;We are enhancing our reporting capabilities to meet emerging requirements such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). We also completed our first TCFD analysis and the outcomes are included in the Annual Report.UNLOCKING THE FULL POTENTIAL OF OUR PEOPLE AND ORGANISATIONCritical to the success of our multi-year EverGreen strategy is the evolution of our culture. Since the launch of EverGreen  we have been focused on this shift towards disciplined entrepreneurship with more agility  external focus  and clear accountability. Throughout the organisation  we have redesigned processes to facilitate horizontal learning and codified new behaviours that support EverGreen in our ambition to shape the future of beer and beyond.Our Employee Engagement scores rank in the top quartile of the benchmark of high performing companies and we aspire to maintain this. In 2022  we scored even higher whilst our teams were dealing with uncertainty and change  a clear sign of the strength and commitment of our people.Outlook 2023On 30 November 2022  ahead of our Capital Markets Event  we reconfirmed our guidance to our outlook statements. These expectations remain unchanged and are included here as a reminder with further details.For 2023  we expect operating profit (beia) to grow organically mid- to high-single-digit  subject to any significant unforeseen macroeconomic and geopolitical developments. This outlook is based on continued progress on EverGreen  a challenging global economic environment and lower consumer confidence in certain markets.We expect further progress towards building great brands  our digital route to consumer  strategic capabilities and our Brew a Better World activities with commensurate investments. We also expect stable to modestly growing volume  increasing in developing markets and declining in Europe. We will continue the discipline to price responsibly as per local market conditions  aiming to cover most of the absolute impact of inflation in our cost base. We anticipate an increase in our input costs in the high teens per hectolitre and significantly higher energy costs  particularly in Europe. We will deliver on our gross savings ahead of the €2 billion target relative to the cost base of 2019  including an increased ambition of savings in Europe. Overall as a result  net revenue (beia) will grow organically ahead of operating profit (beia). Due to the phasing of marketing and selling expenses and input cost pressures  the operating profit (beia) organic growth will be skewed towards the second half.We also expect in 2023 an average effective interest rate (beia) of around 3.1% (2022: 2.8%); an effective tax rate (beia) of around 27% (2022: 27.7%) and a significant increase in other net finance expenses  driven by the expected impact from foreign currencies in some emerging markets. As a result  net profit (beia) is expected to grow organically in line or below the operating profit (beia).Finally  we expect investments in capital expenditure related to property  plant and equipment and intangible assets to amount to c.9% of net revenue (beia) (2022: c.7%)Total Dividend For 2022The Heineken N.V. dividend policy is to pay a ratio of 30% to 40% of full year net profit (beia). For 2022  a total cash dividend of €1.73 per share  representing an increase of 40% (2021: €1.24)  and a payout ratio of 35.1%  in the middle of the range of our policy  will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023 (""2023 AGM""). If approved  a final dividend of €1.23 per share will be paid on 2 May 2023  as an interim dividend of €0.50 per share was paid on 11 August 2022. The payment will be subject to a 15% Dutch withholding tax. The ex-dividend date for Heineken N.V. shares will be 24 April 2023.Translational Calculated Currency ImpactThe translational currency impact for 2022 was positive  amounting to €1 582 million on net revenue (beia)  €258 million at operating profit (beia) and €198 million at net profit (beia).Applying spot rates as of 13 February 2023 to the 2022 financial results as a base  the calculated currency translational impact would be negative  approximately €560 million in net revenue (beia)  €80 million at operating profit (beia)  and €40 million at net profit (beia).Supervisory Board CompositionOn 20 December 2022  HEINEKEN announced the nomination of Mrs. Beatriz Pardo and Mr. Lodewijk Hijmans van den Bergh for appointment as members of the Supervisory Board at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on 20 April 2023 for a four-year term.Mrs. Beatriz Pardo  a Spanish national  is Vice President General Manager of Starbucks Reserve in the United States at the Starbucks Coffee Company. She joined Starbucks in 2018 from Grupo Vips where she was Division CEO. Prior to this  Mrs. Pardo held executive positions in Carrefour  Canelafoods and Monitor Deloitte. During her international career  she built up extensive experience in brand strategy  retail concept innovation and operations. She graduated in Economics and Business Administration from the Universidad Pontificia de Comillas of Madrid.Mr. Lodewijk Hijmans van den Bergh  a Dutch national  currently serves as chairman of the Supervisory Board of BE Semiconductor Industries (until its AGM in April 2023). He is also a member of the Supervisory Board of ING and vice-chairman of the Supervisory Board of HAL Holding. He is a lawyer and was partner at the law firm De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek. He was also Chief Corporate Governance Counsel and member of the Executive Board of Royal Ahold. He has vast expertise in corporate governance  corporate law and sustainability. He holds a master’s degree in law from Utrecht University.Furthermore  non-binding nominations for the reappointment of Mr. Michel de Carvalho and Mrs. Rosemary Ripley for a period of four years shall be submitted to the AGM on 20 April 2023 for approval. Mrs. Ingrid–Helen Arnold’s term at the Supervisory Board will end at the AGM. The Supervisory Board is grateful for Mrs. Arnold’s commitment and contributions to the Supervisory Board and its Audit Committee over the past years.EnquiriesMedia Investors Sarah Backhouse José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Investor Relations Director Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communications Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Investor Calendar Heineken N.V.Combined financial and sustainability annual report publication 23 February 2023 Trading Update for Q1 2023 19 April 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 20 April 2023 Quotation ex-final dividend 2022 24 April 2023 Final dividend 2022 payable 2 May 2023 Half Year 2023 Results 31 July 2023 Quotation ex-interim dividend 2023 2 August 2023 Interim dividend payable 10 August 2023 Trading Update for Q3 2023 25 October 2023Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor video webcast about its 2022 FY results at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT/ 08.00 EST. The live video webcast will be accessible via the company’s website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/results-reports-webcasts-and-presentations .An audio replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (Local): 020 3936 2999 Netherlands: 085 888 7233 USA: 1 646 664 1960 All other locations: +44 20 3936 2999 Participation password for all countries: 589454Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Heineken N.V.', '2022 full year results', 'Dolf van den Brink', 'long-term, sustainable value creation', 'Free operating cash flow', 'strong premium beer brands', 'global economic outlook', 'advantaged geographic footprint', 'winning beverage propositions', '12-month pro-forma basis', 'constant geographic basis', 'many other initiatives', 'Heineken N.V.', 'high-single-digit CEO Statement', 'business digital platforms', 'internal management reports', 'United Breweries Limited', 'double-digit organic growth', 'premium beer volume', 'total consolidated volume', 'balanced growth ambition', 'superior, balanced growth', 'strong set', 'premium portfolio', 'organic basis', 'total growth', '1 Consolidated figures', 'other terms', 'Operating profit', 'operating model', '21.2% organic growth', '6.9% organic growth', '24.0% organic growth', '30.7% organic growth', '2 Organic growth', 'Organic growth2', 'Key Highlights', 'Heineken ® volume', 'Gross savings', 'Net profit', 'Executive Board', 'volatile environment', 'beer category', 'excellent momentum', 'Heineken® brand', 'Heineken® Silver', 'leadership positions', 'EverGreen strategy', 'Financial Summary1', 'IFRS Measures', '2,409 Net debt', 'GAAP measures', 'IFRS metrics', 'Operational Review', 'changing world', 'same time', 'capital efficiency', 'alcoholic variants', 'growing segments', 'underlying price-mix', 'Currency translation', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Vietnamese Dong', 'US Dollar', 'sharp recovery', 'Asia Pacific', 'second half', 'first half', 'COVID-related restrictions', 'Revenue growth', 'Full year', 'coming year', 'Net revenue', 'Diluted EPS', 'productivity programme', 'Consolidation changes', 'BEIA Measures', 'Amsterdam', '15 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'hectolitre', 'track', 'margin', 'Chairman', 'results', 'challenging', 'majority', 'markets', 'roll', 'deployment', 'decarbonisation', 'progress', 'course', 'step', 'capabilities', 'pricing', 'costs', '30 November', 'EBITDA', 'Glossary', 'explanation', 'non', 'Page', 'reconciliation', 'measurement', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'company', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'bar', 'sustainability', 'responsibility', 'culture', 'investments', 'profitability', 'SHAPE', 'BEYOND', 'inflation', 'premiumisation', 'regions', 'India', 'reopening', 'trade', 'Europe', '€']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18520,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsen-universit-montr-al-iricor-060000183.html,Ipsen  Université de Montréal and IRICoR broaden existing oncology partnership  with an exclusive license agreement and two new discovery-stage programs,Ipsen  Université de Montréal and IRICoR broaden existing oncology partnership  with an exclusive license agreement and two new discovery-stage programs...,Ipsen PharmaIpsen  Université de Montréal and IRICoR broaden existing oncology partnership  with an exclusive license agreement and two new discovery-stage programsIpsen will now lead all development and commercialization activities of the licensed assetIpsen  Université de Montréal and IRICoR will continue their partnership with a further collaboration and option to license agreement for two new oncology discovery-stage programsPARIS  FRANCE  MONTREAL  CANADA 15 February 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  Université de Montréal and IRICoR announce that Ipsen has exercised its option to acquire exclusive rights to a pre-clinical stage program with potential oncology applications. This license agreement is the result of a fruitful collaboration established between Ipsen  Université de Montréal and IRICoR in May 2020. Ipsen will now assume all development activities and commercialization of the drug candidate globally. Under the terms of the license agreement the Université de Montréal will receive an upfront payment and will be eligible to additional development and commercial milestones  as well as royalties on net sales.“At Ipsen we believe great partnerships create great possibilities ” said Christelle Huguet SVP  Head of REED  Research  External Innovation & Early Development at Ipsen. “We are energized to take this investigational treatment forward in its development journey  determining its potential across a number of solid tumors and hematological cancers.”In addition  Ipsen  Université de Montréal and IRICoR are announcing they are further expanding their strategic partnership by entering into a new multi-year collaboration and option agreement for two discovery-stage programs in oncology. Under the terms of the new collaboration and option agreement  the team of interdisciplinary drug discovery scientists at the Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer (IRIC) at the Université de Montréal will be responsible for the identification  synthesis  and advancement of high-quality therapeutic compounds up to drug candidate stage. Ipsen will pay the Université de Montréal an upfront payment and research funding for two compounds that reach the drug candidate stage. Should Ipsen decide to exercise the option  Ipsen would assume all development activities and commercialization of drug candidates globally. Additionally  the Université de Montréal would receive further payments if key development  and commercial milestones are met  and will also be entitled to mid-single to up to low double-digit-tiered royalties for any product commercialized.Story continues“Given Ipsen’s established expertise in oncology we believe they are a fantastic partner to advance the development of this promising molecule  and we look forward to another fruitful research collaboration to advance breakthrough therapies for patients that are underserved by current standards of care ” said Dr. Michel Bouvier  Director General of the Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer at the Université de Montréal.“The signing of the exclusive license agreement and the initiation of a new collaboration for the discovery of new compounds against high-value oncology targets represent a natural expansion of our strategic partnership with Ipsen” said Claude Larose  VP Business Development at IRICoR. “This program was initially financed by IRICoR before the partnership with Ipsen  so we are excited to see the recent advancement under Ipsen’s leadership and look forward to advancing this new drug-discovery program and if successful  entering into a subsequent license agreement with Ipsen in order to bring these therapies to patients and to establish more opportunities for long-term value creation” Mr. Larose concluded.ENDSIpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 000 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .About IRICoRDesignated as a Centre of Excellence in Research and Commercialization (CECR) by the Canadian government and based at the Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer (IRIC) of the Université de Montréal  IRICoR is a pan-Canadian leader in the de-risking of early-stage assets in the field of drug discovery. IRICoR's mandate is to accelerate the discovery  development  and commercialization of novel therapies in cancer and rare diseases. Since 2008  IRICoR has been successfully investing in and supporting selected high-value projects in order to rapidly translate early-stage innovation into potential new therapies  through either co-development partnerships with the biopharmaceutical industry or the creation of spin-off companies. IRICoR seamlessly combines its business-related expertise with access to industry-level drug discovery capabilities  providing selected academic and industry projects with access to its network of experts and cutting-edge infrastructure  including one of the largest academia-based drug discovery unit in Canada. IRICoR's major funding sources include the federal CECR Program  the Ministère de l'Économie et de l'Innovation du Québec (MEI)  and collaborative partnerships with the biopharmaceutical industry. For more information about IRICoR  visit www.iricor.ca.About the Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer of the Université de MontréalAn ultra-modern research hub and training centre located in the heart of the Université de Montréal  the Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer of the Université de Montréal was created in 2003 to shed light on the mechanisms of cancer and discover new  more effective therapies to counter this disease. The IRIC operates according to a model that is unique in Canada. Its innovative approach to research has already led to discoveries that will  over the coming years  have a significant impact on the fight against cancer. For more information about IRIC  visit www.iric.ca.Ipsen’s Forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s 2021 Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .ContactsInvestorsIpsen:Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 7484 349 193Media Ipsen:Jess SmithHead of R&D and Global Partnering Communications+44 7557 267634IRICoR:Alix MolinierProject manager+1 514-343-6111 #0324IRIC:Noémie Desbois MackenzieManager – Communication+1 514 475 7682Ioana PiscociuSenior Manager  Global MediaRelations+33 6 69 09 12 96Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.18,0.1,True,English,"['two new discovery-stage programs', 'existing oncology partnership', 'exclusive license agreement', 'Montréal', 'Ipsen', 'de', 'IRICoR', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'two new oncology discovery-stage programs', 'two new discovery-stage programs', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'interdisciplinary drug discovery scientists', 'two discovery-stage programs', 'pre-clinical stage program', 'new drug-discovery program', 'Christelle Huguet SVP', 'Dr. Michel Bouvier', 'long-term value creation', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'high-quality therapeutic compounds', 'drug candidate stage', 'new multi-year collaboration', 'low double-digit-tiered royalties', 'high-value oncology targets', 'subsequent license agreement', 'VP Business Development', 'exclusive license agreement', 'potential oncology applications', 'existing oncology partnership', 'de Montréal', 'fruitful research collaboration', 'two compounds', 'new compounds', 'new collaboration', 'exclusive rights', 'fruitful collaboration', 'drug candidates', 'high-value projects', 'licensed asset', 'upfront payment', 'commercial milestones', 'net sales', 'great partnerships', 'great possibilities', 'External Innovation', 'investigational treatment', 'solid tumors', 'hematological cancers', 'up to', 'fantastic partner', 'promising molecule', 'breakthrough therapies', 'current standards', 'Director General', 'natural expansion', 'Claude Larose', 'Mr. Larose', 'Rare Disease', 'total sales', 'external-innovation strategy', 'leading biotechnological', 'life-science hubs', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'Canadian government', 'pan-Canadian leader', 'early-stage assets', 'novel therapies', 'development activities', 'additional development', 'Early Development', 'development journey', 'key development', 'development efforts', 'strategic partnership', 'option agreement', 'recent advancement', 'transformative medicines', 'research funding', 'commercialization activities', 'Ipsen Pharma', 'IRICoR', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'MONTREAL', 'CANADA', 'February', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'result', 'May', 'terms', 'Head', 'REED', 'number', 'team', 'Institute', 'Immunology', 'identification', 'synthesis', 'payments', 'mid-single', 'product', 'Story', 'expertise', 'patients', 'care', 'signing', 'initiation', 'leadership', 'order', 'opportunities', 'ENDS', 'Neuroscience', 'FY', '100 countries', 'innovative', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Cambridge', 'Shanghai', 'China', '5,000 colleagues', 'information', 'Centre', 'Excellence', 'CECR', 'risking', 'field', 'mandate']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18521,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000347.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1546 £ 23.9255 Estimated MTD return -0.46 % -0.42 % Estimated YTD return -2.21 % -2.05 % Estimated ITD return 171.55 % 139.26 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.51 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.59 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.1133 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.6622The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.14,0.74,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '59']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18522,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asml-publishes-2022-annual-reports-060500175.html,ASML publishes 2022 Annual Reports,ASML publishes 2022 Annual ReportsIntegrated overview of ASML’s business and ESG performance in 2022 VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  February 15  2023 - Today...,ASML Netherlands BVASML publishes 2022 Annual ReportsIntegrated overview of ASML’s business and ESG performance in 2022VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  February 15  2023 - Today  ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2022 Annual Reports.With the central theme “Small patterns. Big impact.”  the report includes messages from our CEO  CTO and CFO  reflecting on ASML’s financial performance  market  business model and technology roadmap. It also includes our Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) Sustainability strategy  looking at our performance over 2022 and action plans for the coming years.Launched in 2021  our ESG Sustainability strategy acknowledges and addresses the impact we have on society. “This underpins our drive to be a responsible organization and a force for good in the world. We aim to contribute to expanding computing power but with minimal waste  energy use and emissions  while at the same time having a positive role in society for our employees  supply chain  everyone involved in our innovation ecosystem and the communities around us. The only way to do that is to act on our responsibilities and fully anchor them in the way we do business through our focus on integrated governance  engaged stakeholders and transparent reporting ” said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink.To discover ASML’s contributions to a better  more inclusive and sustainable future through technology  find the full 2022 Annual Report on our website.The reporting criteria used for the preparation of the nonfinancial information are the Sustainability Reporting Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the applied supplemental reporting criteria as disclosed in section ‘About the non-financial information’ of the Annual Report.ASML will file its 2022 Annual Report based on US GAAP with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its 2022 Annual Report based on IFRS-EU with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM). ASML's 2022 Annual Reports are available at www.asml.com. ASML's 2022 Annual Report based on US GAAP will also be available at www.sec.gov. The Annual Report based on IFRS will be published at www.afm.nl.Story continuesASML will hold its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) in Veldhoven on April 26  2023. The AGM agenda with all related documents will be available at www.asml.com on March 13  2023.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Ryan Young +1 480 205 8659 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 39 000 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward looking statements  including statements relating to our ESG sustainability strategy  related statements to our reports to be filed with the SEC and AFM and other non-historical statements. These statements are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions and projections and you should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.11,0.59,True,English,"['2022 Annual Reports', 'ASML', 'Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'ESG) Sustainability strategy', 'ESG Sustainability strategy', 'Sustainability Reporting Standards', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'Annual General Meeting', 'supplemental reporting criteria', 'The AGM agenda', 'full 2022 Annual Report', 'The Annual Report', 'ASML Holding NV', 'other non-historical statements', 'ASML Netherlands BV', 'Peter Cheang', 'transparent reporting', 'ESG performance', 'other filings', '2022 Annual Reports', 'Integrated overview', 'central theme', 'Environmental, Social', 'action plans', 'coming years', 'responsible organization', 'computing power', 'minimal waste', 'energy use', 'same time', 'positive role', 'supply chain', 'innovation ecosystem', 'engaged stakeholders', 'sustainable future', 'nonfinancial information', 'non-financial information', 'Exchange Commission', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'related documents', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Ryan Young', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'undue reliance', 'risk factors', 'new information', 'future events', 'US GAAP', 'US Securities', 'financial performance', 'future performance', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Small patterns', 'Big impact', 'integrated governance', 'multinational company', 'technology roadmap', 'groundbreaking technology', 'business model', 'ASML President', 'VELDHOVEN', 'messages', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'society', 'drive', 'force', 'good', 'world', 'emissions', 'employees', 'everyone', 'communities', 'way', 'focus', 'contributions', 'inclusive', 'website', 'preparation', 'GRI', 'section', 'IFRS-EU', 'AFM', 'www', 'nl', 'Story', 'Shareholders', 'April', 'March', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'estimates', 'assumptions', 'projections', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'date', 'result', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18523,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ama-recognizes-41-clients-first-070000450.html,AMA recognizes 41 of its clients with its first AMA SUSTAINABILITY AWARDS for 2022,AMA recognizes 41 of its clients with its first AMA SUSTAINABILITY AWARDS for 2022 AMA CORPORATION PLC (“AMA”)  a pioneer for assisted reality solutions and ...,AMA recognizes 41 of its clients with its firstAMA SUSTAINABILITY AWARDS for 2022AMA CORPORATION PLC (“AMA”)  a pioneer for assisted reality solutions and a publisher and integrator of B2B software solutions for smart workplaces  is announcing the launch of its AMA Sustainability Awards to highlight the CO 2 emissions saved by its clients in 2022 thanks to their adoption of XpertEye.With these awards  AMA individually recognized 41 clients  who avoided a combined total of over 3 000 tons of CO 2 emissions in 2022 by using AMA’s XpertEye remote assistance solutions. XpertEye reduces their need to travel  which is a key factor for limiting their carbon footprint  while promoting active collaboration  skill sharing and productivity gains  in addition to facilitating decision-making​ for its users.To assess the CO 2 emissions avoided  AMA based its approach on the ADEME QuantiGES and Carbone 4 Net Zero Initiative methods to determine the net emissions  i.e. taking into account the emissions resulting from the use of XpertEye solutions.The trips avoided by using XpertEye solutions  calculated with support from a certified carbon coach (SAMI)  were estimated based on the following assumptions:Each XpertEye call makes it possible to avoid one trip.For international calls  the distance between two different countries (e.g. France-Germany) was estimated using the latitudes/longitudes of their capital cities.For national calls  the distance was assessed based on assumptions for average travel distances within a country.The means of transport considered are the plane for trips over 500km or a mix of train and car (90%/10%) for trips under 500km.This award highlights AMA’s ability to support its clients in their commitment to a sustainable future and helps provide them with key performance indicators to show their progress in this major climate-related area.Next financial press release2022 full-year results: April 28  2023 (before start of trading)Story continuesDisclaimer: This press release contains certain non-factual elements  including but not restricted to certain statements concerning its future results and other future events. These statements are based on the current vision and assumptions of AMA Corporation PLC’s leadership team. They include various known and unknown uncertainties and risks that could result in material differences in relation to the expected results  profitability and events. In addition  AMA Corporation PLC  its shareholders and its respective affiliates  directors  executives  advisors and employees have not checked the accuracy of and make no representations or warranties concerning the statistical or forward-looking information contained in this press release that is taken from or derived from third-party sources or industry publications. These statistical data and forward-looking information are used in this press release exclusively for information.About AMAWhereas most collaborative working tools quickly reach their limits once outside the office space  AMA enables experts to work remotely with frontline workers using a secure software platform combined with video tools that are perfectly tailored to each business.With nearly eight years’ experience in remote assistance solutions  AMA helps industry and service providers of all sizes  as well as medical establishments  to accelerate their digital transformation. Deployed in more than 100 countries  AMA’s assisted reality platform  XpertEye  addresses a wide range of use cases  from remote diagnostics to inspection  planning and workflow management. Its unique solutions for remote interactive collaboration enable businesses and institutions to increase productivity  speed up resolution times and maximize uptime.AMA is a sustainable digital company committed to improving the lives of professionals while preserving the planet. As we connect experts and frontline workers via a secure remote collaboration solution  we make business travel less necessary  reducing the company's carbon footprint significantly.With offices in France  Germany  Spain  the United States  China (including Hong Kong) and Japan  AMA has a global presence and works across all time zones to forge close relationships with its clients wherever they are. AMA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (GB00BNKGZC51 – ALAMA). Learn more at www.amaxperteye.com.ContactsInvestor Relations & Financial MediaPerrine Fromont  CFO - +33 223 441 339 - investors@ama.bzhMarie Calleux  Calyptus - +33 609 685 538 - ama@calyptus.net Corporate Media: Esther Duval+33 689 182 343esther.duval@ama.bzhAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.15,0.42,True,English,"['first AMA SUSTAINABILITY AWARDS', 'clients', '2022', 'Carbone 4 Net Zero Initiative methods', 'most collaborative working tools', 'secure remote collaboration solution', 'Next financial press release', 'XpertEye remote assistance solutions', 'remote interactive collaboration', 'major climate-related area', 'secure software platform', 'eight years’ experience', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'B2B software solutions', 'average travel distances', 'key performance indicators', 'certified carbon coach', 'two different countries', 'AMA CORPORATION PLC', 'other future events', 'sustainable digital company', 'AMA SUSTAINABILITY AWARDS', 'net emissions', 'remote diagnostics', 'video tools', 'Financial Media', 'sustainable future', 'reality solutions', 'unique solutions', 'key factor', 'digital transformation', 'reality platform', 'XpertEye solutions', 'carbon footprint', 'smart workplaces', 'combined total', 'skill sharing', 'ADEME QuantiGES', 'one trip', 'international calls', 'capital cities', 'factual elements', 'future results', 'current vision', 'leadership team', 'various known', 'unknown uncertainties', 'material differences', 'respective affiliates', 'third-party sources', 'office space', 'frontline workers', 'service providers', 'medical establishments', 'wide range', 'workflow management', 'resolution times', 'business travel', 'United States', 'Hong Kong', 'global presence', 'time zones', 'close relationships', 'Investor Relations', 'Perrine Fromont', 'Marie Calleux', 'Corporate Media', 'XpertEye call', 'CO 2 emissions', '2022 full-year results', 'forward-looking information', 'productivity gains', 'industry publications', 'statistical data', 'use cases', 'Esther Duval', 'following assumptions', '100 countries', 'clients', 'pioneer', 'publisher', 'integrator', 'launch', 'adoption', '3,000 tons', 'need', 'addition', 'decision-making', 'users', 'approach', 'account', 'trips', 'support', 'SAMI', 'Germany', 'latitudes/longitudes', 'country', 'means', 'transport', 'plane', '500km', 'mix', 'train', 'commitment', 'progress', 'April', 'start', 'trading', 'Story', 'Disclaimer', 'statements', 'risks', 'profitability', 'shareholders', 'directors', 'executives', 'advisors', 'employees', 'accuracy', 'representations', 'warranties', 'limits', 'experts', 'sizes', 'inspection', 'planning', 'businesses', 'institutions', 'uptime', 'lives', 'professionals', 'offices', 'France', 'Spain', 'China', 'Japan', 'ALAMA', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'investors', 'bzh', 'Calyptus', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18524,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000993.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1546 £ 23.9255 Estimated MTD return -0.46 % -0.42 % Estimated YTD return -2.21 % -2.05 % Estimated ITD return 171.55 % 139.26 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.51 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.59 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.1133 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.6622The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.14,0.74,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '59']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18525,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sidetrade-joins-united-nations-global-134200570.html,Sidetrade joins the United Nations Global Compact,Global AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade  has joined the United Nations Global Compact  the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative...,SidetradeGlobal AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade   has joined the United Nations Global Compact  the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative.Launched in 2000  the United Nations (UN) Global Compact is a voluntary leadership platform for the development  implementation and disclosure of responsible business practices  with over 15 000 companies and 3 800 non-business signatories based in over 160 countries and more than 69 Local Networks. The UN Global Compact calls for companies everywhere to align their operations and strategies with ten universally accepted principles in human rights  labour  environment and anti-corruption and to take action in support of UN goals and issues embodied in the Sustainable Development Goals.Sidetrade is proud to join this community of corporates globally committed to creating a sustainable  diverse and equitable future for all.Olivier Novasque  CEO at Sidetrade  commented: “As an industry-recognized leader  we understand the significant role we have in driving positive change and being a responsible corporate citizen. We are proud to join the UN Global Compact  reinforcing our commitment to creating a better future for all.”By joining this initiative  Sidetrade leverages the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact to build its corporate responsibility plan and will demonstrate its dedication through concrete actions.Sidetrade has already implemented the UN Global Countdown to International Women’s Day   a gender equality learning journey. Through weekly activities from 1 February to 8 March 2023  Sidetrade employees worldwide are participating in a set of interactive and impactful experiences  offered in multiple languages.Media relationsRebecca Parlby +44 7824 505 584 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance  and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Bidfood.Sidetrade is now a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.Story continuesFor further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the English version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.0,True,English,"['United Nations Global Compact', 'Sidetrade', 'United Nations (UN) Global Compact', 'gender equality learning journey', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'The UN Global Compact', 'largest corporate sustainability initiative', 'best cash collection strategies', 'UN Global Countdown', 'corporate responsibility plan', 'responsible corporate citizen', 'working capital management', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'voluntary leadership platform', 'Global AI-powered Order', 'responsible business practices', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'UN goals', 'global reach', 'global businesses', 'customer transactions', 'Cash platform', 'sustainable, diverse', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'SaaS platform', '3,800 non-business signatories', '69 Local Networks', 'human rights', 'Olivier Novasque', 'industry-recognized leader', 'significant role', 'positive change', 'International Women', 'weekly activities', 'impactful experiences', 'multiple languages', 'Media relations', 'Rebecca Parlby', 'Euronext Growth', 'next-generation AI', '$4.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '300 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'principles-based approach', 'English versions', 'press release', 'equitable future', 'concrete actions', '21 million companies', 'Sidetrade employees', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'Ten Principles', '15,000 companies', 'world', 'implementation', 'disclosure', '160 countries', 'operations', 'labour', 'environment', 'anti-corruption', 'support', 'issues', 'community', 'corporates', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'dedication', 'Day', '1 February', '8 March', 'set', 'interactive', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Houston', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Inmarsat', 'Bidfood', 'participant', 'Story', 'information', 'Twitter', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'French', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18526,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERIGE-110711922/news/Herige-HERIGE-Group-acquires-Coferm-Ing-and-Coferm-Pro-assets-42997679/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Herige :  HERIGE Group acquires Coferm'Ing and Coferm'Pro assets,(marketscreener.com)  Within the framework of its development strategy  HERIGE Group announces the takeover of Coferm'Ing and Coferm'Prod companies[1] assets  strengthening ATLANTEM' offer of joinery products.Founded in 2001 and established in the Vendée r…,"Within the framework of its development strategy  HERIGE Group announces the takeover of Coferm'Ing and Coferm'Prod companies[1] assets  strengthening ATLANTEM' offer of joinery products.Founded in 2001 and established in the Vendée region  Coferm'Ing produces and distributes custom-made wooden rolling shutter casing with high acoustic and thermal performance. In 2005  the company installed  in the same site  a production unit for rolling shutter casing designed by its R&D department  under the name Coferm'Prod.In 2021  the company posted turnover of €7.7 million. It will be consolidated in the Group's accounts as of 15 February 2023 within the Industrial Joinery division.The synergies to be implemented with ATLANTEM will allow to broaden its rolling shutter offer and to expand the Group's customer portfolio. HERIGE is thus pursuing its strategy of profitable growth while reducing the impact of its activities on the environment.Commenting on this operation  Benoît Hennaut  Chairman of the Executive Board of HERIGE Group  said :“ The acquisition of Coferm'Ing and Coferm'Prod assets is fully in line with our development ambitions in the home joinery market  supported by the RE 2020 and the acceleration of renovation work to increase energy performance in buildings. With wooden made products contributing to complete our rolling shutter offer for improved housing insulation  this operation is generating important industrial and commercial synergies with our production site in Languidic and is strengthening our prescription approach on the collective housing market.”All our financial communications are available on our website: www.groupe-herige.fr/enAbout HERIGEHERIGE Group focuses on three sectors of the building industry: Building Materials Trading  the Concrete Industry and Industrial Joinery. Originally based in the Vendée region  HERIGE currently employs around 3 000 people and has a strong presence in Western France.HERIGE is listed on Euronext GrowthPEA/PME eligibleIndices: EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS  EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE  ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME 150ISIN FR0000066540  Ticker: ALHRG  Reuters ALHRG.PAHERIGEBenoît Hennaut – Chairman of the Executive BoardCaroline Lutinier – Head of Group Communication & CSRTel.: +33 (0)2 51 08 08 08E-mail: communication@groupe-herige.frACTUS finance & communicationCorinne Puissant – Analyst/Investor RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 – E-mail: cpuissant@actus.frAnne-Catherine Bonjour – Press RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 – E-mail: acbonjour@actus.fr[1] Decision by delivery to the registry on February 15  2023  of the Roche-sur-Yon Commercial CourtThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lGiaYZlslGeYl55vaslta5aXZpdilGeaZpLKyWdrY5fFmZqVlJxjaZabZnBpm2Vr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78605-herige_coferming_vdef_vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,True,English,"[""Coferm'Pro assets"", ""Coferm'Ing"", 'HERIGE Group', 'custom-made wooden rolling shutter casing', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE', ""Coferm'Prod companies[1] assets"", 'rolling shutter offer', ""Coferm'Prod assets"", 'Vendée region', 'R&D department', 'Benoît Hennaut', 'EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'home joinery market', 'collective housing market', 'Building Materials Trading', 'Roche-sur-Yon Commercial Court', 'Industrial Joinery division', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'profitable growth', 'Press Relations', 'housing insulation', 'building industry', ""Coferm'Ing"", 'important industrial', ""ATLANTEM' offer"", 'joinery products', 'high acoustic', 'thermal performance', 'same site', 'production unit', 'customer portfolio', 'Executive Board', 'development ambitions', 'renovation work', 'energy performance', 'commercial synergies', 'production site', 'prescription approach', 'financial communications', 'three sectors', 'Concrete Industry', 'strong presence', 'Western France', 'Caroline Lutinier', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Investor Relations', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'development strategy', 'Reuters ALHRG', 'Regulated information', 'ACTUS finance', 'Group Communication', 'HERIGE Group', 'framework', 'takeover', 'company', 'name', 'turnover', 'accounts', '15 February', 'impact', 'activities', 'environment', 'operation', 'Chairman', 'acquisition', 'RE 2020', 'acceleration', 'buildings', 'Languidic', 'website', '3,000 people', 'PEA/PME', 'Indices', '©PEA-PME', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'Head', 'CSR', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'groupe', 'cpuissant', 'acbonjour', 'Decision', 'delivery', 'registry', 'publication', 'issuer', 'salesÃ', 'Full', 'PDF', 'vuk']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18527,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-to-Present-at-the-Cowen-43rd-Annual-Health-Care-Conference-42988696/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,BenevolentAI to Present at the Cowen 43rd Annual Health Care Conference,(marketscreener.com) BenevolentAI ​​  a leading clinical-stage AI drug discovery company  announces that it will present at the Cowen 43rd Annual Health Care Conference  which will be held in Boston MA  between March 6 – 8  2023.Nick Keher  Chief Financial…,BenevolentAI ​​(Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading clinical-stage AI drug discovery company  announces that it will present at the Cowen 43rd Annual Health Care Conference  which will be held in Boston MA  between March 6 – 8  2023.Nick Keher  Chief Financial Officer  will present at 14.10 EST (19:10 GMT) on Wednesday 8th March 2023  and will be available throughout the conference for 1:1 meetings. A link to the webcast and slides will be made available on BenevolentAI’s Investor Relations portal.About BenevolentAIBenevolentAI (AMS: BAI) is a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery and development company listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange. Through the combined capabilities of this AI platform  its scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to deliver novel drug candidates with a higher probability of clinical success than those developed using traditional methods. The Benevolent Platform™ powers the Company’s in-house drug pipeline and supports successful collaborations with AstraZeneca  as well as leading research and charitable institutions.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230214005864/en/,positive,0.56,0.44,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,True,English,"['Cowen 43rd Annual Health Care Conference', 'BenevolentAI', 'Cowen 43rd Annual Health Care Conference', 'leading clinical-stage AI drug discovery company', 'leading, clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'novel drug candidates', 'house drug pipeline', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Investor Relations portal', 'The Benevolent Platform™', 'Wednesday 8th March', 'AI platform', 'leading research', 'development company', 'Boston MA', 'Nick Keher', 'combined capabilities', 'scientific expertise', 'wet-lab facilities', 'higher probability', 'clinical success', 'traditional methods', 'successful collaborations', 'charitable institutions', 'source version', 'BenevolentAI', 'BAI', '1:1 meetings', 'link', 'webcast', 'slides', 'AstraZeneca', 'businesswire', '14.10']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18529,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Singapore-Budget-2023-insights-and-analysis-Wolters-Kluwer-shares-market-first-reports-highlighting-42988290/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Singapore Budget 2023 insights and analysis: Wolters Kluwer shares market-first reports highlighting key provisions,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer expert reports provide real-time highlights of budget’s major economic tax  accounting and employment reformshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Singapore-Budget-2023-insights-and-analysis-…,Wolters Kluwer expert reports provide real-time highlights of budget’s major economic tax  accounting and employment reformsWolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today provided tax and HR professionals with access to two comprehensive reports.These analyse and highlight the key economic tax and employment reforms announced by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Finance Lawrence Wong on Feb. 14 in the 2023 Singapore Budget which focuses on the country’s efforts to build a resilient nation post-COVID  while emphasising the importance of “Moving Forward in a New Era”.The Wolters Kluwer Singapore Budget 2023 – Tax Report shares expert insights and a high-level summary of the budget’s new business tax  personal tax and tax incentives.The Wolters Kluwer Singapore Budget 2023 – HR (Employment Law) Report shares expert insights on the Budget’s short- and long-term measures intended to invest in the economy and workers  including job growth incentives  and jobs.Within 10 hours of the official release of the 2023 Singapore Budget  these comprehensive expert analyses were automatically made available to Wolters Kluwer clients who utilise the company’s CCH IntelliConnect knowledge platform  which enables users to instantly access the latest high-quality research content with the latest commentary  legislation and rulings  wherever they are.Members of the media and the general public are invited to opt-in to receive the Wolters Kluwer Singapore Budget 2023 – Tax Report and the Wolters Kluwer Singapore Budget 2023 – HR (Employment) Report.Izzy Silva  Managing Director  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting  Asia Pacific  said:“The market-first issuance of these two 2023 Singapore Budget reports underscores Wolters Kluwer’s commitment to providing our tax and accounting firm clients with real-time  rapid access to trusted  high-quality  accurate information and analysis that empowers them to make informed decisions on behalf of their businesses and clients.”About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2020 annual revenues of €4.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 200 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com/en-sg or follow us on Facebook or LinkedIn.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230215005337/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Singapore Budget 2023 insights', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'market-first reports', 'key provisions', 'analysis', 'The Wolters Kluwer Singapore Budget', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'CCH IntelliConnect knowledge platform', 'latest high-quality research content', 'trusted, high-quality, accurate information', 'two 2023 Singapore Budget reports', 'Wolters Kluwer expert reports', 'two comprehensive reports', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Finance Lawrence Wong', 'comprehensive expert analyses', 'job growth incentives', 'Wolters Kluwer clients', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'major economic tax', 'key economic tax', 'Deputy Prime Minister', 'new business tax', 'real-time, rapid access', 'accounting firm clients', 'latest commentary', 'expert insights', 'expert solutions', 'tax incentives', 'real-time highlights', 'New Era', 'professional information', 'personal tax', 'employment reforms', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'resilient nation', 'high-level summary', 'Employment Law', 'long-term measures', 'official release', 'general public', 'Izzy Silva', 'Managing Director', 'Asia Pacific', 'market-first issuance', 'informed decisions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'advanced technology', '2020 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'source version', 'Tax Report', 'Employment) Report', 'HR professionals', 'services', 'Feb.', 'country', 'efforts', 'COVID', 'importance', 'economy', 'workers', 'jobs', '10 hours', 'company', 'users', 'legislation', 'rulings', 'Members', 'media', 'commitment', 'analysis', 'behalf', 'businesses', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,200 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'businesswire']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18530,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FINECOBANK-S-P-A-16738485/news/Fineco-considers-possible-issuance-of-senior-preferred-instruments-42990350/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Fineco considers possible issuance of senior preferred instruments,(marketscreener.com) FinecoBank Spa announced Wednesday that it is considering a possible issuance of senior preferred instruments. To this end  Fineco has mandated BNP Paribas and UniCredit Bank AG - formerly arrangers of the EMTN program - as well as Sociét…,"(Alliance News) - FinecoBank Spa announced Wednesday that it is considering a possible issuance of senior preferred instruments.To this end  Fineco has mandated BNP Paribas and UniCredit Bank AG - formerly arrangers of the EMTN program - as well as Société Generale  all as joint bookrunners and joint lead managers  to organize dedicated meetings with potential investors in Europe  starting today.Based on investor feedback and the occurrence of favorable market conditions  FinecoBank reserves the right to proceed with the issuance of a senior preferred instrument under the EMTN program  denominated in euros and intended for subscription by qualified investors  for an expected nominal amount of EUR300 million  with the aim of enabling the bank to have an additional buffer against the fully loaded MREL LRE requirement. The senior preferred instrument will be listed on the regulated Euronext Dublin market.""The broadest powers have been given to the CEO and managing director for any assessment regarding the actual implementation of the issue  based on market conditions "" the bank explained.FinecoBank's stock is up 0.1 percent at EUR16.64 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.18,0.81,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['senior preferred instruments', 'possible issuance', 'Fineco', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'senior preferred instruments', 'Société Generale', 'MREL LRE requirement', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'Euronext Dublin market', 'joint lead managers', 'favorable market conditions', 'UniCredit Bank AG', 'joint bookrunners', 'BNP Paribas', 'EMTN program', 'dedicated meetings', 'potential investors', 'investor feedback', 'qualified investors', 'nominal amount', 'additional buffer', 'broadest powers', 'managing director', 'actual implementation', 'possible issuance', 'FinecoBank Spa', 'end', 'arrangers', 'Europe', 'right', 'euros', 'subscription', 'aim', 'CEO', 'assessment', 'issue', 'stock', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608913/0/en/Stellantis-Grows-Software-Development-Network-with-New-Hub-in-Poland.html,Stellantis Grows Software Development Network with New Hub in Poland,Stellantis Grows Software Development Network with New Hub in Poland  AMSTERDAM  February 15  2023 – Stellantis N.V. is growing its software...,Stellantis Grows Software Development Network with New Hub in PolandAMSTERDAM  February 15  2023 – Stellantis N.V. is growing its software development and engineering network to eight hubs by establishing a new operation in Poland. The Poland software hub will be staffed with up to 300 employees in data analytics and software development and validation  and will be located in Gliwice  near a Stellantis manufacturing plant.Stellantis is partnering with GlobalLogic Inc.  a supplier of digital engineering services  to recruit talent and establish the Poland software hub quickly. The hub’s location leverages expert technical and university-level education facilities in the region while adding software development resources to existing Stellantis technical operations in Europe.The team in the Poland software hub will primarily focus on base software development  software application development  DevOps and automated validation.“The opening of this new software hub in Poland is another milestone in the implementation of our Dare Forward 2030 strategy ” said Yves Bonnefont  Stellantis Chief Software Officer. “Software plays a key role in our drive to be the industry leader in customer experience for services and products  as well as our industry-leading commitment to be carbon net zero by 2038.”Stellantis now has eight software development hubs in seven countries  including:Brazil: PernambucoFrance: PoissyGermany: RüsselsheimIndia: Bengalûru and HyderabadItaly: TurinPoland: GliwiceUnited States: Auburn Hills  MichiganThe team in Poland will contribute to the global software creation network that is key to Stellantis’ work in creating software-defined vehicles (SDVs) that offer customer-focused features throughout the vehicle’s life span  including updates and features that will be added years after the vehicle is manufactured.“Creating an infrastructure inside our vehicles that easily and seamlessly adapts to meet driver expectations is a key element of Stellantis’ global drive to deliver cutting edge mobility ” said Tara Vatcher  Stellantis Senior Vice President  Software Architecture and Development.Stellantis’ software-driven strategy deploys next-generation tech platforms  building on existing connected vehicle capabilities to transform how customers interact with their vehicles and to generate €20 billion in incremental annual revenues by 2030.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comAndrea PALLARD +39 335 873 7298 – andrea.pallard@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Software Development Network', 'New Hub', 'Stellantis', 'Poland', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Stellantis Senior Vice President', 'existing connected vehicle capabilities', 'global software creation network', 'existing Stellantis technical operations', 'Stellantis Chief Software Officer', 'eight software development hubs', 'The Poland software hub', 'next-generation tech platforms', 'cutting edge mobility', 'up to 300 employees', 'university-level education facilities', 'incremental annual revenues', 'Software Development Network', 'software development resources', 'base software development', 'software application development', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategy', 'Stellantis manufacturing plant', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'new software hub', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Stellantis’ global drive', 'digital engineering services', 'eight hubs', 'engineering network', 'mobility provider', 'New Hub', 'expert technical', 'Software Architecture', 'Citroën', 'software-driven strategy', 'new operation', 'data analytics', 'GlobalLogic Inc.', 'Yves Bonnefont', 'key role', 'industry leader', 'customer experience', 'industry-leading commitment', 'seven countries', 'Rüsselsheim', 'Bengalûru', 'United States', 'Auburn Hills', 'Stellantis’ work', 'life span', 'driver expectations', 'key element', 'Tara Vatcher', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'automated validation', 'customer-focused features', 'innovative products', 'Andrea PALLARD', 'software-defined vehicles', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Gliwice', 'supplier', 'talent', 'location', 'region', 'Europe', 'team', 'DevOps', 'opening', 'milestone', 'implementation', 'Brazil', 'Pernambuco', 'France', 'Poissy', 'Germany', 'India', 'Hyderabad', 'Italy', 'Michigan', 'SDVs', 'updates', 'infrastructure', 'customers', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18533,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIDETRADE-S-A-3033378/news/Sidetrade-joins-the-United-Nations-Global-Compact-42995582/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Sidetrade joins the United Nations Global Compact,(marketscreener.com) Global AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade  has joined the United Nations Global Compact  the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative. Launched in 2000  the United Nations Global Compact is a voluntary leadership plat…,Global AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade   has joined the United Nations Global Compact  the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative.Launched in 2000  the United Nations (UN) Global Compact is a voluntary leadership platform for the development  implementation and disclosure of responsible business practices  with over 15 000 companies and 3 800 non-business signatories based in over 160 countries and more than 69 Local Networks. The UN Global Compact calls for companies everywhere to align their operations and strategies with ten universally accepted principles in human rights  labour  environment and anti-corruption and to take action in support of UN goals and issues embodied in the Sustainable Development Goals.Sidetrade is proud to join this community of corporates globally committed to creating a sustainable  diverse and equitable future for all.Olivier Novasque  CEO at Sidetrade  commented: “As an industry-recognized leader  we understand the significant role we have in driving positive change and being a responsible corporate citizen. We are proud to join the UN Global Compact  reinforcing our commitment to creating a better future for all.”By joining this initiative  Sidetrade leverages the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact to build its corporate responsibility plan and will demonstrate its dedication through concrete actions.Sidetrade has already implemented the UN Global Countdown to International Women’s Day   a gender equality learning journey. Through weekly activities from 1 February to 8 March 2023  Sidetrade employees worldwide are participating in a set of interactive and impactful experiences  offered in multiple languages.Media relationsRebecca Parlby +44 7824 505 584 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance  and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Bidfood.Sidetrade is now a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the English version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['United Nations Global Compact', 'Sidetrade', 'United Nations (UN) Global Compact', 'gender equality learning journey', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'The UN Global Compact', 'largest corporate sustainability initiative', 'best cash collection strategies', 'UN Global Countdown', 'corporate responsibility plan', 'responsible corporate citizen', 'working capital management', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'voluntary leadership platform', 'Global AI-powered Order', 'responsible business practices', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'UN goals', 'global reach', 'global businesses', 'customer transactions', 'Cash platform', 'sustainable, diverse', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'SaaS platform', '3,800 non-business signatories', '69 Local Networks', 'human rights', 'Olivier Novasque', 'industry-recognized leader', 'significant role', 'positive change', 'International Women', 'weekly activities', 'impactful experiences', 'multiple languages', 'Media relations', 'Rebecca Parlby', 'Euronext Growth', 'next-generation AI', '$4.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '300 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'principles-based approach', 'English versions', 'press release', 'equitable future', 'concrete actions', '21 million companies', 'Sidetrade employees', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'Ten Principles', '15,000 companies', 'world', 'implementation', 'disclosure', '160 countries', 'operations', 'labour', 'environment', 'anti-corruption', 'support', 'issues', 'community', 'corporates', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'dedication', 'Day', '1 February', '8 March', 'set', 'interactive', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Houston', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Inmarsat', 'Bidfood', 'participant', 'information', 'Twitter', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'French', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18534,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608748/0/en/Sidetrade-joins-the-United-Nations-Global-Compact.html,Sidetrade joins the United Nations Global Compact,Global AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade  has joined the United Nations Global Compact  the world's largest corporate sustainability......,French EnglishGlobal AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade   has joined the United Nations Global Compact  the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative.Launched in 2000  the United Nations (UN) Global Compact is a voluntary leadership platform for the development  implementation and disclosure of responsible business practices  with over 15 000 companies and 3 800 non-business signatories based in over 160 countries and more than 69 Local Networks. The UN Global Compact calls for companies everywhere to align their operations and strategies with ten universally accepted principles in human rights  labour  environment and anti-corruption and to take action in support of UN goals and issues embodied in the Sustainable Development Goals.Sidetrade is proud to join this community of corporates globally committed to creating a sustainable  diverse and equitable future for all.Olivier Novasque  CEO at Sidetrade  commented: “As an industry-recognized leader  we understand the significant role we have in driving positive change and being a responsible corporate citizen. We are proud to join the UN Global Compact  reinforcing our commitment to creating a better future for all.”By joining this initiative  Sidetrade leverages the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact to build its corporate responsibility plan and will demonstrate its dedication through concrete actions.Sidetrade has already implemented the UN Global Countdown to International Women’s Day   a gender equality learning journey. Through weekly activities from 1 February to 8 March 2023  Sidetrade employees worldwide are participating in a set of interactive and impactful experiences  offered in multiple languages.Media relationsRebecca Parlby +44 7824 505 584 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance  and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Bidfood.Sidetrade is now a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the English version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.3,0.11,True,English,"['United Nations Global Compact', 'Sidetrade', 'United Nations (UN) Global Compact', 'gender equality learning journey', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'The UN Global Compact', 'largest corporate sustainability initiative', 'best cash collection strategies', 'UN Global Countdown', 'corporate responsibility plan', 'responsible corporate citizen', 'working capital management', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'voluntary leadership platform', 'Global AI-powered Order', 'responsible business practices', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'UN goals', 'global reach', 'global businesses', 'customer transactions', 'Cash platform', 'sustainable, diverse', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'SaaS platform', '3,800 non-business signatories', '69 Local Networks', 'human rights', 'Olivier Novasque', 'industry-recognized leader', 'significant role', 'positive change', 'International Women', 'weekly activities', 'impactful experiences', 'multiple languages', 'Media relations', 'Rebecca Parlby', 'Euronext Growth', 'next-generation AI', '$4.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '300 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'principles-based approach', 'English versions', 'press release', 'French English', 'equitable future', 'concrete actions', '21 million companies', 'Sidetrade employees', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'Ten Principles', '15,000 companies', 'world', 'implementation', 'disclosure', '160 countries', 'operations', 'labour', 'environment', 'anti-corruption', 'support', 'issues', 'community', 'corporates', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'dedication', 'Day', '1 February', '8 March', 'set', 'interactive', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Houston', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Inmarsat', 'Bidfood', 'participant', 'information', 'Twitter', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18535,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2608514/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-declaration-of-the-number-of-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-January-31-2023.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of January 31  2023,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 15  2023  Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of January 31  2023 ......,English FrenchPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 15  2023Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of January 31  2023Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of January 31  2023  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 335 056 318Number of voting rights*: 2 001 096 539*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investors Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'January', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'des marchés financiers', 'virtual twin experiences', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Investors Relations Service', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'François-José BORDONADO', 'Béatrix MARTINEZ', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'English French', 'commercial trademarks', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'total number', 'other countries', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'February', 'Declaration', 'January', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Contacts', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18536,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-annual-results-2022-42997338/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Nextensa: annual results 2022,(marketscreener.com) Notes of the board of directors on the past fiscal year 2022   HIGHLIGHTS 2022 Result: Net income of €71.3 million or €7.18 per share entitled to dividends.Active financial management: Decrease in the financial debt ratio from 48.6% at th…,Notes of the board of directors on the past fiscal year 2022HIGHLIGHTS 2022Result : Net income of €71.3 million or €7.18 per share entitled to dividends.: Net income of €71.3 million or €7.18 per share entitled to dividends. Active financial management : Decrease in the financial debt ratio from 48.6% at the end of 2021 to 42.6% at the end of 2022. As a result of the successful hedging policy  the average financing cost in the current interest rate environment increases only slightly from 2.07% to 2.18%.: Decrease in the financial debt ratio from 48.6% at the end of 2021 to 42.6% at the end of 2022. As a result of the successful hedging policy  the average financing cost in the current interest rate environment increases only slightly from 2.07% to 2.18%. Solid investment portfolio: Rental income increased by €2.2 million compared to last year and amounts to €67.4 million at the end of 2022. Only slight devaluation of investment properties by 0.90% of fair value. A number of important new leases and lease renewals were concluded.Successful rotation with nice capital gains : The disposals of the Titanium (LUX)  Monnet (LUX) and The Crescent (BE) buildings generate a capital gain of €28.3 million.: The disposals of the Titanium (LUX)  Monnet (LUX) and The Crescent (BE) buildings generate a capital gain of €28.3 million. Innovative developments : Park Lane phase II on Tour & Taxis continues to score. Since the commercialization of this residential project  an apartment is reserved every 2.3 days  resulting in already more than 120 reservations or sales in 2022. Strong contribution from office developments at Cloche d’Or: sales of the Kockelscheuer and Darwin I “Bronze Gate” buildings and rentals of Darwin II  B&B HOTELS  Emerald and White House.: Park Lane phase II on Tour & Taxis continues to score. Since the commercialization of this residential project  an apartment is reserved every 2.3 days  resulting in already more than 120 reservations or sales in 2022. Strong contribution from office developments at Cloche d’Or: sales of the Kockelscheuer and Darwin I “Bronze Gate” buildings and rentals of Darwin II  B&B HOTELS  Emerald and White House. Focus on sustainability : Our ambitious and committed vision to contribute to the net zero carbon was demonstrated last year by the renovation and development projects of Park Lane  Moonar  Monteco and Hôtel des Douanes.: Our ambitious and committed vision to contribute to the net zero carbon was demonstrated last year by the renovation and development projects of Park Lane  Moonar  Monteco and Hôtel des Douanes. Dividend: Proposed gross dividend of € 2 60 per shareABOUT NEXTENSANextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/12/2022 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €519.1 million (value 31/12/2022).FOR MORE INFORMATIONMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.05,0.47,True,English,"['annual results', 'Darwin I “Bronze Gate” buildings', 'current interest rate environment', 'Hôtel des Douanes', 'mixed real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'Park Lane phase II', 'Active financial management', 'financial debt ratio', 'average financing cost', 'B&B HOTELS', 'major urban extension', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'successful hedging policy', 'past fiscal year', 'important new leases', 'net zero carbon', 'Solid investment portfolio', 'nice capital gains', 'Cloche d’Or', 'large urban developments', 'Darwin II', 'BE) buildings', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', 'Successful rotation', 'Net income', 'last year', 'new constructions', 'investment properties', 'Innovative developments', 'office developments', 'Rental income', 'slight devaluation', 'lease renewals', 'The Crescent', 'residential project', 'Strong contribution', 'White House', 'committed vision', 'Grand Duchy', 'market capitalization', 'MORE INFORMATION', 'Gare Maritime', 'fair value', 'development projects', 'total value', 'gross dividend', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa SA', '1000 Brussels', 'Notes', 'board', 'directors', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'share', 'dividends', 'Decrease', 'result', 'number', 'disposals', 'Titanium', 'LUX', 'Monnet', 'Tour', 'Taxis', 'commercialization', 'apartment', '120 reservations', 'sales', 'Kockelscheuer', 'rentals', 'Emerald', 'Focus', 'sustainability', 'ambitious', 'renovation', 'Moonar', 'Monteco', 'developer', 'company', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/12', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18537,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2609036/0/en/Nextensa-annual-results-2022.html,Nextensa: annual results 2022,Notes of the board of directors on the past fiscal year 2022       HIGHLIGHTS 2022   Result: Net income of €71.3 million or €7.18 per share entitled to......,English Dutch FrenchNotes of the board of directors on the past fiscal year 2022HIGHLIGHTS 2022Result : Net income of €71.3 million or €7.18 per share entitled to dividends.: Net income of €71.3 million or €7.18 per share entitled to dividends. Active financial management : Decrease in the financial debt ratio from 48.6% at the end of 2021 to 42.6% at the end of 2022. As a result of the successful hedging policy  the average financing cost in the current interest rate environment increases only slightly from 2.07% to 2.18%.: Decrease in the financial debt ratio from 48.6% at the end of 2021 to 42.6% at the end of 2022. As a result of the successful hedging policy  the average financing cost in the current interest rate environment increases only slightly from 2.07% to 2.18%. Solid investment portfolio: Rental income increased by €2.2 million compared to last year and amounts to €67.4 million at the end of 2022. Only slight devaluation of investment properties by 0.90% of fair value. A number of important new leases and lease renewals were concluded.Successful rotation with nice capital gains : The disposals of the Titanium (LUX)  Monnet (LUX) and The Crescent (BE) buildings generate a capital gain of €28.3 million.: The disposals of the Titanium (LUX)  Monnet (LUX) and The Crescent (BE) buildings generate a capital gain of €28.3 million. Innovative developments : Park Lane phase II on Tour & Taxis continues to score. Since the commercialization of this residential project  an apartment is reserved every 2.3 days  resulting in already more than 120 reservations or sales in 2022. Strong contribution from office developments at Cloche d’Or: sales of the Kockelscheuer and Darwin I “Bronze Gate” buildings and rentals of Darwin II  B&B HOTELS  Emerald and White House.: Park Lane phase II on Tour & Taxis continues to score. Since the commercialization of this residential project  an apartment is reserved every 2.3 days  resulting in already more than 120 reservations or sales in 2022. Strong contribution from office developments at Cloche d’Or: sales of the Kockelscheuer and Darwin I “Bronze Gate” buildings and rentals of Darwin II  B&B HOTELS  Emerald and White House. Focus on sustainability : Our ambitious and committed vision to contribute to the net zero carbon was demonstrated last year by the renovation and development projects of Park Lane  Moonar  Monteco and Hôtel des Douanes.: Our ambitious and committed vision to contribute to the net zero carbon was demonstrated last year by the renovation and development projects of Park Lane  Moonar  Monteco and Hôtel des Douanes. Dividend: Proposed gross dividend of € 2 60 per shareABOUT NEXTENSANextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/12/2022 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €519.1 million (value 31/12/2022).FOR MORE INFORMATIONMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.06,0.43,True,English,"['annual results', 'Darwin I “Bronze Gate” buildings', 'current interest rate environment', 'Hôtel des Douanes', 'mixed real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'Park Lane phase II', 'English Dutch French', 'Active financial management', 'financial debt ratio', 'average financing cost', 'B&B HOTELS', 'major urban extension', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'successful hedging policy', 'past fiscal year', 'important new leases', 'net zero carbon', 'Solid investment portfolio', 'nice capital gains', 'Cloche d’Or', 'large urban developments', 'Darwin II', 'BE) buildings', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', 'Successful rotation', 'Net income', 'last year', 'new constructions', 'investment properties', 'Innovative developments', 'office developments', 'Rental income', 'slight devaluation', 'lease renewals', 'The Crescent', 'residential project', 'Strong contribution', 'White House', 'Grand Duchy', 'market capitalization', 'Gare Maritime', 'fair value', 'development projects', 'total value', 'committed vision', 'gross dividend', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa SA', '1000 Brussels', 'Notes', 'board', 'directors', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'share', 'dividends', 'Decrease', 'result', 'number', 'disposals', 'Titanium', 'LUX', 'Monnet', 'Tour', 'Taxis', 'commercialization', 'apartment', '120 reservations', 'sales', 'Kockelscheuer', 'rentals', 'Emerald', 'Focus', 'sustainability', 'ambitious', 'renovation', 'Moonar', 'Monteco', 'developer', 'company', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/12', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'Attachment', '2021']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18538,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2609223/0/en/ERYTECH-and-PHERECYDES-Announce-Proposed-Combination-Intending-to-Create-Global-Leader-in-Extended-Phage-Therapies.html,ERYTECH and PHERECYDES Announce Proposed Combination Intending to Create Global Leader in Extended Phage Therapies,ERYTECH and PHERECYDES Announce Proposed Combination Intending to Create Global Leader in Extended Phage Therapies    Conference call and webcast in......,"English FrenchERYTECH and PHERECYDESAnnounce Proposed Combination Intending to Create Global Leader in Extended Phage TherapiesConference call and webcast in English on February 16  2023at 8:30am EST / 02:30pm CET and in French on the same day at 12pm EST / 6pm CETStrategic combination would build on complementary expertise and capabilities of both companies to accelerate development of extended phage therapies for antimicrobial resistance (AMR)  in particular via the phase II PhagoDAIR study conducted by PHERECYDES  as well as other anti-infective fields and therapeutic areas with high unmet medical needsCombined company cash runway would extend into Q 3 2024   with a consolidated cash position of approximately € 41 million as of December 31  2022  and would enable funding of existing and novel programs through multiple clinical milestones Transaction would complete the strategic review process announced by ERYTECH on several occasions since November 2021 and pave the way for the expansion of PHERECYDES development programs in AMR and beyondTransaction expe c ted to close at the end of the second quarter of 2023Transaction supported by key shareholders of each of PHERECYDES and ERYTECH will result in former PHERECYDES shareholders holding approximately 49% of the combined entityLyon and Nantes (France)  February 15  2023 – 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm EST – ERYTECH Pharma (“ERYTECH""; Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  and PHERECYDES Pharma (“PHERECYDES”; Euronext Growth: ALPHE)  a biotechnology company specializing in precision phage therapy to treat resistant and/or complicated bacterial infections  today announced their proposed strategic combination intended to create a global player in extended phage therapy and accelerate the development of a portfolio of drug candidates targeting pathogenic bacteria and potential other indications of high unmet medical needsThe proposed transaction seeks to leverage ERYTECH’s financial resources and teams to both accelerate and expand PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs  to reinforce efforts to advance novel phage candidates  and to potentially broaden scope to new therapeutic modalities building on the advanced technology platforms and capabilities of both companies. Specifically  the intended focus of the combined company in 2023 and 2024 would be to:Expand the ongoing PhagoDAIR Phase 2 trial in patients with knee or hip prosthetic joint infections (PJI) due to Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus)  by opening new investigation centers in Europe  with results anticipated in Q1 2024;in patients with knee or hip prosthetic joint infections (PJI) due to Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus)  by opening new investigation centers in Europe  with results anticipated in Q1 2024; Expand the breadth of PHERECYDES’ clinical phage therapy portfolio with two additional company sponsored Phase 2 trials  one in patients with endocarditis due to S. aureus  expected to initiate in mid-2023 and the second one in patients with complex urinary tract infections due to E. coli  expected to initiate in Q1 2024. The company expects to open investigation centers in the United States for both studies;with two additional company sponsored Phase 2 trials  one in patients with endocarditis due to S. aureus  expected to initiate in mid-2023 and the second one in patients with complex urinary tract infections due to E. coli  expected to initiate in Q1 2024. The company expects to open investigation centers in the United States for both studies; Build a research & development strategy leveraging ERYTECH’s platforms and expertise including drug-delivery with red blood cells (ERYCAPS) or red blood cell-derived vesicles (ERYCEV)  formulation expertise and oncology experience to support phage and endolysins therapeutic approaches in anti-infectives fields like AMR and beyond (such as in food  cosmetics and animal health fields)  or the development of novel carriers;E xpand PHERECYDES’ research portfolio to add two new complementary pathogens to the three existing (S. aureus  P. aeruginosa  E. Coli)  critical in developing a comprehensive target portfolio in the fight against resistant bacterial infections; andto add two new complementary pathogens to the three existing (S. aureus  P. aeruginosa  E. Coli)  critical in developing a comprehensive target portfolio in the fight against resistant bacterial infections; and Leverage on the ERYTECH’s US implantation to facilitate access to US investors and to clinical and regulatory stakeholders in the perspective of future clinical developments.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES intend to merge their operations and relocate all teams to ERYTECH’s premises in Lyon  France  where they would benefit from presence in a major European hub for infectious diseases.“This transaction would represent a successful culmination of our efforts to pursue strategic alternatives and a new direction for ERYTECH. After the setback of our Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  we have been looking to leverage our established company structure and capabilities by adding a clinical stage asset in an area of high unmet need. AMR is a major health challenge and phage therapy is a promising approach to target pathogenic bacteria such as S. aureus  E. coli  and P. aeruginosa which in aggregate are responsible for over 800 000 resistant infections annually in the US and Europe. The team at PHERECYDES has made tremendous strides with its programs to date  and we at ERYTECH believe that our capabilities  expertise and assets could significantly complement and add to these efforts and accelerate the path to value creation. We and our board of directors believe the combination of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES would form a company well positioned to be a global leader in phage therapies and provide a much-needed solution to address the increasingly alarming health context caused by antimicrobial-resistant bacteria. We will also explore the opportunity to combine both companies' know-how and capabilities to broaden to other therapeutic areas of high unmet need. We are excited to begin this new path.” said Gil Beyen  Chief Executive Officer of ERYTECH.“Our board of directors fully supports this transaction and is convinced that ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will gather critical expertise and capabilities enabling to boost our research programs  as well as a seasoned and very complementary management team  and an international position providing access to US investors and stakeholders. All these assets will also drive and accelerate PHERECYDES clinical development plan with controlled and randomized international trials to demonstrate clinical evidence of the phage therapy as a real game changer in the anti-infectious area. With my entire Management team we are eager to start working together with our ERYTECH colleagues.” said Thibaut du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHERECYDES.About the proposed transactionKey transaction termsThe transaction would be structured as a merger by absorption of PHERECYDES into ERYTECH  pursuant to which the shareholders of PHERECYDES would receive newly issued ERYTECH ordinary shares in consideration of the contribution of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES (the “Proposed Merger”). Upon completion of the Proposed Merger  all of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES will be transferred to ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be dissolved.On February 15  2023  ERYTECH and PHERECYDES entered into a memorandum of understanding (the ""Memorandum of Understanding"") and expect to execute a definitive merger agreement (projet de fusion) to combine the companies in an all-share transaction  subject to the information-consultation process with ERYTECH's Social and Economic Committee (""CSE"").Under the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding  PHERECYDES shareholders would receive 15 new ERYTECH shares for every 4 PHERECYDES shares they currently own.Upon completion of the transaction  PHERECYDES shareholders are expected to hold approximately 49.5% of the share capital and voting rights of ERYTECH1.The transaction is fully supported by key shareholders of both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES  namely Auriga Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga Ventures III) and Recordati SpA on ERYTECH’s side and Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and a pool of shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud on PHERECYDES’ side.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris. The transaction will not affect this dual listing.Anticipated timeline and next stepsThe Memorandum of Understanding has been unanimously approved by each of ERYTECH’s and PHERECYDES’ board of directors.The Memorandum of Understanding provides for customary no-shop provisions by ERYTECH and PHERECYDES and customary interim covenants until completion of the Proposed Merger.The transaction is not subject to any clearance from regulatory authorities. The Social and Economic Committee of ERYTECH will be informed and consulted on the operation  in compliance with the applicable regulations.The Social and Economic Committee of ERYTECH will be informed and consulted on the transaction  in accordance with applicable law.A merger auditor will be appointed by the President of the Lyon Commercial Court to prepare reports on the value of the contributions and the fairness of the exchange ratio under the Proposed Merger  which will not result in the preparation of a prospectus but in the filing of an exemption document with the French stock markets authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).The Extraordinary General Meetings (EGMs) of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be called upon to vote on the Proposed Merger  currently expected to be convened at the end of the first half of 2023 (or early second half of 2023). The resolutions to approve the Proposed Merger must obtain  at the level of each company  the positive vote of two thirds of the shareholders present or represented. The EGM of ERYTECH will also be called to approve a new name for the merged company  to mark the start of a new development stage for the combined operations.ERYTECH received commitments from Auriga Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga Ventures III) and Recordati SpA  which together represent approximately 4.67% of the share capital and 8.91% of the voting rights of ERYTECH  to vote in favour of the transaction-related resolutions at ERYTECH’s EGM. Similarly  PHERECYDES received commitments from Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and a pool of shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud  which together represent approximately 41.5% of the share capital and voting rights of PHERECYDES  to contribute  after the entry into of the merger agreement but prior to the completion of the Proposed Merger  a portion of their PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECH in consideration of newly issued ERYTECH shares which would represent a maximum of 10% of ERYTECH shares2  under the same exchange ratio as the Proposed Merger  and  subsequently  to vote in favour of the transaction-related resolutions at ERYTECH’s EGM. ERYTECH will implement the share capital increase resulting from the contributions in Kind pursuant to the delegation conferred by its shareholders’ meeting of June 24  2022 (29th resolution).It is also expected that Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and the pool of shareholders represented by Guy Rigaud will subscribe  in the days following the date of the Memorandum of Understanding  €1.5 million at a price per PHERECYDES share that will be the higher of (i) €2.09 (corresponding to the volume-weighted average of PHERECYDES' share prices over the 30 trading days prior to January 19  2023  date of signature of the letter of interest between the parties) and (ii) a price equal to the volume-weighted average of the Company's share price on the Euronext Growth Paris market over the last five (5) trading days preceding the pricing of the issue  less a discount of 24.9% (in accordance with the 5th resolution of the PHERECYDES shareholders' meeting of December 15  2022). The planned date for the completion of the capital increase is February 17  2023. It is specified that Elaia Partners  Go Capital and Mr. Guy Rigaud  directors participating in the capital increase  will not participate in the vote of the PHERECYDES board of directors deciding on the capital increase.Governance of the combined companyUpon completion of the Proposed Merger  Mr. Jean-Paul Kress  Chairman of ERYTECH  will resign from his mandate as Chairman and Mr. Didier Hoch  Chairman of PHERECYDES  will become Chairman (président du Conseil d'administration) of ERYTECH. It is expected that the board of directors of ERYTECH will be composed of an equal number of directors from the current ERYTECH and PHERECYDES boards. It is further expected to request ERYTECH’s shareholders to remove the casting vote that the Chairman used to hold at the Board of Directors.Subject to the same  Mr. Thibaut du Fayet  currently CEO of PHERECYDES  will become CEO (directeur général) of ERYTECH  while Mr. Gil BEYEN will become Vice-Chairman (vice-président du Conseil d'administration) of the Board of ERYTECH (and will remain Executive Chairman of Erytech Pharma  Inc.). Mr. Eric Soyer will remain COO (directeur général délégué) and CFO of ERYTECH.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will establish a joint Strategic Committee to supervise the performance of the Memorandum of Understanding  in particular the implementation of the Proposed Merger as well as the operational integration. Both companies have decided to change the name of the merged company  which will be disclosed once the merger is completed.Details of the webconferencesManagement from both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will hold a conference call and webcast on Thursday  February 16  2023 at 8:30am EST / 2:30 pm CET to discuss the Proposed Merger. Gil Beyen  CEO of ERYTECH and Thibaut du Fayet  CEO of PHERECYDES will deliver a brief presentation  followed by a Q&A session.The webcast can be followed live online via the link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/gjemc5ksThe audio call is accessible via the below registering link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIb5377a162b414e0eb7ef2a6af5cb4cfaOnce registered  participants will receive a unique access code and the call number details to join the teleconference.An archive of the webcast will be available on PHERECYDES and ERYTECH’s websites.A webconference in French with Gil Beyen  CEO of ERYTECH and Thibaut du Fayet  CEO of PHERECYDES and including a Q&A session  will be held on the same day at 6 pm (CET) for French investors.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging two proprietary platforms  ERYCAPS®  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  and ERYCEVTM  focused on the potential of drug-loaded extracellular vesicles  derived from red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comAbout PHERECYDESFounded in 2006  Pherecydes Pharma is a biotechnology company that develops treatments against resistant bacterial infections  responsible for many serious infections. The Company has developed an innovative approach  precision phage therapy  based on the use of phages  natural bacteria viruses. Pherecydes Pharma is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which alone account for more than two thirds of hospitalacquired resistant infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.. Headquartered in Nantes  Pherecydes Pharma has a team of around twenty experts from the pharmaceutical industry  biotechnology sector and academic research.For more information  please visit www.pherecydespharma.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euPHERECYDESThibaut du FayetCEO NewCapDusan Oresansky / Nicolas FossiezInvestor relationsArthur RouilléMedia relationsinvestors@pherecydes-pharma.com+33 1 44 71 94 92/+33 1 44 00 15pherecydes@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the proposed combination of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES  including timing thereof  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES and of the markets in which they operate. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s and PHERECYDES’ respective business and regulatory strategy; the expected cash runway of the combined company; the structure  timing and completion of the Proposed Merger; the continued accessibility to the US market after the closing of the Proposed Merger; expectations regarding the ownership structure of the combined company after the closing of the Proposed Merger; the expected executive officers and directors  including governance structure  of the combined company; the future operations of the combined company; the nature  strategy and focus of the combined company; the development and commercial potential and potential benefits of any product candidates and platforms of PHERECYDES  ERYTECH and the combined company; anticipated drug development activities  including clinical trials  and related milestones and timelines  including the expected timing for data and other clinical results; and other statements that are not historical fact. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHERECYDES’ and ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (i) the failure to complete the Proposed Merger  including the risk that the conditions to the closing of the Proposed Merger and related transactions are not satisfied and the failure to timely obtain shareholder approval for such transactions  if at all; (ii) the inability to maintain the listing of the combined company’s securities on Nasdaq and the Euronext regulated market; (iii) uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the Proposed Merger and the ability of each of PHERECYDES and ERYTECH to consummate the Proposed Merger; (iv) risks related to ERYTECH’s ability to manage its operating expenses and its expenses associated with the Proposed Merger pending closing; (v) risks related to the failure or delay in obtaining required approvals from any governmental or quasi-governmental entity necessary to consummate the Proposed Merger; (vi) the risk that as a result of adjustments to the exchange ratio  PHERECYDES shareholders could own more or less of the combined company than is currently anticipated; (vii) risks related to the market price of ERYTECH’s ordinary shares (including represented by American Depositary Shares) relative to the exchange ratio; (viii) unexpected costs  charges or expenses resulting from the Proposed Merger; (ix) potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the Proposed Merger; (x) risks related to the inability of the combined company to obtain sufficient additional capital to continue to advance its product candidates and clinical programs as currently anticipated; (xi) uncertainties in obtaining successful clinical results for product candidates and unexpected costs that may result therefrom; (xii) risks related to the failure to realize any value from product candidates and clinical programs being developed and anticipated to be developed in light of inherent risks and difficulties involved in successfully bringing product candidates to market; and (xiii) risks associated with the possible failure to realize certain anticipated benefits of the Proposed Merger  including with respect to future financial and operating results; (xiv) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (xv) the possibility that PHERECYDES and ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (xvi) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  ERYTECH’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in ERYTECH’s 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 27  2022 and in ERYTECH’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 28  2022 and future filings and reports by ERYTECH. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Both PHERECYDES and ERYTECH disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in their expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.DisclaimerThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release was prepared for informational purpose only. The dissemination of this press release  the offer and its acceptance may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The offer is not made for persons subject to such restrictions  neither directly nor indirectly  and may not be accepted in any way from a country where the offer would be subject to such restrictions. Consequently  persons in possession of this press release shall inquire about potential applicable local restrictions and comply with them.Each of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES excludes all liability in the event of any breach of the applicable legal restrictions by any person.1 On the basis of the PHERECYDES and ERYTECH share capital diluted only with the respective instruments (mainly BSCPE and free shares) in the money and taking into account the Pherecydes share capital increase referred to in footnote 2 below.2 Percentage calculated prior to the share issuance.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.22,0.27,True,English,"['Extended Phage Therapies', 'Global Leader', 'ERYTECH', 'PHERECYDES', 'Combination', 'E xpand PHERECYDES’ research portfolio', 'high unmet medical needs', 'PHERECYDES’ clinical phage therapy portfolio', 'complex urinary tract infections', 'red blood cell-derived vesicles', 'two new complementary pathogens', 'PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs', 'ongoing PhagoDAIR Phase 2 trial', 'hip prosthetic joint infections', 'Combined company cash runway', 'precision phage therapy', 'extended phage therapy', 'red blood cells', 'consolidated cash position', 'complicated bacterial infections', 'comprehensive target portfolio', 'multiple clinical milestones', 'potential other indications', 'future clinical developments', 'major European hub', 'Extended Phage Therapies', 'new therapeutic modalities', 'two additional company', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'endolysins therapeutic approaches', 'other anti-infective fields', 'animal health fields', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'strategic review process', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'new investigation centers', 'novel phage candidates', 'PHERECYDES development programs', 'former PHERECYDES shareholders', 'advanced technology platforms', 'novel programs', 'new direction', 'complementary expertise', 'PhagoDAIR study', 'drug candidates', 'therapeutic areas', 'combined entity', 'innovative therapies', 'anti-infectives fields', 'E. coli', 'PHERECYDES Pharma', 'phase II', 'key shareholders', 'Phase 2 trials', 'three existing', 'biotechnology company', 'novel carriers', 'Strategic combination', 'strategic alternatives', 'development strategy', 'Proposed Combination', 'Global Leader', 'Conference call', 'same day', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'several occasions', 'second quarter', 'global player', 'pathogenic bacteria', 'financial resources', 'intended focus', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'S. aureus', 'United States', 'oncology experience', 'P. aeruginosa', 'US implantation', 'US investors', 'regulatory stakeholders', 'infectious diseases', 'successful culmination', 'formulation expertise', 'Euronext Growth', 'Transaction expe', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'English French', 'webcast', 'February', '8:30am', '02:30pm', '12pm', '6pm', 'capabilities', 'companies', 'AMR', 'December', 'funding', 'November', 'expansion', 'Lyon', 'Nantes', 'France', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'Nasdaq', 'ERYP', 'ALPHE', 'teams', 'efforts', 'scope', 'patients', 'knee', 'PJI', 'results', 'Q1', 'breadth', 'endocarditis', 'mid-20', 'studies', 'drug-delivery', 'ERYCAPS', 'ERYCEV', 'food', 'cosmetics', 'fight', 'Leverage', 'access', 'perspective', 'operations', 'premises', 'presence', 'Af', '2023']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18539,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleidanetworks-Serveis-Telematics-S-A-Doxee-chooses-Lleida-net-to-offer-even-more-security-for-dig-42991167/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A : Doxee chooses Lleida.net to offer even more security for digital services and transactions in Europe,(marketscreener.com)   Doxee chooses Lleida.net to offer even more security for digital services and transactions in Europe      15 Feb 2023 11:54 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   LLEIDA.NET      Madrid  15 Feb ...https://www.marketscre…,"Doxee chooses Lleida.net to offer even more security for digital services and transactions in EuropeMadrid  15 Feb  2023.- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has entered into an agreement with Doxee (DOX: IM)  a leading Italian multinational corporation in Customer Communications Management (CCM)  Digital Customer Experience  and Paperless. This collaboration will enable the Italian company to offer an enhanced level of security and compliance in the delivery of digital communications. By leveraging Lleida.net's technology  public and private organizations can use Registered Electronic Delivery services to send certified communications via digital channels and receive notifications with full legal validity. The technology of Lleida.net  a publicly traded company in Spain  France and the United States  will allow Doxee to provide an additional level of security and compliance for digital communication delivery. This development marks a significant shift from traditional methods of registered notification and document delivery mechanisms in compliance with Europe's digitalization direction. Thanks to Lleida.net's technology  the new Registered Electronic Delivery services will enable public and private organizations to send certified communications using digital channels and to receive notifications with full legal value. These new products complete Doxee's CCM communications offering and represent an important evolution from traditional registered notification methods and document delivery mechanisms that is consistent with the direction taken by Europe on digitization. Thanks to this partnership  Doxee will integrate an additional service within its technology platform that adds to the already extensive range of technologically advanced products to support companies in the digital transition phase and in complete dematerialization. Enrico Celotto  CMO of Doxee  commented: ""At Doxee we are constantly striving to offer new products and technologies to support companies and public administrations in their digitalization journey. The agreement with Lleida.net is aimed at the technological integration of Electronic Registered Delivery Services (ERDS and QERDS) with the Doxee Platform®  and it represents an important moment in the overall development path of the Doxee Platform® technology ecosystem. By partnering with Lleida  we will offer our customers the ability to fully digitize their communication processes with legal relevance  while providing efficiency and reducing the environmental impact of these communications."" ""Our partnership with Doxee represents a step forward in integrating our trust services for electronic delivery. This collaboration will enable the implementation of eIDAS-compliant solutions  providing enhanced security for digital communications and transactions. While we are pleased to work with a reputable company such as Doxee  our focus remains on continuously improving and innovating our services for our customers "" said Sisco Sapena  CEO of Lleida.net Lleida.net is the European leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  with 218 patents received from more than 64 countries worldwide. Its portfolio is one of the strongest worldwide in the industry. More than 60 countries in five continents have granted patents  including the European Union  United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia and New Zealand. It is listed on the OTCQX index in New York  Euronext Growth in Paris and BME Growth in Madrid.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.55,0.45,0.0,True,English,"['Telemàtics S A', 'Lleida.net', 'digital services', 'Lleidanetworks', 'Doxee', 'security', 'transactions', 'Europe', 'new Registered Electronic Delivery services', 'leading Italian multinational corporation', 'Electronic Registered Delivery Services', 'traditional registered notification methods', 'Doxee Platform® technology ecosystem', 'document delivery mechanisms', 'full legal validity', 'full legal value', 'Digital Customer Experience', 'digital transition phase', 'Customer Communications Management', 'Spanish listed company', 'digital communication delivery', 'overall development path', 'CCM communications offering', 'traditional methods', 'electronic signature', 'digital services', 'Italian company', 'trust services', 'legal relevance', 'New Zealand', 'New York', 'digital communications', 'communication processes', 'technology platform', 'digital channels', 'new products', 'certified communications', 'enhanced level', 'private organizations', 'United States', 'additional level', 'significant shift', 'important evolution', 'additional service', 'extensive range', 'complete dematerialization', 'Enrico Celotto', 'digitalization journey', 'technological integration', 'important moment', 'environmental impact', 'eIDAS-compliant solutions', 'reputable company', 'Sisco Sapena', 'European leader', 'five continents', 'European Union', 'South Africa', 'OTCQX index', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'Lleida.net', 'digitalization direction', 'contracting industry', 'public administrations', 'enhanced security', 'transactions', 'Madrid', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'LLEIF', 'agreement', 'Paperless', 'collaboration', 'compliance', 'notifications', 'Spain', 'France', 'digitization', 'partnership', 'companies', 'CMO', 'technologies', 'ERDS', 'customers', 'ability', 'efficiency', 'step', 'implementation', 'focus', 'CEO', '218 patents', '64 countries', 'portfolio', 'More', '60 countries', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'Paris']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/SOCIETE-BIC-Evolution-of-the-composition-of-the-Board-of-Directors-42997400/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,SOCIÉTÉ BIC: Evolution of the composition of the Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                         SOCIÉTÉ BIC Evolution of the composition of the Board of Directors Clichy  France – 15 February 2023 The Board of Directors held a meeting on February 14 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quot…,"FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASESOCIÉTÉ BICEvolution of the composition of the Board of DirectorsClichy  France – 15 February 2023The Board of Directors held a meeting on February 14  2023  where the directors voted to submit to the Shareholder's Meeting to be held on May  16 2023 the appointment of Véronique Laury to succeed Marie-Pauline Chandon-Moët  whose mandate will expire and did not wish to seek reelection.Nikos Koumettis  Chair of the Board: “I would like to thank Marie-Pauline for her invaluable contribution to the activities of the Board since 2003. Her human qualities and expertise supported the success of our Group during her tenure”.Véronique Laury will be representing the BICH Family. She currently serves as Director on several international companies’ Boards including Sodexo  Ikea  British American Tobacco  WeWork and Eczacibasi. Alumni of the Institut d'Etudes Politiques of Paris  she started her career at Leroy Merlin before joining the Kingfisher Group in 2003. From 2014 to 2019  she held the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Kingfisher Group  based in London.The Board also acknowledged Elizabeth Bastoni’s decision to step down from her position as Independent Director  Chair of the Compensation Committee and of the Nominations  Governance and CSR Committee  effective from the next General Shareholders' Meeting  for personal reasons.The Board of Directors warmly thanks Elizabeth for her active contribution to the Board's activities  particularly as Chair of two Committees. The Directors also appreciate her involvement as Lead Independent Director between May 2021 and May 2022 and her commitment to developing and overseeing the implementation of the Horizon strategic plan.Nikos Koumettis: ""On behalf of BIC's Board of Directors  I want to extend my heartfelt thanks to Elizabeth for her engagement during her tenure as a Director of BIC. Her active contribution to strengthening the Board's governance has been key over the past ten years.""Elizabeth Bastoni: “It has been an honor and pleasure for me to serve the stakeholders’ of Société BIC since 2012. I wish Management and the Board continued success as they continue to execute on our Horizon strategy.”The Board of Directors has initiated the search for a new Independent Director and aims to propose its appointment at BIC's Shareholder's Meeting on May 16  2023.ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTInvestor Relationsinvestors.info@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Manager  Investor RelationsMichele.ventura@bicworld.com Albane de La Tour d’ArtaiseSenior Manager  Institutional Press Relations+ 33 1 45 19 51 51+ 33 7 85 88 19 48Albane.DeLaTourDArtaise@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 April 25  2023 2022 AGM May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 3rd Quarter and 9 months 2023 Results October 26  2023Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'Evolution', 'composition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'several international companies’ Boards', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', ""next General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Véronique Laury', 'British American Tobacco', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Horizon strategic plan', 'Institutional Press Relations', 'Marie-Pauline Chandon-Moët', 'past ten years', 'Michèle Ventura', 'Artaise Senior Manager', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'Lead Independent Director', 'new Independent Director', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'BIC products', 'Horizon strategy', '1st Quarter', 'Investor Relations', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Nikos Koumettis', 'invaluable contribution', 'human qualities', 'BICH Family', 'Leroy Merlin', 'Compensation Committee', 'CSR Committee', 'personal reasons', 'active contribution', 'two Committees', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'sustainable development', 'La Tour', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'Kingfisher Group', 'Elizabeth Bastoni', 'world leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Directors', 'The Board', '75 years', 'Evolution', 'composition', 'Clichy', 'France', '15 February', 'May', 'appointment', 'mandate', 'reelection', 'Chair', 'activities', 'expertise', 'success', 'tenure', 'Sodexo', 'Ikea', 'WeWork', 'Eczacibasi', 'Alumni', 'career', 'London', 'decision', 'Nominations', 'Governance', 'involvement', 'commitment', 'implementation', 'behalf', 'heartfelt', 'engagement', 'honor', 'pleasure', 'stakeholders', 'Management', 'search', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACT', 'bicworld', 'Michele', 'Albane', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'April', 'AGM', '9 months', 'October', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18541,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-16603793/news/Pixium-Vision-announces-termination-of-convertible-note-financing-agreement-with-US-based-healthcare-42998270/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,Pixium Vision announces termination of convertible note financing agreement with US-based healthcare investor ESGO,(marketscreener.com) Pixium Vision announces termination of convertible note financing agreement with US-based healthcare investor ESGO Termination will not trigger any penalty payments from Pixium VisionFirst tranche of financing worth €5.5 million was drawn…,"Pixium Vision announces termination of convertible note financing agreement with US-based healthcare investor ESGOTermination will not trigger any penalty payments from Pixium VisionFirst tranche of financing worth €5.5 million was drawn down in July 2022Paris  France  January 13  2023 – 21:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today that it has terminated its Convertible Note financing agreement with the European Select Growth Opportunities Fund (the ""Investor"" or ""ESGO"")  a US-based investor specializing in healthcare.Termination of the agreement will not trigger any penalty payments from Pixium Vision  as per the terms of the agreement.The agreement for a maximum nominal amount of €30 million of notes redeemable in cash and/or new shares (the ""Notes"")  without interest and without share warrants  over a maximum period of 36 months  was entered into in July 2022. The first tranche of 550 Notes  for a nominal amount of €5.5 million  was issued by the Company and subscribed to by the Investor on July 13  2022. 316 Notes are currently still outstanding and have not been converted yet  corresponding to €3.16 million and can be converted until July 13  2023 or redeemed in cash at 109%. Outstanding tranche warrants will terminate immediatelyPixium Vision's cash runway extends until the end of Q2 2023 and the company is exploring various avenues of to enable to secure its cash flow necessary to pursue its strategic ambitions.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.09,0.71,True,English,"['convertible note financing agreement', 'US-based healthcare investor', 'Pixium Vision', 'termination', 'ESGO', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'European Select Growth Opportunities Fund', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'convertible note financing agreement', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'Euronext Growth Paris', '2021 Half-Year Financial Report', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Outstanding tranche warrants', 'maximum nominal amount', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'forward looking statements', 'US-based healthcare investor', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'financial condition', 'share warrants', 'maximum period', 'University hospital', 'la Vision', 'First tranche', 'US-based investor', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'penalty payments', 'independent lives', 'new shares', 'various avenues', 'strategic ambitions', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'other documents', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'cash runway', 'cash flow', 'numerous risks', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'ESGO Termination', 'July', 'France', 'January', '21:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'terms', 'notes', 'interest', '36 months', 'Q2', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'gvanrenterghem', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Attachment', '41']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18573,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-N-Change-of-CSD-43011066/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,FL Entertainment N : Change of CSD,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Paris - February 16  2023   Change of Central Securities Depository to Euroclear France   FL Entertainment announces that it has changed the Central Securities Depository for its ordinary shares and public war…,"Press ReleaseParis - February 16  2023Change of Central Securities Depository to Euroclear FranceFL Entertainment announces that it has changed the Central Securities Depository (CSD) for its ordinary shares (NL0015000X07) and public warrants (NL0015000H56) (together the ""Transferred Securities"") from Euroclear Netherland to Euroclear France  effective today.As a result of this change  all Transferred Securities previously held in the Euroclear Netherland system have been transferred to the book-entry securities settlement system operated by Euroclear France. The transfer and change of CSD does not impact the Transferred Securities' respective ISIN codes  nor their holdings  the rights attached to them or their listing on Euronext Amsterdam.AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen - Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 - c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world's largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.AS",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment N', 'Change', 'CSD', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'book-entry securities settlement system', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'Central Securities Depository', 'Euroclear Netherland system', 'respective ISIN codes', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Transferred Securities', 'Euroclear France', 'Press Release', 'ordinary shares', 'public warrants', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'FY 2022 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'February', 'Change', 'CSD', 'holdings', 'rights', 'listing', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18574,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/EQ-Oyj-The-privacy-notice-43004184/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,EQ Oyj : The privacy notice,(marketscreener.com)    13 February 2023   Privacy Policy      This privacy policy describes the processing of personal data relating to eQ Plc's general meetings.   Updated on 13 February 2023.   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stoc…,This privacy policy describes the processing of personal data relating to eQ Plc's general meetings.Updated on 13 February 2023.ControllereQ Plc (1625441-9) (hereinafter eQ) Address: Aleksanterinkatu 19 A  5. floor FI-00100 HelsinkiTelephone: +358 (0)9 6817 8777Website: www.eQ.fiContact person: Risk and compliance departmentE-mail: eQCompliance(at)eQ.fiName of registereQ Plc's register on general meetingsPurpose of and legal basis for processing personal dataThe purpose of processing personal data is to enable the controller to conduct a general meeting in accordance with the law.Personal data are processed only for purposes necessary in terms of organising general meetings  such as ensuring a registered person's identity and verifying their right to participate; drawing up a list of participants  the list of votes and any voting tickets of the meeting; organising a vote; and managing any advance questions and requests for comments.The technical implementing party of the registration system and any advance voting of general meetings is Innovatics Oy. The list of shareholders is maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.The processing of personal data is based on the controller's statutory obligations.Personal data being processedThe personal data being processed include the shareholder's and any representative's name and/or business ID  address  contact information  number of shares and votes  voting information  method of identification  basis of representation  registration date and any information on counsel  power of attorney  advance questions and any other further information,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['EQ Oyj', 'privacy notice', 'The', 'technical implementing party', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Innovatics Oy.', 'privacy policy', 'personal data', 'general meetings', 'Contact person', 'compliance department', 'registered person', 'voting tickets', 'registration system', 'statutory obligations', 'business ID', 'registration date', 'eQ Plc', 'advance voting', 'legal basis', 'contact information', 'voting information', 'advance questions', 'processing', '13 February', 'Controller', 'Address', 'Aleksanterinkatu', '5. floor', 'Helsinki', 'Telephone', 'Website', 'Risk', 'mail', 'Name', 'Purpose', 'accordance', 'law', 'terms', 'identity', 'right', 'list', 'participants', 'votes', 'requests', 'comments', 'shareholders', 'representative', 'number', 'shares', 'method', 'identification', 'representation', 'counsel', 'power', 'attorney', 'other']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18575,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2610128/0/en/BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Approved-delisting-application-regarding-the-secondary-listing-on-the-Nasdaq-First-North-Growth-Market-Sweden.html,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj  Company release  16 February 2023 at 7.45 pm EET    BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application......,English FinnishBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj  Company release  16 February 2023 at 7.45 pm EETBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market SwedenNasdaq Stockholm AB has today (February 16  2023) approved the application by BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (“BBS”) to delist the company’s share’s secondary listing (trading code BONES  ISIN code FI4000260583) from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (“Nasdaq FN GM Sweden”). BBS applied for delisting of its shares on February 13  2023.The last day of trading in the shares of BBS on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden shall be March 3  2023.The Company wants to remind BBS’ shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB that even while the listing of BBS’ shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden will be discontinued  such shareholders can continue trading in BBS’ shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland by first arranging for the cross-border settlement of their shares into the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. To effectuate cross-border settlement  the shareholder should contact their respective custodian. Some custodians will automatically do the settlement  and others will activate the cross-border settlement after approval by the shareholder.Following the delisting from Sweden  BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland in Euro and under the trading code: BONEH (ISIN code: FI4000260583).For more information:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +358 40 708 0307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB  tel. +46 70 551 67 29  info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes is a health technology company that started operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of severe bone fractures and lumber problems. Our goal is to provide a new generation of medical products for the treatment of bone damage in orthopaedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical sector  development and research requires perseverance and courage to develop new things. We have evidence of this for over 20 years. Our activities are characterised by top expertise  innovation and employees who are enthusiastic and committed to their work. The ARTEBONE ® in the final stages of product development  and we are looking for a CE marking that enables commercialisation in the EU. We are a company in Oulu with a pharmaceutical factory permit in Reisjärvi.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj:n shares are listed in Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (until delisting).More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'delisting application', 'secondary listing', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nasdaq FN GM Sweden', 'Nordic Certified Adviser AB', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj', 'Nasdaq Stockholm AB', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ shares', 'Euroclear Finland Oy.', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'fi Certified Advisor', 'severe bone fractures', 'pharmaceutical factory permit', 'health technology company', 'bone damage', 'pharmaceutical sector', 'English Finnish', 'trading code', 'ISIN code', 'last day', 'book-entry system', 'respective custodian', 'new product', 'lumber problems', 'new generation', 'medical products', 'orthopaedic surgery', 'new things', 'top expertise', 'The ARTEBONE ®', 'final stages', 'CE marking', 'Reisjärvi', 'cross-border settlement', 'secondary listing', 'Company release', 'Ilkka Kangasniemi', 'product development', 'More information', 'delisting application', 'BBS’ shareholders', 'February', 'BONES', 'March', 'custodians', 'others', 'approval', 'BONEH', 'CEO', 'mail', 'tel', 'brief', 'operations', 'treatment', 'goal', 'research', 'perseverance', 'courage', 'evidence', '20 years', 'activities', 'innovation', 'employees', 'work', 'commercialisation', 'Oulu', '7.45', '46']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18576,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BBS-BIOACTIVE-BONE-SUBSTI-41648091/news/BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Approved-delisting-application-regarding-the-secondary-listing-on-th-43010502/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden,(marketscreener.com) BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj  Company release  16 February 2023 at 7.45 pm EET BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden Nasdaq Stoc…,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj  Company release  16 February 2023 at 7.45 pm EETBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market SwedenNasdaq Stockholm AB has today (February 16  2023) approved the application by BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (“BBS”) to delist the company’s share’s secondary listing (trading code BONES  ISIN code FI4000260583) from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (“Nasdaq FN GM Sweden”). BBS applied for delisting of its shares on February 13  2023.The last day of trading in the shares of BBS on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden shall be March 3  2023.The Company wants to remind BBS’ shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB that even while the listing of BBS’ shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden will be discontinued  such shareholders can continue trading in BBS’ shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland by first arranging for the cross-border settlement of their shares into the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. To effectuate cross-border settlement  the shareholder should contact their respective custodian. Some custodians will automatically do the settlement  and others will activate the cross-border settlement after approval by the shareholder.Following the delisting from Sweden  BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland in Euro and under the trading code: BONEH (ISIN code: FI4000260583).For more information:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +358 40 708 0307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB  tel. +46 70 551 67 29  info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes is a health technology company that started operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of severe bone fractures and lumber problems. Our goal is to provide a new generation of medical products for the treatment of bone damage in orthopaedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical sector  development and research requires perseverance and courage to develop new things. We have evidence of this for over 20 years. Our activities are characterised by top expertise  innovation and employees who are enthusiastic and committed to their work. The ARTEBONE ® in the final stages of product development  and we are looking for a CE marking that enables commercialisation in the EU. We are a company in Oulu with a pharmaceutical factory permit in Reisjärvi.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj:n shares are listed in Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (until delisting).More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'delisting application', 'secondary listing', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nasdaq FN GM Sweden', 'Nordic Certified Adviser AB', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'Nasdaq Stockholm AB', 'Euroclear Finland Oy.', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ shares', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'fi Certified Advisor', 'severe bone fractures', 'pharmaceutical factory permit', 'health technology company', 'bone damage', 'pharmaceutical sector', 'trading code', 'ISIN code', 'last day', 'book-entry system', 'respective custodian', 'new product', 'lumber problems', 'new generation', 'medical products', 'orthopaedic surgery', 'new things', 'top expertise', 'The ARTEBONE ®', 'final stages', 'CE marking', 'Reisjärvi', 'cross-border settlement', 'secondary listing', 'Company release', 'Ilkka Kangasniemi', 'product development', 'More information', 'delisting application', 'Oyj', 'February', 'BONES', 'shareholders', 'custodians', 'others', 'approval', 'BONEH', 'CEO', 'tel', 'mail', 'brief', 'operations', 'treatment', 'goal', 'research', 'perseverance', 'courage', 'evidence', '20 years', 'activities', 'innovation', 'employees', 'work', 'commercialisation', 'Oulu', '7.45', '46']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18577,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MARIMEKKO-OYJ-1412490/news/Notice-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-43001172/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Notice of Marimekko Corporation's Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m. Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.00 p.m. …,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m.Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be made available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2022  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 49 039 655.34 of which EUR 22 850 050.77 was profit for the financial year 2022. The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 0.34 per share be paid for the financial year 2022. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 13.8 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2023 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 24 April 2023 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202210. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for the year 2022  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 8 April 2020 by the company’s AGM  will be published by way of a stock exchange release and will be available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee consisting of members independent of the company and its significant shareholders  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2022 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 48 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 35 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 26 000 to the other Board members. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2022.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2023 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the AGM  13 April 2023  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice  he will  in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  be paid a monthly fee of EUR 4 400 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement. The monthly fee would remain unchanged from 2022. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors until the close of the next AGM.Carol Chen  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/board-of-directors/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor.16. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 9 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Helsinki. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“9 § The notice of the General Meeting shall be announced on the Company’s website not earlier than three (3) months and not later than three (3) weeks before the meeting  but in any case at least nine (9) days prior to the General Meeting’s record date. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of the General Meeting in one or more newspapers.In addition  the Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.The proposal is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative changes are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to present questions and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  due to for example pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to a general meeting under any circumstances.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 200 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 250 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.6 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the AGM in 2020 will be available on the company’s website on 23 March 2023 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the AGM can be viewed on the company’s website as of 27 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Wednesday 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.For natural persons  the electronic registration form requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. No strong electronic authentication is required of shareholders that are legal persons. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder can submit the registration form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  personal/business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name and personal ID of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Euroclear Finland Oy is used only in connection with the AGM and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the AGM  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the AGM requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 6 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the AGM.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the AGM from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. Should a shareholder participate in the AGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ on 8 March 2023 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the AGM in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders that are legal persons can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the legal person authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  Euroclear Finland Oy’s General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the AGM from 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/For natural persons  the electronic advance voting requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register and vote by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Of shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 8 March 2023 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the AGM prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. Following the AGM via webcast is not considered participating in the AGM or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the AGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the AGM.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the AGM.Helsinki  15 February 2023MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2022  the company's net sales were EUR 167 million and brand sales of the products worldwide amounted to EUR 382 million. Globally  there are roughly 150 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 460 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'payout record date', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'The Board', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'payout date', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'applicable legislation', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'financial year', 'committee work', 'meeting venue', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'A. Matters', 'total amount', 'interim report', 'remuneration report', 'Thursday 13 April', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'significant shareholders', 'parent company', '8.15 a', '17 April', '24 April', '8 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '23 March', 'annual-general-meeting', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'dividend', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'accordance', 'way', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '1 January', '31 March', '2.00', '1.00']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18578,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609328/0/en/Notice-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m.  Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting  The Annual...,English FinnishMarimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m.Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be made available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2022  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 49 039 655.34 of which EUR 22 850 050.77 was profit for the financial year 2022. The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 0.34 per share be paid for the financial year 2022. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 13.8 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2023 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 24 April 2023 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202210. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for the year 2022  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 8 April 2020 by the company’s AGM  will be published by way of a stock exchange release and will be available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee consisting of members independent of the company and its significant shareholders  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2022 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 48 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 35 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 26 000 to the other Board members. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2022.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2023 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the AGM  13 April 2023  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice  he will  in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  be paid a monthly fee of EUR 4 400 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement. The monthly fee would remain unchanged from 2022. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors until the close of the next AGM.Carol Chen  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/board-of-directors/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor.16. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 9 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Helsinki. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“9 § The notice of the General Meeting shall be announced on the Company’s website not earlier than three (3) months and not later than three (3) weeks before the meeting  but in any case at least nine (9) days prior to the General Meeting’s record date. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of the General Meeting in one or more newspapers.In addition  the Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.The proposal is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative changes are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to present questions and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  due to for example pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to a general meeting under any circumstances.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 200 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 250 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.6 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the AGM in 2020 will be available on the company’s website on 23 March 2023 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the AGM can be viewed on the company’s website as of 27 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Wednesday 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.For natural persons  the electronic registration form requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. No strong electronic authentication is required of shareholders that are legal persons. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder can submit the registration form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  personal/business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name and personal ID of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Euroclear Finland Oy is used only in connection with the AGM and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the AGM  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the AGM requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 6 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the AGM.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the AGM from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. Should a shareholder participate in the AGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ on 8 March 2023 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the AGM in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders that are legal persons can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the legal person authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  Euroclear Finland Oy’s General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the AGM from 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/For natural persons  the electronic advance voting requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register and vote by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Of shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 8 March 2023 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the AGM prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. Following the AGM via webcast is not considered participating in the AGM or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the AGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the AGM.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the AGM.Helsinki  15 February 2023MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2022  the company's net sales were EUR 167 million and brand sales of the products worldwide amounted to EUR 382 million. Globally  there are roughly 150 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 460 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'payout record date', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'The Board', 'English Finnish', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'payout date', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'applicable legislation', 'Mika Ihamuo', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'financial year', 'committee work', 'meeting venue', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'A. Matters', 'total amount', 'interim report', 'remuneration report', '1 January–31 March', 'Thursday 13 April', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'significant shareholders', 'parent company', '8.15 a', '23 March', '17 April', '24 April', '8 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'dividend', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'accordance', 'way', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '2.00', '1.00']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18579,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SENZIME-AB-PUBL-54900624/news/Senzime-Bulletin-from-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-February-16-2023-43007405/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Senzime : Bulletin from Extraordinary General Meeting  February 16  2023,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   16 February 2023 09:22:00 CET   Bulletin from Extraordinary General Meeting in Senzime AB    The extraordinary general meeting in Senzime AB   corp. reg. no 556565-5734 was held on 16 February 2023  whereby …,"PRESS RELEASE16 February 2023 09:22:00 CETBulletin from Extraordinary General Meeting in Senzime AB (publ)The extraordinary general meeting in Senzime AB (publ)  corp. reg. no 556565-5734 (the ""Company"") was held on 16 February 2023  whereby the shareholders primarily resolved on the following matter.Resolution on the approval of the board of director's resolution on a new issue of shares with preferential rights for existing shareholdersIn accordance with previously published information  the board of directors resolved 23 January 2023 on a new issue of shares with preferential rights for the shareholders  subject to the subsequent approval of the extraordinary general meeting. The general meeting resolved today to approve the board of director's resolution on new issue of a maximum of 13 976 797 shares.The Company's share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 1 747 099.625 through a new issue of a maximum of 13 976 797 shares. The subscription prices for the shares in the new issue is SEK 7.25 per new share. Subscription with subscription rights shall be made by cash payment during the period from 21 February 2023 to 7 March 2023.The new shares entitle to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that take place after the issue of new shares has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.It was noted that all resolutions were unanimous.For further information  please contact:Pia Renaudin  CEO of Senzime ABPhone: +46 (0) 70 813 34 17  e-mail:pia.renaudin@senzime.comSlavoljub Grujicic  CFOPhone: +46 (0) 76 306 60 11  e-mail:slavoljub.grujicic@senzime.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Senzime', 'Bulletin', 'February', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'first record date', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'first time', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Senzime AB', 'following matter', 'preferential rights', 'share capital', 'new share', 'cash payment', 'share register', 'new issue', 'subscription prices', 'subscription rights', 'subsequent approval', 'The Company', 'Slavoljub Grujicic', 'existing shareholders', 'Pia Renaudin', 'shares', 'February', 'Bulletin', 'publ', 'Resolution', 'board', 'director', 'accordance', 'information', 'maximum', 'SEK', 'period', '7 March', 'dividends', 'place', 'CEO', 'Phone', 'mail', 'CFO']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18580,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609366/0/en/Notice-to-the-Vaisala-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)      Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting     ...,English FinnishVaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST)Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.72 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2022 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 30  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 12  2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2023  is available on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm.Ville Voipio  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 will remain as they are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the People and Sustainability Committee  Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be eight (8). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe term of office of Board members Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio will end at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorVaisala would have an obligation to organize an audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) concerning the audit for the financial year 2024. The Audit Committee has prepared and organized a statutory audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the Audit Regulation during the fall 2022 one year early.The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Audit Firm  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Niina Vilske  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended so that the § 6 of Articles of Association would stipulate that the term of Board members would from now on terminate on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting instead of third Annual General Meeting (or shorter if so decided by General Meeting)  and the number of board members would be 6–9  and § 13 of Articles of Association would stipulate that a general meeting can be organized without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the § 6 and § 13 in the articles of association is attached as Annex 1 to this notice.In other respects  it is proposed that the articles of association remain unchanged.17. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own shares as follows:The authorization concerns only treasury series A shares. The authorization is limited to a maximum of 935 976 shares  which represents approximately 2.69% of series A shares in the company and approximately 2.20% of all shares in the company. The issuance of own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorization entitles the issuance of treasury series A shares as a directed issue without payment as part of the company's share-based incentive plans. The Board of Directors can also use this authorization to grant special rights entitling subscription of the company's own shares that are held by the company. The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other conditions of the issuance of own shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 28  2027. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2023  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view at the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 16  2023  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 23  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation.Such notice can be given:a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 16  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 16  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 23  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructionsregarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 23  2023. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked.All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 15  2023  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares comprised of 6 731 092 series K shares and 29 705 636 series A shares. Vaisala has 208 487 series A shares in treasury. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 164 118 989 of which series K shares represent 134 621 840 votes and series A shares represent 29 497 149 votes.The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) onwards. The link to the live stream can be found at vaisala.com/agm.Vantaa  February 15  2023Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in weather  environmental and industrial measurement. Building on over 85 years of experience  Vaisala provides observations for a better world. We are a reliable partner for customers around the world  offering a comprehensive range of innovative observation and measurement products and services. Headquartered in Finland  Vaisala employs over 2 000 professionals worldwide and is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com twitter.com/VaisalaGroup linkedin.com/VaisalaNOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  ANNEX 1Amendment of Articles of Association:Vaisala Annual General Meeting on March 28  2023  item 16The Board of Directors proposes that Articles 6 and 13 of the Articles of Association be amended to read as follows.Current ArticleProposal by the Board of DirectorsArticle 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of four to eight (4-8) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the third Annual General Meeting unless the General Meeting specifically decides on a shorter term when electing the Board Member. One third  or a number closest to one third  of the Board Members shall resign each year. Should the entire Board be elected at the same time  the number referred to above shall resign during the first two years selected by lot.Article 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of six to nine (6-9) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting. Article 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area.The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditorArticle 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area. The Board of Directors may resolve on organizing a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditor,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'audit firm selection procedure', 'English Finnish Vaisala Corporation', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Possible travel expenses', 'EU Audit Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'The Audit Committee', 'Ville Voipio', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Nomination Committee', 'other committee', 'personal information', 'fiscal year', 'attendance fees', 'financial year', 'Tuesday March', 'Sustainability Committee', 'live webcast', 'The Board', 'same shareholders', 'Board members', '9:30 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'EEST', 'website', 'questions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'distribution', 'April', 'Dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'agm', 'Chair', 'People', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'number', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'office', 'candidates', 'consent', 'investors', 'invoice', 'obligation', 'accordance', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18581,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAISALA-OYJ-1412567/news/Notice-to-the-Vaisala-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-43001944/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tue…,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General Meeting 02/16/2023 | 02:31am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET) Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST) Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast. A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor 7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.72 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2022 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 30  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 12  2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares. 9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2023  is available on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Ville Voipio  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report. 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 will remain as they are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the People and Sustainability Committee  Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The attendance fees are paid in cash. Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be eight (8). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below. 13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe term of office of Board members Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio will end at the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website vaisala.com/investors. 14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company. 15. Election of AuditorVaisala would have an obligation to organize an audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) concerning the audit for the financial year 2024. The Audit Committee has prepared and organized a statutory audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the Audit Regulation during the fall 2022 one year early. The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Audit Firm  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Niina Vilske  APA  as the auditor with principal authority. 16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended so that the § 6 of Articles of Association would stipulate that the term of Board members would from now on terminate on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting instead of third Annual General Meeting (or shorter if so decided by General Meeting)  and the number of board members would be 6–9  and § 13 of Articles of Association would stipulate that a general meeting can be organized without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the § 6 and § 13 in the articles of association is attached as Annex 1 to this notice. In other respects  it is proposed that the articles of association remain unchanged. 17. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity. Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects. The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022. 18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own shares as follows: The authorization concerns only treasury series A shares. The authorization is limited to a maximum of 935 976 shares  which represents approximately 2.69% of series A shares in the company and approximately 2.20% of all shares in the company. The issuance of own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorization entitles the issuance of treasury series A shares as a directed issue without payment as part of the company's share-based incentive plans. The Board of Directors can also use this authorization to grant special rights entitling subscription of the company's own shares that are held by the company. The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other conditions of the issuance of own shares. The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 28  2027. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022. 19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2023  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view at the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2023. C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 16  2023  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company. A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 23  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation. Such notice can be given: a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 16  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate. b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue. 2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 16  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 23  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructionsregarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. 3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting. In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 23  2023. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice. Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting. 4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting. On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 15  2023  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares comprised of 6 731 092 series K shares and 29 705 636 series A shares. Vaisala has 208 487 series A shares in treasury. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 164 118 989 of which series K shares represent 134 621 840 votes and series A shares represent 29 497 149 votes. The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) onwards. The link to the live stream can be found at vaisala.com/agm. Vantaa  February 15  2023Vaisala CorporationBoard of Directors Additional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212 DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.com Vaisala is a global leader in weather  environmental and industrial measurement. Building on over 85 years of experience  Vaisala provides observations for a better world. We are a reliable partner for customers around the world  offering a comprehensive range of innovative observation and measurement products and services. Headquartered in Finland  Vaisala employs over 2 000 professionals worldwide and is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com twitter.com/VaisalaGroup linkedin.com/Vaisala NOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  ANNEX 1 Amendment of Articles of Association:Vaisala Annual General Meeting on March 28  2023  item 16 The Board of Directors proposes that Articles 6 and 13 of the Articles of Association be amended to read as follows.Current ArticleProposal by the Board of DirectorsArticle 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of four to eight (4-8) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the third Annual General Meeting unless the General Meeting specifically decides on a shorter term when electing the Board Member. One third  or a number closest to one third  of the Board Members shall resign each year. Should the entire Board be elected at the same time  the number referred to above shall resign during the first two years selected by lot.Article 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of six to nine (6-9) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting. Article 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area.The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditorArticle 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area. The Board of Directors may resolve on organizing a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditorAll news about VAISALA OYJ 06:59a Vaisala Oyj : Q4 2022 presentation PU 03:39a Vaisala Oyj : Board's proposals for the Annual General Meeting PU 02:31a Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General Meeting GL 02:16a Vaisala's Board of Directors resolved on a long-term performance share plan GL 02:15a Vaisala's Board of Directors resolved on a long-term performance share plan AQ 02:02a Vaisala Corporation Financial Statement Release January–December 2022 GL 02:01a Vaisala Corporation Financial Statement Release January–December 2022 AQ 02:00a Vaisala Corporation Provides Earnings Guidance for the Full Year 2023 CI 02:00a Vaisala Corporation Proposes Dividend CI 02:00a Vaisala Oyj Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'Annual General Meeting Notice', 'multiple email addresses', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'fields Vaisala Corporation', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'Ville Voipio', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'personal information', 'Audit Committee', 'Nomination Committee', 'other committee', 'attendance fees', 'First name', 'fiscal year', 'live webcast', 'Sustainability Committee', 'The Board', 'same shareholders', 'Board members', '9:30 a', 'commas', 'Message', 'February', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'EEST', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'website', 'agm', 'questions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'distribution', 'April', 'Dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'Chair', 'People', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'number', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'office', 'candidates', 'consent', 'investors', 'invoice', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18582,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAISALA-OYJ-1412567/news/Vaisala-Oyj-Board-s-proposals-for-the-Annual-General-Meeting-43002452/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Vaisala Oyj : Board's proposals for the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)   Board of Directors' proposals to the Annual General Meeting 2023   Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend   The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a divi…,Board of Directors' proposals to the Annual General Meeting 2023Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.72 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2022 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 30  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 12  2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 will remain as are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation's series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the Remuneration and HR Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditors be reimbursed according to their invoice presented to the company.Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Audit Firm  be elected as the company's auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Niina Vilske  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes the articles of association be amended so that the § 6 of Articles of Association would stipulate that the term of Board members would from now on terminate on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting instead of third Annual General Meeting (or shorter if so decided by General Meeting)  and the number of board members would be 6-9  and § 13 of Articles of Association would stipulate that a general meeting can be organized without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the § 6 and § 13 in the articles of association is attached as Annex 1 to the Notice to the Annual General Meeting.In other respects  it is proposed that the articles of association remain unchanged.Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Oyj', 'Board', 'proposals', 'first Annual General Meeting', 'third Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Possible travel expenses', ""shareholders' current shareholdings"", 'series A shares', 'same meeting', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'travel policy', 'possible acquisitions', 'annual remuneration', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'fiscal year', 'record date', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'attendance fees', 'Audit Committee', 'HR Committee', 'other committee', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'Audit Firm', 'Niina Vilske', 'principal authority', 'other respects', 'unrestricted equity', 'public trading', 'other arrangements', 'incentive programs', 'treasury shares', 'market price', 'previous authorization', 'The Board', ""Directors' proposals"", 'Board members', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'distribution', 'April', 'Dividend', 'term', 'close', 'Chair', 'cash', 'company', 'Auditors', 'invoice', 'Election', 'recommendation', 'APA', 'articles', 'association', 'closing', 'number', 'Annex', 'Notice', 'repurchase', 'maximum', 'one', 'instalments', 'funds', 'proportion', 'moment', 'rules', 'consideration', 'part', 'business', 'investments', 'September', 'March', '§']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18583,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/G5-ENTERTAINMENT-AB-PUBL-12684650/news/G5-Entertainment-Notice-to-attend-the-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-G5-Entertainment-AB-publ-43000143/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230215,G5 Entertainment : Notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting of G5 Entertainment AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)   Notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting of G5 Entertainment AB  The shareholders of G5 Entertainment AB   reg. no 556680-8878 are hereby summoned to attend the extraordinary general meeting to be held at 10.00 am on Thurs…,"Notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting ofG5 Entertainment AB (publ)The shareholders of G5 Entertainment AB (publ)  reg. no 556680-8878 (the ""Company"") are hereby summoned to attend the extraordinary general meeting to be held at 10.00 am (CET) on Thursday 16 February 2023 at Eversheds Sutherland's office at Strandvägen 1 in Stockholm  Sweden. Registration begins at 9:30 am (CET).NotificationShareholders who wish to attend the extraordinary general meeting must:- be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on 8 February 2023;- no later than 10 February 2023  preferably before 4 pm (CET)  have given notice of their participation and potential assistants to G5 Entertainment AB  Birger Jarlsgatan 18  3 tr  114 34 Stockholm or by e-mail to agm@g5e.se  stating full name  personal identification number or registration number  address  day-time phone number and  when applicable  information regarding any representative  proxy and/or a maximum of two assistants.Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in order to have the right to attend the extraordinary general meeting  request to be temporarily registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The shareholder must instruct their nominee thereof in due time prior to 10 February 2023  by which date such registration must be executed.Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney to the proxy signed by the shareholder. A power of attorney issued by a legal entity shall have a copy of registration certificate attached  or if such certificate does not exist  equivalent authorization document. A power of attorney form for shareholders who wish to participate the general meeting by proxy are available on the Company's website (http://g5e.se/corporate). The power of attorney and the registration certificate may not be issued earlier than one year before the date of the general meeting  with the exception of the power of attorney specifies a longer period  up to a maximum of five years. The original power of attorney and any registration certificate must be available at the general meeting and copies of the documents should  in advance of the general meeting be sent to the Company at the address above.Agenda1. Opening of the general meeting2. Preparation and approval of voting register3. Election of chairman of the extraordinary general meeting4. Presentation and approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes together with the chairman6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Resolution on (a) reduction of the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares  and (b) increase of the share capital by way of bonus issue8. Resolution to authorize the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions9. Closure of general meetingThe board's proposals to resolutionsItem 7. - Resolutions on (a) reduction of the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares  and (b) increase of the share capital by way of bonus issue(a) Reduction of the share capital by way of cancellation of own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares which have been repurchased by the board of directors based on authorization given at the annual general meeting in 2022.The share capital shall be reduced with SEK 25 915.74 by way of cancellation of 250 000 shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity.The resolution to reduce the share capital under this item (a) may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a court of general jurisdiction  as the Company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue  as set out under item (b) below  with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with  as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.(b) Increase of the share capital by way of bonus issueWith the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital  as set out under item (a) above  the board of directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting at the same time resolves to increase the share capital by way of a bonus issue with amount corresponding to SEK 25 915.74  which equals the amount that the share capital is reduced with by way of cancellation of shares  as set out under item (a) above. The bonus issue shall be carried out with the amount being transferred from unrestricted equity without the issuance of new shares.The board of directors proposes that the resolutions under items (a) and (b) above will be voted on at the extraordinary general meeting as one joint resolution.Majority requirementA valid resolution requires that the shareholders at the meeting representing at least 2/3 of the number of shares and votes represented vote in favor of the proposal.Item 8 - Resolution to authorize the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutionsThe board proposes that the general meeting authorizes the board  the CEO or the person otherwise designated by the board  to undertake minor adjustments and clarifications of the resolutions made by the general meeting to the extent it is required for registration of the resolutions.Additional informationNumber of shares and votes in the CompanyAt the date of this notice  the Company has a total of 8 955 850 shares outstanding  representing a total of 8 800 870 votes. At the date of submission of this notice to the Swedish Gazette  the Company holds 609 650 of its ordinary shares and 172 000 C-shares.Shareholders' right to request informationShareholders are informed of their right under Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request information at the extraordinary general meeting in respect of circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company's financial situation. The board and the CEO shall provide such information if the board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company. The duty of disclosure also applies to the Company's relationships with other companies in the group and such circumstances as mentioned above applicable to subsidiaries.DocumentsThe notice includes the full proposal for the resolutions proposed by the board. Documents pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be made available to shareholders at the Company's office no later than two weeks before the extraordinary general meeting and will be sent upon request in connection therewith to shareholders' stating their postal address. At the stated time  the documents will also be available at the Company's website.Stockholm  January 2023G5 Entertainment AB (publ)The board of directors",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['extraordinary general meeting', 'G5 Entertainment AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'G5 Entertainment AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identification number', 'day-time phone number', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'equivalent authorization document', 'one joint resolution', 'general jurisdiction', 'registration number', 'Eversheds Sutherland', 'Strandvägen', 'potential assistants', 'Birger Jarlsgatan', 'full name', 'two assistants', 'due time', 'legal entity', 'longer period', 'five years', 'voting register', 'two persons', 'bonus issue', 'minor adjustments', 'unrestricted equity', 'same time', 'Majority requirement', 'share register', 'share capital', 'registration certificate', 'valid resolution', 'dated power', 'original power', 'Thursday 16 February', 'attorney form', 'new shares', '8 February', '10 February', '250,000 shares', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Company', 'Stockholm', 'Notification', 'CET', 'participation', '3 tr', 'mail', 'agm', 'address', 'information', 'representative', 'proxy', 'maximum', 'order', 'right', 'nominee', 'written', 'copy', 'website', 'corporate', 'exception', 'copies', 'documents', 'advance', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Presentation', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'reduction', 'way', 'cancellation', 'increase', 'board', 'directors', 'resolutions', 'Closure', 'proposals', 'Item', 'SEK', 'purpose', 'allocation', 'cases', 'court', 'amount', 'less', 'measures', 'issuance', '2/3', '10.00', '9:30', '4']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18584,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MALIN-CORPORATION-PLC-21309480/news/Malin-Notice-of-2023-Annual-General-Meeting-43001826/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Malin : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)    THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the action you should take  you are recommended to immediately consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other in…,"Malin : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting 02/16/2023 | 02:19am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the action you should take  you are recommended to immediately consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent professional adviser who  if you are taking advice in Ireland  is an organisation or ﬁrm authorised or exempted pursuant to the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. No. 375 of 2017) (as amended) of Ireland or the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 of Ireland or  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  an organisation or ﬁrm authorised or exempted under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended)  or from another appropriately authorised independent ﬁnancial advisor if you are in a territory outside Ireland or the United Kingdom. If you sell or have sold or otherwise transferred all your shares in Malin Corporation plc  please send this document  and the accompanying Form of Proxy to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer is/was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. MALIN CORPORATION PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting To be held on 10 March 2023 at 10.15 a.m. (Irish Standard Time) in the Conrad Hotel  Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 V562  Ireland The 2022 Annual Report is available to view online at: www.malinplc.com Notice of the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Malin Corporation plc (""Malin"" or the ""Company"") to be held in the Conrad Hotel  Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 V562  Ireland on Friday  10 March 2023  at 10.15 a.m. (or  if later  as soon as practicable after the Extraordinary General Meeting convened for 10.00 a.m. on the same date and at the same place shall have been concluded or adjourned)  is set out in this document  accompanied by a Form of Proxy for use in connection with the resolutions at the meeting. To be valid  the Form of Proxy must be returned  in the manner set out in the notes to this document  so as to be received by the Company's Registrar  Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited  3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  D24 AK82  Ireland by 10.15 a.m. on Wednesday  8 March 2023. Proxy voting can be carried out in advance of the AGM by availing of one of the following options: For shareholders holding shares in certificated (i.e. paper) form: electronically at www.eproxyappointment.com; orby completing the proxy form enclosed with this Notice of AGM and returning it to Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited at the address above. For shareholders holding uncertificated (electronic) interests in the Company  via the CREST or Euroclear Bank systems: The process for appointing a proxy and/or voting in connection with the AGM depends on the manner in which you hold your interests in the Company. Please see the notes to the Notice of AGM on pages 10 to 11 and the Company's website for further information. All such persons are recommended to consult their stockbroker or intermediary at the earliest opportunity. Teleconference Facility Shareholders may listen to the proceedings of the meeting remotely by teleconference using the dial-in details below: Ireland (Local) 01 5369584 United Kingdom (Local) 020 3936 2999 USA (Local) 1 646 664 1960 All other locations +44 20 3936 2999 Listen-Only Access Code: 730530 The Board encourages shareholders to check Regulatory News Services and the Company's website (www.malinplc.com) for any updates in relation to the AGM. Letter from the Chair 16 February 2023 Dear Shareholder It is my pleasure to invite you to the Annual General Meeting of Malin Corporation plc which will be held in the Conrad Hotel  Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 V562  Ireland at 10.15 a.m. on Friday  10 March 2023 (or  if later  as soon as practicable after the Extraordinary General Meeting convened for 10.00 a.m. on the same date and at the same place shall have been concluded or adjourned). I set out below the background to the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM  each of which the Board of Directors (the ""Board"" or the ""Directors"") considers to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. The Annual Report and Financial Statements for 2022 are available to view and download from the Company's website  www. malinplc.com  under the ""Reports & Presentations"" section of the ""Investors"" tab. You may at any time opt to receive a paper copy of the Annual Report by contacting +353 1 901 5700 or by emailing cosec@malinplc.com. To ensure all shareholders are fully represented by voting at the meeting  I would urge you  to submit your proxy form as soon as possible but  in any event  so as to reach Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited by 10.15 a.m. on Wednesday  8 March 2023. The submission of a proxy form will not preclude a registered shareholder from attending the meeting and voting in person should they wish to do so. The process for appointing a proxy and/or voting in connection with the resolutions to be proposed at the meeting depends on the manner in which you hold your shares. Further details are set out in the notes to the Notice of AGM on pages 10 to 11. For those shareholders who intend to appoint a proxy other than the chair of the AGM  we would ask that  as a contingency measure  you would additionally appoint the chair of the AGM as an alternative in the event that the initially intended proxy is unable to attend for any reason (and does not appoint a substitute). This will facilitate your vote being included in a wider range of contingent scenarios. Please note that persons holding their interests in the Company through the Euroclear Bank or CREST (CDI) systems must comply with any earlier or other voting submission deadline imposed by those systems. Further information in this respect is provided in the notes to the Notice of AGM and on the Company's website www.malinplc.com. The Company has made a teleconference facility available to shareholders who do not physically attend the meeting  to listen to the business of the AGM. An audio recording of the meeting will be made available through the Company's website (www.malinplc.com) for one month following the date of the AGM. The formal Notice of AGM appears on pages 5 to 8 of this document  and this letter explains the 8 items to be transacted at the AGM. Resolution 1: Financial Statements  Annual Report and Affairs of the Company Resolution 1 is asking members to receive and consider the Financial Statements and the reports of the Directors and Auditors for 2022 and to review the affairs of the Company. Resolution 1 is an advisory resolution and is not binding on the Company. Resolution 2: Remuneration Committee's Report Resolution 2 is asking members to receive and consider the Remuneration Committee's Report as set out on pages 32 to 38 of the 2022 Annual Report. Resolution 2 is an advisory resolution and is not binding on the Company. Resolution 3: Re-Appointment of Directors Resolution 3 deals with the re-appointment of the Directors. Each of the current Directors will retire from ofﬁce and offer themselves for re-appointment to the Board at the AGM. The names of the 2 Directors together with a detailed description of the skills  expertise and experience that each of the Directors brings to the Board are set out  as applicable  on the Company's website  www.malinplc.com  under the ""Leadership & Governance"" section of the 'About Us' tab. The re-appointment of each Director will be considered separately. Resolution 4: Remuneration of the Auditors Resolution 4 deals with the authorisation of the Board to ﬁx the remuneration of the Auditors. Resolution 5: Re-Appointment of the Auditors Resolution 5 is asking members to consider the continuation in ofﬁce of KPMG as Auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company. Resolution 5 is an advisory resolution and is not binding on the Company. Resolution 6: Directors' Authority to Allot Shares Resolution 6 is asking members to renew the Directors' authority to allot relevant securities within the meaning of Section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014  up to either: an aggregate nominal value of €125 151  in the event that the Required Resolutions are approved at the EGM  (which will represent approximately 66% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital immediately following completion of the Tender Offer assuming (a) approval of the Required Resolutions at the EGM  and (b) that the maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be purchased by the Company under the Tender Offer are purchased by the Company and cancelled)  of which any allotment in excess of €62 576 (which will represent 33% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital at that time based on the same assumptions above) may only be applied to allot shares pursuant to a rights issue; or  an aggregate nominal value of €22 451  in the event that the Required Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  (which represents 66% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 14 February 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the AGM Notice)  of which any allotment in excess of €11 225 (which represents 33% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 14 February 2023) may only be applied to allot shares pursuant to a rights issue. The Directors will exercise this authority only if they consider it to be in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole at the relevant time. Resolution 7: Disapplication of Statutory Pre-emption Rights in Certain Circumstances Resolution 7 is asking members to renew the Directors' authority to disapply the strict statutory pre-emption provisions in certain circumstances  being (a) rights issues  open offers or other pre-emptive offers and subject thereto by way of placing or otherwise of any shares not taken up in such issue or offer; and/or (b) for allotments (other than by way of pre-emptive offers) for cash up to either: in the event that the Required Resolutions are approved at the EGM  an aggregate nominal value of €9 481 (which will represent approximately 5% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital immediately following completion of the Tender Offer assuming (a) approval of the Required Resolutions at the EGM  and (b) that the maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be purchased by the Company under the Tender Offer are purchased by the Company and cancelled); or  in the event that the Required Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  an aggregate nominal value of €1 701 (which represents 5% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 14 February 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the AGM Notice)). The Directors will exercise this authority only if they consider it to be in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole at the relevant time. 3 Resolution 8: Authority to Purchase Own Shares Resolution 8 is proposed to provide the Company  and/or any of its subsidiaries  with the authority to purchase up to a number of shares whose aggregate nominal value shall equal either: in the event that the Required Resolutions are approved at the EGM  10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued share capital immediately following completion of the Tender Offer; or in the event that the Required Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued share capital as at 14 February 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this AGM Notice). This authority will provide ﬂexibility in the management of the Company's capital and will be exercised only if the Directors consider it to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole at the relevant time. The resolution also sets out the minimum and maximum prices that may be paid for shares purchased in this manner. Recommendation The Board is satisﬁed that each of the resolutions set out in the Notice of AGM is in the best interests of the Company and its members as a whole. Accordingly  your Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote in favour of each of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM. Yours faithfully Liam Daniel Chair 16 February 2023 4 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF MALIN CORPORATION PLC NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of Malin Corporation plc (the ""Company"") will be held in the Conrad Hotel  Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 V562  Ireland at 10.15 a.m. on Friday  10 March 2023 (or  if later  as soon as practicable after the Extraordinary General Meeting convened for 10.00 a.m. on the same date and at the same place shall have been concluded or adjourned)  for the following purposes: Ordinary Resolutions To receive and consider the Company's ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  together with the Reports of the Directors and the Auditors thereon  and to review the affairs of the Company (Resolution 1). To receive and consider the Remuneration Committee's Report for 2022 (Resolution 2). As separate resolutions  to re-appoint the following Directors: To re-appoint Liam Daniel (Resolution 3(a)) To re-appoint Darragh Lyons (Resolution 3(b)) To re-appoint Rudy Mareel (Resolution 3(c)) To re-appointJean-Michel Cosséry (Resolution 3(d)) To re-appoint Kirsten Drejer (Resolution 3(e)) To re-appoint Christopher Pedrick (Resolution 3(f)) To authorise the Directors to ﬁx the remuneration of the Auditors (Resolution 4). To consider the continuation in ofﬁce of KPMG as Auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company (Resolution 5). To consider and  if thought ﬁt  to pass the following as an Ordinary Resolution (Resolution 6):""That pursuant to Section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014  the Directors be and are hereby generally and unconditionally authorised to exercise all of the powers of the Company to allot and issue all relevant securities of the Company (within the meaning of Section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014): without prejudice to or limitation of any power and authority granted under paragraph (b) of this Resolution 6  either: in the event that the Required Resolutions are approved at the EGM  up to an aggregate nominal amount of €62 576 (which amount will represent approximately 33% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital immediately following completion of the Tender Offer assuming (a) approval of the Required Resolutions at the EGM  and (b) that the maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be purchased by the Company under the Tender Offer are purchased by the Company and cancelled); or in the event that the Required Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  up to an aggregate nominal amount of €11 225  representing approximately 33% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 14 February 2023; and 5 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Malin Corporation plc published this content on 16 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 16 February 2023 07:18:01 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about MALIN CORPORATION PLC 01:06p Malin confident heading into 2023; proposes investor return AN 11:26a Malin to return up to EUR140 million to shareholders AN 07:25a Malin Starts Tender Offer for Shares MT 02:19a Malin : 2022 Malin Annual Report PU 02:19a Malin : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting PU 02:19a Malin : Form of Proxy (for information Only) PU 01/23 TRADING UPDATES: CyanConnode to raise funds; Pure Gold cancels listing AN 2022 Malin Pockets EUR145 Million in Exit from Biotechnology Company Immunocare MT 2022 An unknown buyer acquired a 5% stake in Immunocore .. CI 2022 Malin : CG Oncology Raises $120 Million in Oversubscribed Series E Financing to Advance Cl.. PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Malin', 'Notice', 'other independent professional adviser', 'MALIN CORPORATION PLC Notice', 'independent ﬁnancial advisor', 'multiple email addresses', 'S.I. No.', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'Citywest Business Campus', 'Listen-Only Access Code', 'Regulatory News Services', 'Financial Instruments) Regulations', 'UK Financial Services', 'Investment Intermediaries Act', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Irish Standard Time', 'uncertificated (electronic) interests', 'Euroclear Bank systems', 'The Annual Report', 'Teleconference Facility Shareholders', '2022 Annual Report', 'other agent', 'other locations', 'Financial Statements', 'Markets Act', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'bank manager', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'Conrad Hotel', 'Earlsfort Terrace', 'same date', 'same place', '3100 Lake Drive', 'D24 AK82', 'following options', 'earliest opportunity', 'Dear Shareholder', 'best interests', 'Investors"" tab', 'accompanying Form', 'First name', 'paper copy', 'Ireland) Limited', 'proxy form', 'Proxy voting', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'advice', 'organisation', 'ﬁrm', 'territory', 'shares', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', '10 March', '10.15 a', 'Dublin', 'AGM', 'Friday', 'use', 'connection', 'resolutions', 'manner', 'notes', 'Registrar', 'Wednesday', '8 March', 'advance', 'CREST', 'process', 'pages', 'website', 'information', 'persons', 'intermediary', 'proceedings', 'details', 'Local', 'USA', 'Board', 'updates', 'relation', 'Letter', 'Chair', 'pleasure', '10.00 a', 'background', 'Directors', 'Reports', 'Presentations', 'section', 'cosec', 'event', 'submission']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18585,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/citycon-boards-asset-distribution-proposal-to-the-annual-general-meeting-301749285.html,Citycon Board's asset distribution proposal to the Annual General Meeting,HELSINKI  Finland  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2023 at 20:30 hrs The Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2023 asset distribution as foll…,HELSINKI  Finland  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2023 at 20:30 hrsThe Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2023 asset distribution as follows.The Board of Directors proposes that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial period ended on 31 December 2022  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the Annual General Meeting. Nonetheless  the Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide in its discretion on the distribution of assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the manner set forth below.Based on this authorization  the maximum total amount of equity repayment distributed from the invested unrestricted equity fund shall not exceed EUR 0.50 per share. Based on the current total number of issued shares in the company  the authorization would equal to a maximum of EUR 84 004 470 in equity repayment.The authorization is valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting.Unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason  the authorization will be used to distribute equity repayment four times during the period of validity of the authorization. In this case  the Board of Directors will make separate resolutions on each distribution of the equity repayment so that the preliminary record and payment dates will be as stated below. Citycon shall make separate announcements of such Board resolutions.Preliminary payment date Preliminary record date 31 March 2023 24 March 2023 30 June 2023 23 June 2023 29 September 2023 22 September 2023 29 December 2023 20 December 2023The equity repayment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend and/or equity repayment.Citycon publishes the notice to the Annual General Meeting as a stock exchange release and on the company's website separately.CITYCON OYJFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVice President  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTel. +358 50 387 8180sakari.jarvela@citycon.comCitycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.3 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comSOURCE Citycon Oyj,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['asset distribution proposal', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Citycon Board', 'Sakari Järvelä Vice President', 'CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'current total number', 'mixed-use real estate', 'modern, necessity-based retail', 'municipal service spaces', 'sustainable property management', 'investment-grade credit ratings', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'maximum total amount', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Preliminary payment date', 'SOURCE Citycon Oyj', 'Preliminary record date', 'payment dates', 'equity repayment', 'balance sheet', 'justified reason', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcements', ""shareholders' register"", 'Corporate Finance', 'Investor Relations', 'Nordic region', 'urban hubs', 'direct connections', 'public transport', 'other services', 'everyday needs', 'Standard & Poor', 'financial period', 'vibrant communities', 'asset distribution', 'Board resolutions', 'Feb.', 'February', 'Directors', '21 March 2023', '31 December', 'discretion', 'assets', 'manner', 'authorization', 'shares', 'company', 'opening', 'validity', 'case', '24 March', '30 June', '29 September', '20 December', 'notice', 'website', 'information', 'Tel.', 'jarvela', 'manager', 'developer', 'office', 'centres', 'heart', 'grocery', 'healthcare', 'customers', 'Moody', 'Baa', '20:30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,prnewswire.co.uk
18586,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SPEAR-INVESTMENTS-I-B-V-129226115/news/SPEAR-Investments-I-B-Amendment-AoA-English-43009040/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,SPEAR Investments I B : Amendment AoA (English),(marketscreener.com)   ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION:   CHAPTER 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.   Artikel 1. Definitions and Construction.   1.1 In these Articles of Association  the following terms have the following meanings:   AZ Capital Sponsor m…,SPEAR Investments I B : Amendment AoA (English) 02/16/2023 | 10:19am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION: CHAPTER 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION. Artikel 1. Definitions and Construction. 1.1 In these Articles of Association  the following terms have the following meanings: AZ Capital Sponsor means AZ Capital SPEAR Investments I  S.L.  a company incorporated under the laws of Spain  registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid under volume 41745  sheet M-739443 and page 116. Board means the Management Board of the Company. Business Combination has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 20.1. Capital Share means a non-voting preference Share in the capital of the Company. Company means the company governed by these Articles of Association. Director means a member of the Board and refers to both an Executive Director and a Non-Executive Director. Dutch Representative has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 14.3. Escrow Account means the escrow account which is held by the Escrow Foundation with Intertrust. Escrow Foundation means Stichting SPEAR Investments Escrow  a foundation under Dutch law (stichting)  having its official seat in the municipality of Amsterdam  the Netherlands  its office address at Basisweg 10  1043 AP Amsterdam  the Netherlands  and registered in the Dutch Commercial Register under number 83119477. Euroclear Netherlands means Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V.  trading under the name Euroclear Nederland  being the central depositary as referred to in the Dutch Securities Giro Act. Executive Director means a Director appointed as Executive Director referred to in Article 14.1. External Auditor has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 26.1. General Meeting or General Meeting of Shareholders means the body of the Company consisting of those in whom as shareholder or otherwise the voting rights on shares are vested or a meeting of such persons (or their representatives) and other persons holding Meeting Rights. Initial Business Combination Deadline means fifteen (15) months from fifteen November two thousand and twenty-one. Intertrust means Intertrust Escrow and Settlements B.V.  a private limited liability company under Dutch law (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid)  having its official seat in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  its office address at Basisweg 10  1043 AP Amsterdam  the Netherlands  and registered in the Dutch Commercial Register under number 74027166. Meeting Rights means the right to attend the General Meetings and to speak at such meetings  as a Shareholder or as a person to whom these EUO3: 2011261812.1 1 rights have been attributed in accordance with Article 13. Non-ExecutiveDirector means a Director appointed as Non-Executive Director referred to in Article 14.1. Ordinary Share means an ordinary share in the capital of the Company. Record Date has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 35.2. Share means a share in the capital of the Company. Unless the contrary is apparent  this includes each Ordinary Share  each Special Share and Capital Share. Shareholder means a holder of one or more Shares. This includes a person holding co-ownership rights with regard to shares included in the Statutory Giro System. Special Share means a convertible Share in the capital of the Company referred to in Article 4.1(b). Statutory Giro System means the giro system as referred to in the Dutch Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer). STJ Advisors Sponsor means STJ SPEAR Investments I LLP  a limited liability partnership under the laws of England and Wales and registered under registration number OC437503. Warrant has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 6. A message in writing means a message transmitted by letter  by telecopier  by e-mail or by any other means of electronic communication provided the relevant message or document is legible and reproducible  and the term written is to be construed accordingly. The Board  the General Meeting as well as the meeting of holders of Shares of a particular class of Shares and the meeting of Warrant holders  each constitutes a distinct body of the Company. References in these Articles of Association to the meeting of holders of Shares of a particular class will be understood to mean the body of the Company consisting of the holders of Shares of the relevant class or (as the case may be) a meeting of holders of Shares of the relevant class (or their representatives) and other persons entitled to attend such meetings. References to Articles refer to articles which are part of these Articles of Association  except where expressly indicated otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires  words and expressions contained and not otherwise defined in these Articles of Association bear the same meaning as in the Dutch Civil Code. References in these Articles of Association to the law are references to provisions of Dutch law as it reads from time to time. CHAPTER 2. NAME  OFFICIAL SEAT AND OBJECTS. Artikel 2. Name and Official Seat. The Company's name is: SPEAR Investments I B.V. The official seat of the Company is in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.Artikel 3. Objects.The objects of the Company are: to incorporate  to participate in any way whatsoever in  to manage  to supervise businesses and companies; to render advice and services to businesses and companies with which the Company forms a group and to third parties; to finance businesses and companies; to grant guarantees  to bind the Company and to pledge its assets for obligations of businesses and companies with which it forms a group and on behalf of third parties; to acquire  manage  exploit and alienate registered property and items of property in general; to develop and trade in patents  trade marks  licenses  know-how  copyrights  data base rights and other intellectual property rights; to perform any and all activities of an industrial  financial or commercial nature; and to do all that is connected therewith or may be conducive thereto  all to be interpreted in the broadest sense. CHAPTER 3. SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES. Artikel 4. Capital and Shares. The capital of the Company consists of: Ordinary Shares with a nominal value of one eurocent (EUR 0.01) each; Special Shares with a nominal value of one eurocent (EUR 0.01) each; and/or Capital Shares with a nominal value of ten thousand euro (EUR 10 000) each. Capital Shares grant no voting rights in the General Meeting  but provide for Meeting Rights. All Shares will be registered Shares and are numbered by class. No share certificates will be issued. Artikel 5. Conversion rights Special Shares. Each Special Share is convertible into one (1) Ordinary Share. The other terms of and/or the conditions for the conversion are laid down in the relationship agreement between the Company and the sponsors of the Company  and published on the website of the Company. The conversion takes place by board resolution  with due observance of the relevant terms and conditions. If  as a consequence of a conversion of Shares or otherwise  no Shares of a specific class are outstanding  the rights that are attached to this class of Shares will be suspended for the purpose of these Articles of Association  and unless an issuance of Shares of this class is foreseen  a proposal to amend the Articles of Association will be tabled in the next General Meeting. Artikel 6. Warrants. The Company may issue different types of transferable rights (the Warrants ) to the holders of Ordinary Shares and Special Shares  entitling the Warrant holders to convert such Warrants into a specified number of Ordinary Shares on the terms of such Warrants established by the Board and published on the website of the Company. A resolution of the Board to amend the terms of the Warrants which has the effect of reducing the rights attributable to holders of Warrants  is subject to approval of the meeting of holders of Warrants. 6.3 The Warrants do not entitle the holders thereof to receive dividend  other distributions from the reserves or liquidation distributions in the Company until the moment the Warrants are converted into Shares. Artikel 7. Register of Shareholders. The Company must keep a register of Shareholders. The register of Shareholders may consist of various parts which may be kept in different places and each may be kept in more than one copy and in more than one place as determined by the Board. Ordinary Shares included in the Statutory Giro System will be registered in the name of Euroclear Netherlands or an intermediary (as referred to in the Dutch Securities Giro Act). Holders of Shares that are not included in the Statutory Giro System  as well as each usufructuary and each pledgee of such Shares  are obliged to furnish their names and addresses to the Company in writing; these will be recorded in the register of Shareholders. The Board will supply anyone recorded in the register on request and free of charge with an extract from the register relating to his or her right to Shares. The register will be kept up to date. The Board will set rules with respect to the signing of registrations and entries in the register of Shareholders. The provisions of Section 2:194 of the Dutch Civil Code apply to the register of Shareholders. Artikel 8. Issuance of Shares. Shares may be issued pursuant to a resolution of the Board. A resolution to issue Special Shares requires the prior approval of the meeting of holders of Special Shares. A resolution to issue Capital Shares requires the prior approval of the meeting of holders of Capital Shares. Upon the resolution to issue Shares  the Board determines the issue price and the other conditions of issuance in the resolution to issue. The foregoing provisions of this Artikel 8 apply by analogy to the granting of rights to subscribe for Shares  but do not apply to the issuance of Shares to a person exercising a right to subscribe for Shares previously granted. Upon each issuance of Shares  the Board can decide that the issuance takes place at the expense of the freely distributable reserves of the Company. The issue of a Share  not being a Share included in the Statutory Giro System  furthermore requires a notarial deed drawn up for that purpose and executed before a civil law notary officiating in The Netherlands  to which the Company and the person or persons subscribing for that Share are a party. The Board is authorised to enter into legal acts relating to non-cash contributions and the other legal acts referred to in Section 2:204 of the Dutch Civil Code without the prior approval of the General Meeting. Artikel 9. Pre-emptive Rights. 9.1 Upon the issuance of Ordinary Shares  each holder of Ordinary Shares and/or Special Shares will have pre-emptive rights in proportion to the number of Ordinary Shares and/or Special Shares held by the Shareholder. A Shareholder will not have pre-emptive rights in respect of Ordinary Shares issued against a contribution in kind (storting in natura). Nor will he or she have pre-emptive rights in respect of Ordinary Shares issued to employees of the Company or of a group company (groepsmaatschappij) as defined in Section 2:24b of the Dutch Civil Code. Upon the issuance of Special Shares  each holder of Special Shares will have pre-emptive rights in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of his or her Special Shares. Holders of Ordinary Shares will not have pre-emptive rights in respect of Special Shares. Upon the issuance of Capital Shares  each holder of Capital Shares will have pre-emptive rights in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of his or her Capital Shares. Prior to each individual issuance  the pre-emptive rights may be restricted or excluded by a resolution of the Board. When rights are granted to subscribe for Ordinary Shares  the Shareholders will have pre-emptive rights in respect thereof; the foregoing provisions of Article 9.1 apply by analogy. Shareholders will have no pre-emptive rights in respect of Ordinary Shares issued to a person exercising a right to subscribe for Ordinary Shares previously granted (including  for the avoidance of doubt  upon the conversion of Warrants). The last sentence applies  mutatis mutandis   for Special Shares. Artikel 10. Own Shares. When issuing Shares  the Company may not subscribe for its own Shares. The Company and its subsidiaries ( dochtermaatschappijen) are entitled to acquire fully paid-up Shares  or depositary receipts for Shares  with due observance of the relevant statutory provisions. No voting rights may be exercised in the General Meeting with respect to any Share held by the Company or by a subsidiary (dochtermaatschappij)   or any Share for which the Company or a subsidiary (dochtermaatschappij) holds the depositary receipts. When calculating dividend distributions and when calculating any other distributions  shares held by the Company in its own capital will not be taken into account. The Board is authorised to alienate Shares held by the Company or depositary receipts for Shares. Own Shares and depositary receipts for Shares are furthermore subject to the provisions of Sections 2:205  2:207  2:207a  2:207b  2:207d and 2:228 of the Dutch Civil Code. Artikel 11. Capital reduction. 11.1 The General Meeting may  but only at the proposal of the Board  resolve to reduce the Company's issued capital: by cancellation of Shares; or by reducing the nominal value of Shares by amendment of the Articles of Association. The Shares in respect of which such resolution is passed must be designated therein and provisions for the implementation of such resolution must be made therein. 11.2 A resolution to cancel Shares can only relate to: Shares held by the Company itself or of which it holds the depositary receipts; This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Spear Investments I BV published this content on 16 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 16 February 2023 15:18:07 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about SPEAR INVESTMENTS I B.V. 10:19a Spear Investments I B : Amendment AoA (English) PU 02/03 Spear Investments I B : EGM | Voting results 13 January 2023 PU 01/31 Spear Investments I B : Press Release - Board Non-exercise of Non-Extension Right PU 01/17 Spear Investments I B : Press Release Extension | 17 January 2023 PU 01/13 Spear Investments I B : Press Release. Results of Extension EGM. 13 Jan 2023 PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Press Release 28 DEC 2022 PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Press Release 23 December 2022 PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Amendment AoA (english) PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Shareholders circular extension PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Proxy extensión EGM PU,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['SPEAR Investments I B', 'Amendment AoA', 'Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V.', 'STJ SPEAR Investments I LLP', 'SPEAR Investments I B', 'Capital SPEAR Investments I', 'Initial Business Combination Deadline', 'Dutch Securities Giro Act', 'Settlements B.V.', 'private limited liability company', 'SPEAR Investments Escrow', 'STJ Advisors Sponsor', 'limited liability partnership', 'multiple email addresses', 'Statutory Giro System', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'Dutch Commercial Register', 'voting preference Share', 'AZ Capital Sponsor', 'Dutch Representative', 'Commercial Registry', 'Dutch law', 'voting rights', 'Escrow Account', 'Amendment AoA', 'following terms', 'following meanings', 'official seat', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'central depositary', 'External Auditor', 'fifteen (15) months', 'fifteen November', 'besloten vennootschap', 'Record Date', 'other means', 'electronic communication', 'particular class', 'relevant class', 'Ordinary Share', 'Special Share', 'convertible Share', 'Escrow Foundation', 'ownership rights', 'Capital Share', 'other persons', 'Executive Director', '1043 AP Amsterdam', 'General Meeting', 'Intertrust Escrow', 'First name', 'registration number', 'distinct body', 'Meeting Rights', 'Management Board', 'relevant message', 'Euroclear Netherlands', 'same meaning', 'office address', 'Warrant holders', '1 rights', 'meetings', 'commas', 'fields', 'ASSOCIATION', 'CHAPTER', 'DEFINITIONS', 'CONSTRUCTION', 'Artikel', 'Articles', 'laws', 'Spain', 'Madrid', 'volume', 'sheet', 'page', 'member', 'municipality', 'Basisweg 10', 'Shareholders', 'shares', 'representatives', 'accordance', 'Non-ExecutiveDirector', 'contrary', 'one', 'regard', 'England', 'Wales', 'writing', 'letter', 'telecopier', 'document', 'References', 'case', 'context', 'words', 'expressions', 'provisions', 'time']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18587,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-301749166.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ),"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Ni…","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 2 p.m.)The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2023 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must- be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  21 March 2023; and· give notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy""no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  21 March 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:· by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. · on the company website www.essity.com · by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or· by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comName  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization document should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  23 March 2023. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Electronic submission must be made no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of two persons to check the minutes.4. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management have been complied with.7. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2022.8. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors.9. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors.10. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor.11. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Ewa Björlingb. Pär Bomanc. Annemarie Gardshold. Magnus Grothe. Torbjörn Lööff. Bert Nordbergg. Barbara Milian ThoralfssonNew election ofh. Maria Carella. Jan Gurander12. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditors and deputy auditors.14. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management.15. Resolution on cash-based incentive program.16. Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Carl Svernlöv as Chairman of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 7.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 7.25 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  31 March 2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  5 April 2023.Proposal for resolution under Item 8–13The Nomination Committee proposes the following:· The number of directors shall be nine with no deputy director.· The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.· The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.· Re-election of the directors Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson and new election of Maria Carell and Jan Gurander. Bjørn Gulden  Louise Svanberg and Lars Rebien Sørensen have declined re-election.Maria Carell  born 1973  has since 2017 been the President and CEO of RG  an esthetics and skincare specialized company based in Dallas  USA. She is a Swedish citizen and has lived in the USA since 2012. Maria Carell has a solid pharmaceutical and med-tech background including previous leading positions in i.a. Exeltis  Meda  Q-MED  Actavis  Novartis and Jensen-Cilag. She has served as a board member in several companies during the last 20 years but today only has a board assignment in RG Holdco. Maria Carell has a M.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics with focus on international business.Jan Gurander  born 1961  was during 2016-2022 deputy CEO in the Volvo Group and was also CFO for the Volvo Group during 2014-2018. He is a Swedish citizen. Jan Gurander has experience from leading positions in listed large international industrial companies and from the financial sector  such as MAN  Volvo Cars  Swedbank Robur  Scania and Investor. Today he has a board assignment in one listed company (Skanska)  where he is also serving as a member in all of the board committees. Jan Gurander has a M.Sc. in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics.· Re-election of Pär Boman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.· Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. It is noted that the Program is exclusively cash-based and does not result in any dilution or other impact on the rights of the shares.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs  which are described in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report and in the remuneration report approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2023–2025 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.a. The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 380 persons (the ""Participants"").b. The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the ""Cash Remuneration"") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2023–2025 (the ""Measurement Period""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual salary (gross) for 2025  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 per cent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 per cent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 per cent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.c. Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree on satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:i. A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return (""TSR"") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the ""TSR Condition"").[1] The benchmark group shall to 60 per cent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 per cent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene  respectively.[2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 per cent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.ii. A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the ""Sustainability Condition"").[3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 per cent compared to the base year 2016 (the ""Sustainability Target""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made.iii. The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 per cent and the Sustainability Condition 20 per cent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.d. Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period and shall in general not qualify for the basis for pension computation.e. Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed withing the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.f. Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2026 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.g. If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.h. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.i. Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2023–2025. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  including approximately 380 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 260 million assuming 100 per cent satisfaction of all of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. The cost of the Program amounts to a maximum of 1.7 per cent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2023 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Previous incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described more in detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2022  which is included in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 and available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares mainly as follows.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorisation may be utilised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. A maximum of so many class B shares may be acquired that Essity's holding at each time amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsTransfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses or as to finance acquisition of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorisation may be utilized on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. Transfer upon acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm to finance acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the authorisation to acquire shares in the company is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with the potential company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. The purpose of the authorisation to transfer own shares is to give the Board of Directors increased flexibility when financing company acquisitions. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create alternative forms of payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolution under Item 16 requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolution.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Anders Oscarsson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Ola Peter Krohn Gjessing  Norges Bank Investment Management  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Pär Boman  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 61 158 914 are class A shares and 641 183 575 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 252 772 715 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. No shares are held by Essity. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Wednesday  8 March 2023. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the General Meeting.The Board of Directors and the president shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2023Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2022 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2025  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Ecolab and Diversey. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The calculation of greenhouse gas emissions shall be based on the target adopted by the company according to Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual and Sustainability report 2022  and www.essity.com/sustainability/why-we-do-it/science-based-targets/.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  per.lorentz@essity.comJohan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  johan.ir.karlsson@essity.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3716383/1855944.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ)SOURCE Essity",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.18,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'entire advance vote', 'voting rights registration', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'telephone number', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'special form', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'written proxy', 'Proxy forms', 'B. Notice', 'company website', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'section', 'participation', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', '8 a', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'address', 'notification', 'dated', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'verification', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'conditions', '3', '2']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,prnewswire.co.uk
18588,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-301749166.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ),"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Ni…","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 2 p.m.)The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2023 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must- be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  21 March 2023; and· give notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy""no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  21 March 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:· by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. · on the company website www.essity.com · by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or· by email to [email protected]Name  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization document should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  23 March 2023. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to [email protected]. Electronic submission must be made no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of two persons to check the minutes.4. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management have been complied with.7. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2022.8. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors.9. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors.10. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor.11. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Ewa Björlingb. Pär Bomanc. Annemarie Gardshold. Magnus Grothe. Torbjörn Lööff. Bert Nordbergg. Barbara Milian ThoralfssonNew election ofh. Maria Carella. Jan Gurander12. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditors and deputy auditors.14. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management.15. Resolution on cash-based incentive program.16. Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Carl Svernlöv as Chairman of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 7.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 7.25 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  31 March 2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  5 April 2023.Proposal for resolution under Item 8–13The Nomination Committee proposes the following:· The number of directors shall be nine with no deputy director.· The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.· The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.· Re-election of the directors Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson and new election of Maria Carell and Jan Gurander. Bjørn Gulden  Louise Svanberg and Lars Rebien Sørensen have declined re-election.Maria Carell  born 1973  has since 2017 been the President and CEO of RG  an esthetics and skincare specialized company based in Dallas  USA. She is a Swedish citizen and has lived in the USA since 2012. Maria Carell has a solid pharmaceutical and med-tech background including previous leading positions in i.a. Exeltis  Meda  Q-MED  Actavis  Novartis and Jensen-Cilag. She has served as a board member in several companies during the last 20 years but today only has a board assignment in RG Holdco. Maria Carell has a M.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics with focus on international business.Jan Gurander  born 1961  was during 2016-2022 deputy CEO in the Volvo Group and was also CFO for the Volvo Group during 2014-2018. He is a Swedish citizen. Jan Gurander has experience from leading positions in listed large international industrial companies and from the financial sector  such as MAN  Volvo Cars  Swedbank Robur  Scania and Investor. Today he has a board assignment in one listed company (Skanska)  where he is also serving as a member in all of the board committees. Jan Gurander has a M.Sc. in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics.· Re-election of Pär Boman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.· Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. It is noted that the Program is exclusively cash-based and does not result in any dilution or other impact on the rights of the shares.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs  which are described in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report and in the remuneration report approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2023–2025 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.a. The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 380 persons (the ""Participants"").b. The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the ""Cash Remuneration"") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2023–2025 (the ""Measurement Period""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual salary (gross) for 2025  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 per cent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 per cent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 per cent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.c. Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree on satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:i. A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return (""TSR"") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the ""TSR Condition"").[1] The benchmark group shall to 60 per cent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 per cent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene  respectively.[2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 per cent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.ii. A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the ""Sustainability Condition"").[3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 per cent compared to the base year 2016 (the ""Sustainability Target""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made.iii. The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 per cent and the Sustainability Condition 20 per cent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.d. Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period and shall in general not qualify for the basis for pension computation.e. Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed withing the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.f. Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2026 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.g. If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.h. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.i. Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2023–2025. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  including approximately 380 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 260 million assuming 100 per cent satisfaction of all of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. The cost of the Program amounts to a maximum of 1.7 per cent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2023 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Previous incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described more in detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2022  which is included in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 and available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares mainly as follows.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorisation may be utilised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. A maximum of so many class B shares may be acquired that Essity's holding at each time amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsTransfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses or as to finance acquisition of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorisation may be utilized on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. Transfer upon acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm to finance acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the authorisation to acquire shares in the company is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with the potential company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. The purpose of the authorisation to transfer own shares is to give the Board of Directors increased flexibility when financing company acquisitions. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create alternative forms of payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolution under Item 16 requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolution.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Anders Oscarsson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Ola Peter Krohn Gjessing  Norges Bank Investment Management  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Pär Boman  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 61 158 914 are class A shares and 641 183 575 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 252 772 715 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. No shares are held by Essity. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Wednesday  8 March 2023. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the General Meeting.The Board of Directors and the president shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2023Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2022 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2025  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Ecolab and Diversey. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The calculation of greenhouse gas emissions shall be based on the target adopted by the company according to Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual and Sustainability report 2022  and www.essity.com/sustainability/why-we-do-it/science-based-targets/.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  [email protected]Johan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3716383/1855944.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ)SOURCE Essity",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.18,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'entire advance vote', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'anmalan.vpc', 'telephone number', 'special form', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'written proxy', 'Proxy forms', 'B. Notice', 'company website', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'section', 'participation', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', '8 a', 'mail', 'address', 'notification', 'dated', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'verification', 'euroclearproxy', 'conditions', '3', '2']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,prnewswire.com
18589,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOHO-PARTNERS-OYJ-15022453/news/NOHO-PARTNERS-PLC-S-FINANCIAL-STATEMENTS-RELEASE-1-JANUARY-ndash-31-DECEMBER-2022-Record-year-ndas-43001110/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,NOHO PARTNERS PLC'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 1 JANUARY–31 DECEMBER 2022: Record year – the company returns to paying strong dividend,(marketscreener.com) NoHo Partners Plc FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 16 February 2023 at 8.00 EET NOHO PARTNERS PLC’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 1 JANUARY–31 DECEMBER 2022: Record year – the company returns to paying strong dividend OCTOBER–DECEMBER 2022 IN …,NOHO PARTNERS PLC'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 1 JANUARY–31 DECEMBER 2022: Record year – the company returns to paying strong dividend 02/16/2023 | 01:03am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NoHo Partners Plc FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 16 February 2023 at 8.00 EET NOHO PARTNERS PLC’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 1 JANUARY–31 DECEMBER 2022: Record year – the company returns to paying strong dividend OCTOBER–DECEMBER 2022 IN BRIEF Turnover increased by 26.7% and was MEUR 88.1 (69.5).EBIT increased by 26.3% and was MEUR 8.5 (6.7).EBIT margin was 9.6% (9.6%)The result for the period decreased by 78.3% and was MEUR 0.7 (3.3). The result adjusted by a fair value impairment of MEUR 2.9 due to the market value of Eezy Plc shares  classified as assets held for sale  was MEUR 3.6.Earnings per share decreased by 108.0% and were EUR -0.01 (0.08). Earnings per share adjusted by entries related to Eezy Plc shares was EUR 0.14.Operational EBITDA increased by 17.3% to MEUR 11.5 (9.8). JANUARY–DECEMBER 2022 IN BRIEF Turnover increased by 68.1% and was MEUR 312.8 (186.1).EBIT increased by 3621.5% and was MEUR 31.6 (-0.9).EBIT margin was 10.1% (-0.5%)The result for the period increased by 147.3% and was MEUR 4.9 (-10.3). The result adjusted by a fair value impairment of MEUR 10.4 due to the market value of Eezy Plc shares  classified as assets held for sale  was MEUR 15.2.Earnings per share increased by 113.2% and were EUR 0.07 (-0.55). Earnings per share adjusted by entries related to Eezy Plc shares was EUR 0.56.Operational EBITDA increased by 268.1% to MEUR 41.6 (11.3). Unless otherwise stated  figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period last year. KEY FIGURES MEUR Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change  % Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Change  % Turnover 88.1 69.5 26.7 312.8 186.1 68.1 Operational EBITDA 11.5 9.8 17.3 41.6 11.3 268.1 EBIT 8.5 6.7 26.3 31.6 -0.9 3 621.5 EBIT  % 9.6 9.6 10.1 -0.5 Result of the financial period 0.7 3.3 -78.3 4.9 -10.3 147.3 Earnings per share for the review period attributable to the owners of the company  EUR -0.01 0.08 -108.0 0.07 -0.55 113.2 Earnings per share adjusted by entries related to Eezy Plc shares 0.14 0.56 Interest-bearing net liabilities excluding IFRS 16 impact 121.0 151.9 -20.4 Gearing ratio excluding IFRS 16 impact  % 135.1 203.1 Adjusted equity ratio  % 29.1 24.0 Material margin  % 76.5 75.9 75.3 74.4 Personnel expenses  % 32.9 35.5 33.2 36.0 FUTURE OUTLOOK PROFIT GUIDANCE AS OF 16 FEBRUARY 2023 NoHo Partners estimates that  during the financial year 2023  it will achieve total turnover of over MEUR 350 and EBIT margin of approximately 9% in the restaurant business. FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR THE STRATEGY PERIOD 2022-2024 The company revises its long-term guidance as follows: The Group aims to achieve turnover of approximately MEUR 400 and an EBIT margin of approximately 10% during 2024. In the long-term  the company aims to keep the ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA  adjusted for IFRS 16 lease liability  under 3 and distribute annually increasing dividend. The previous long-term guidance was: The Group aims to achieve turnover of approximately MEUR 400 and an EBIT margin of approximately 10% during 2024. The company aims for the ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA  adjusted for IFRS 16 lease liability  to be under 3 and for dividends to be paid during the strategy period 2022–2024. MARKET ENVIRONMENT The business outlook for the tourism and restaurant sector has improved from recent years to a pre-pandemic level  but the outlook and consumer confidence continue to be weakened by the uncertain geopolitical climate  consumers’ reduced purchasing power and the general rise in costs. The company continues to take active measures to prepare for potentially rapid changes in the market situation by actively monitoring operational efficiency and pricing  using centralised procurement agreements and engaging in regular dialogue with suppliers and other partners. Customer demand is estimated to continue at a good level during 2023. In a normal operating environment in the restaurant business  most of the profits are made during the second half of the year due to the seasonal nature of the business. The demand for restaurant services is usually less susceptible to cyclical fluctuations compared to other service and retail industries. The company’s size and large portfolio protect it from the strongest fluctuations. DIVIDEND NoHo Partners Plc’s distributable assets on 31 December 2022 were EUR 111 470 394.44  of which the share of the financial period’s result is EUR 2 872 271.54. NoHo Partners Plc’s Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting convening on 19 April 2023 that  based on the adopted balance sheet of the financial period ending on 31 December 2022  a dividend of EUR 0.40 (0.00) per share will be paid at the time of dividend payment on shares owned by external shareholders. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid in two (2) instalments  such that the first instalment of EUR 0.20 per share is paid on 24 May 2023 to shareholders who have been recorded in the company’s shareholder list maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by the record date of 11 May 2023. The second instalment of EUR 0.20 per share is paid on 20 October 2023 to shareholders who have been recorded in the company’s shareholder list maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by the record date of 13 October 2023. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorised to decide  if necessary  a new dividend payment record date and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend payment  if the rules or regulations of the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise require it. At the time of the financial statements on 31 December 2022  there were 20 699 801 externally owned shares. CEO AKU VIKSTRÖM The year 2022 was the best in NoHo Partners’ history when it comes to EBIT. After two challenging pandemic years  we were able to return to the targeted pace of the 2024 strategy and  for the first time  reach an EBIT margin exceeding 10%  the full year EBIT being MEUR 31.6 and EBIT margin 10.1%. The result for the financial period was negatively impacted by a fair value impairment of MEUR 10.4 due to the reduction of Eezy Plc’s market value  recognized as finance costs. Profitability has clearly levelled up as a consequence of structural changes the company has made during the past two years. Our restaurant portfolio is now versatile and profitable  and the related investments are at a healthy level. Another factor that has significantly impacted profitability is the operational excellence that our restaurant managers execute every day in their work. The structural changes together with lower fixed costs and depreciation level ensure a good basis to maintain and increase profitability also in the future. With a normalised working capital situation and a strong cash flow  we have  in the financial year  been able to repay MEUR 26 worth of loans taken during the pandemic. Therefore  the target level has also been reached when it comes to the ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA  net debt at the end of the year being MEUR 121 and under 3x annual operational EBITDA. Good performance and stronger financial position enable investments in growth as well as paying dividend to shareholders. The dividend proposal by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting is EUR 0.40 per share  which is proposed to be paid in two instalments. The restaurant market has developed positively during the year 2022. New consumers are continuously coming into the market from among the young people as well as the age groups that are going into retirement. The share of consumers eating out as well as the average number of meals enjoyed continued to increase clearly (research on restaurant culture trends 2022). Based on the end of 2022 and the beginning of 2023  the development of the restaurant culture has been positive despite the pressure on the purchasing power. Turnover in January 2023 exceeded our estimates and increased by 23% compared to the corresponding pre-pandemic period in 2020. Restaurant demand has remained at a good level  especially on the weekends. When it comes to raw materials  we have successfully tackled inflation with timely actions. Material margin has increased from 74.3% to 75.3% compared to 2019. We continue progressing in the profitable growth strategy. We give guidance on over MEUR 350 in turnover and approximately 9% in EBIT margin in 2023. In addition  our target is to keep our ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA under three and return to paying increasing dividend. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE STRATEGYThe Group aims to achieve turnover of approximately MEUR 400 and an EBIT margin of approximately 10% during 2024. In the long-term  the company aims to keep the ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA  adjusted for IFRS 16 lease liability  under 3 and distribute annually increasing dividend. NoHo Partners’ growth strategy focuses on the following three key areas: Profitable growth in the Norwegian restaurant market through acquisitions (50 million growth target)Scaling up the Friends & Brgrs chain in Finland (30 million growth target)Large and profitable urban projects (30 million growth target) During 2022  the company continued developing its restaurant portfolio and implementing its growth strategy through acquisitions in Finland and Norway. In Norway  as normal conditions recovered after the pandemic years  the company had to focus on managing the performance of the portfolio  causing delay in progressing the growth strategy. The company continued scaling up the fast food business with restaurants in the Friends & Brgrs and Hook chains. During the reporting period  a total of 8 new restaurants were opened and during 2023  the intention is to further accelerate this scaling up. The MEUR 30 strategic target for large urban projects was reached as the strategic partnership agreement with Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre was signed in early 2023. As one of the largest restaurant complexes in Finland  with its versatility Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre compares with Nokia Arena in Tampere  Finland  and the Kulttuurikasarmi cultural centre with its four restaurants  which is planned in central Helsinki at the end of 2023. TURNOVER AND INCOME In October–December 2022  the Group’s turnover increased by 26.7% to MEUR 88.1 (69.5). Compared to the corresponding period in 2019 prior to the Covid-19 pandemic  the increase was of 17.2%. Operational EBITDA increased 17.3% to MEUR 11.5 (9.8). EBIT was MEUR 8.5 (6.7) with an EBIT margin of 9.6% (9.6). The result for October–December was MEUR 0.7 (3.3)  which was negatively affected by a fair value impairment of MEUR 2.9 recognised in financial items due to the market value of Eezy Plc shares  classified as held for sale  falling below the book value. In January–December 2022  the Group’s turnover increased by 68.1% to MEUR 312.8 (186.1). Despite the restricted business environment due to the Covid-19 pandemic in the first months of 2022  turnover increased by 14.6%  compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Operational EBITDA increased by 268.1% compared to the corresponding period in the previous year and was MEUR 41.6 (11.3). EBIT was MEUR 31.6 (-0.9) with an EBIT margin of 10.1 (-0.5). The result for the review period was MEUR 4.9 (-10.3)  which was negatively affected by a fair value impairment of MEUR 10.4 recognised in financial items due to the market value of Eezy Plc shares  classified as held for sale  falling below the book value. The company was able to balance the effects of inflation on its business through centralised purchasing agreements and price increases  and the general rise in prices did not significantly affect the material margin. In spite of the labour shortages in the industry  the company also performed well in recruitment and resource allocation  and the growth in turnover as well as operational efficiency has kept personnel expenses at a competitive level. BUSINESS SEGMENTS As of 1 January 2022  NoHo Partners' business consists of two business segments  which are reported separately: Finnish operationsInternational business The business segments are further divided into business areas for which turnover is reported. The Finnish operations include three business areas: restaurants  entertainment venues and fast food restaurants. The international business includes two business areas: Norway and Denmark. FINNISH OPERATIONS MEUR Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Turnover 71.4 56.2 251.2 158.1 Operational EBITDA 10.6 7.1 34.8 9.3 EBIT 8.4 5.2 28.3 1.0 EBIT  % 11.8 9.2 11.3 0.6 Material margin  % 76.9 76.9 75.3 74.6 Personnel expenses  % 32.5 35.0 32.8 34.7 In October–December 2022  the turnover of Finnish operations increased by 26.9% to MEUR 71.4 (56.2) compared to the previous year and by 18.9% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Operational EBITDA was MEUR 10.6 (7.1). EBIT in October–December was MEUR 8.4 (5.2) with an 11.8% (9.2) EBIT margin. In January–December 2022  the turnover of Finnish operations increased by 59.0% to MEUR 251.2 (158.1) compared to the previous year. Compared to the corresponding period in 2019 turnover increased by 9.5%. In Finland  Covid-19 pandemic-related restrictions were lifted in March 2022. Operational EBITDA was MEUR 34.8 (9.3). EBIT was MEUR 28.3 (1.0) with a 11.3% (0.6) EBIT margin. INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MEUR Q42022 Q42021 Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Turnover 16.7 13.3 61.6 28.0 Operational EBITDA 0.9 2.7 6.8 2.0 EBIT 0.1 1.5 3.4 -1.9 EBIT  % 0.7 11.5 5.5 -6.6 Material margin  % 74.7 72.0 75.3 73.4 Personnel expenses  % 34.4 37.7 35.1 43.7 In October–December 2022  turnover in the international business increased by 25.8% from the previous year to MEUR 16.7 (13.3) and by 10.6% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Operational EBITDA was MEUR 0.9 (2.7). EBIT was MEUR 0.1 (1.5) with a 0.7% (11.5) EBIT margin  which includes MEUR 0.8 costs related to the closure and write-off of three unprofitable units in Norway. EBIT for the comparable period was improved by Covid-19 pandemic-related government grants that were confirmed in the last quarter of 2021. In January–December 2022  turnover in the international business increased by 119.8% from the previous year to MEUR 61.6 (28.0) and by 42.0% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. In Norway and Denmark  the restrictions related to the Covid-19 pandemic were lifted in February 2022. Operational EBITDA was MEUR 6.8 (2.0). EBIT was MEUR 3.4 EBIT (-1.9) with a 5.5% (-6.6) EBIT margin. TURNOVER BY BUSINESS AREA In accordance with the reorganisation measures announced on 9 June 2022  the company now uses the term “fast food business” for the business that was previously referred to as the “fast casual” business. The allocation of units to the business area has been adjusted in accordance with the new structure  and this has also been taken into account in the comparison figures. FINNISH OPERATIONS Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Restaurants Turnover  MEUR 33.4 27.2 112.2 72.7 Share of total turnover  % 38.0 39.1 35.9 39.1 Change in turnover  % 22.8 - 54.4 - Units at the end of period  number 93 96 93 96 Entertainment venues Turnover  MEUR 26.4 19.6 97.2 50.6 Share of total turnover  % 29.9 28.2 31.1 27.2 Change in turnover  % 34.5 - 91.9 - Units at the end of period  number 71 72 71 72 Fast food -restaurants Turnover  MEUR 11.6 9.4 41.9 34.8 Share of total turnover  % 13.1 13.6 13.4 18.7 Change in turnover  % 22.8 - 20.6 - Units at the end of period  number 52 45 52 45 Total  MEUR 71.4 56.2 251.2 158.1INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Norway Turnover  MEUR 10.7 8.8 39.7 16.8 Share of total turnover  % 12.2 12.6 12.7 9.0 Change in turnover  % 22.1 - 136.1 - Units at the end of period  number 21 21 21 21 Denmark Turnover  MEUR 6.0 4.5 21.9 11.2 Share of total turnover  % 6.8 6.5 7.0 6.0 Change in turnover  % 33.0 - 95.3 - Units at the end of period  number 19 19 19 19 Total  MEUR 16.7 13.3 61.6 28.0 CASH FLOW  INVESTMENTS AND FINANCING The Group’s operating net cash flow in January–December was MEUR 70.5 (45.0). Cash flow before change in working capital was MEUR 80.3 and changes in working capital MEUR 4.3. Both receivables and payables included in the working capital have increased along with turnover  but the total change in working capital during the review period is not material. The investment net cash flow in January–December was MEUR -16.4 (-4.7) The investments in January-December in Finland included  for example  the opening of six new Friends & Brgrs restaurants and Café Savoy  the acquisition of the restaurant Sea Horse and the business acquisition of restaurant Origo and Fat Lizard. In Norway the Group acquired businesses of Postkontoret and Laboratoriet Skøyen. The investment net cash flow includes also MEUR 4.2 of positive cash flow from the sale of Eezy Plc’s shares  which were classified as held for sale. Financial net cash flow amounted to MEUR -55.4 (-37.1)  including MEUR 21.5 in amortisation of financial institution loans. Financial cash flow also includes the repayment of a loan of MEUR 1.8 related to the Tesi arrangement. The Group’s interest-bearing net liabilities excluding the impact of IFRS 16 liabilities decreased during January–December by MEUR 30.9 and amounted to MEUR 121.0 at the end of the review period. The decrease was attributable to the strong profit performance and the Tesi convertible loan arrangement carried out in May  which reduced net debt by over MEUR 10. The Group’s gearing ratio excluding the impact of IFRS 16 liabilities decreased from 203.1% at the beginning of the financial period to 135.1%. Adjusted net finance costs in January–December were MEUR 23.2 (12.5)  which included expense of MEUR 10.4 due to decrease of the market value of Eezy Plc shares classified as assets held for sale. IFRS 16 interest expenses in January-December were MEUR 7.4 (5.9). EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD NoHo Partners selected as the main supplier for restaurant services by Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre On 18 January 2023  NoHo Partners announced that company NoHo Partners has been selected as the main supplier for restaurant services by Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre (brand name Messukeskus) as of 1 July 2023. Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre is the largest venue for exhibitions  meetings and congresses in Finland  hosting national and international events for about a million visitors annually. The annual revenue from the restaurant services at the convention centre is approximately EUR 15 million. In January 2023  Group turnover increased to approximately MEUR 22.7 NoHo Partners’ turnover in January 2023 was approximately MEUR 22.7 (6.8) and increased by 236% compared to the same period in the previous year. In January 2022  the Group operated in a strictly restricted or closed business environment in all of its operating countries due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Turnover increased by 23% compared to the corresponding pre-pandemic period in 2020. As of 16 February 2023  NoHo Partners will publish in the interim reports the Group turnover for the first month of the commencing quarter. The target is to provide better service to investors through timely and transparent investor communications. FINANCIAL REPORTING AND ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 NoHo Partners Plc publishes financial reports for 2023 as follows: Interim report for January-March on Tuesday 9 May 2023Half-year report for January-June on Tuesday 8 August 2023Interim report for January-September on Tuesday 7 November 2023 NoHo Partners Plc's Annual General Meeting is planned to be held on 19 April 2023. BRIEFING FOR THE MEDIA  ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS AT 10:00 A.M. A briefing for the media  analysts and investors will be organised today  16 February 2023. In the briefing  NoHo Partners CEO Aku Vikström will review NoHo Partners Plc's financial performance  key events  the current state of business and the outlook. The briefing is available as a live webcast. The briefing will be held in Finnish. The presentation materials and a recording of the briefing will be available on the company’s website later today. NoHo Partners’ full Financial Statements Release for January–December 2022 is attached to this release and available at www.noho.fi/en. Tampere  16 February 2023 NOHO PARTNERS PLCBoard of Directors For more information  please contact: Aku Vikström  CEO  tel. +358 44 235 7817Jarno Suominen  Deputy CEO  tel. +358 40 721 5655Jarno Vilponen  CFO  tel. +358 40 721 9376 NoHo Partners PlcHatanpään valtatie 1 BFI-33100 Tampere  Finland NoHo Partners Plc is a Finnish group established in 1996  specialising in restaurant services. The company  which was listed on Nasdaq Helsinki in 2013 and became the first Finnish listed restaurant company  has continued to grow strongly throughout its history. The Group companies include some 250 restaurants in Finland  Denmark and Norway. The well-known restaurant concepts of the company include Elite  Savoy  Teatteri  Sea Horse  Stefan’s Steakhouse  Palace  Löyly  Hanko Sushi  Friends & Brgrs  Campingen and Cock’s & Cows. Depending on the season  the Group employs approximately 2 300 people converted into full-time employees. The Group aims to achieve turnover of EUR 400 million by the end of 2024. The company’s vision is to be the leading restaurant company in Northern Europe. Attachment 20230216_EN_Q1-Q4 2022_vA9itr2mEGAll news about NOHO PARTNERS OYJ 02/03 NoHo Partners Plc's Q1-Q4 2022 Financial Statements Release briefing on 16 February 202.. GL 02/03 NoHo Partners Plc's Q1-Q4 2022 Financial Statements Release briefing on 16 February 202.. AQ 01/18 Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre chose NoHo Partners as its new strategic partner to.. AQ 01/18 NoHo Partners selected as the main supplier for restaurant services by Helsinki Expo an.. GL 01/18 NoHo Partners selected as the main supplier for restaurant services by Helsinki Expo an.. AQ 01/18 Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre Selects Noho Partners as Main Supplier for Restaura.. CI 01/12 Noho Partners Plc : Managers' transactions (Wawe Capital Oy) GL 01/12 Noho Partners Plc : Managers' transactions (Wawe Capital Oy) AQ 2022 The Board of Directors of NoHo Partners Plc has resolved on the fourth earning period o.. GL 2022 The Board of Directors of NoHo Partners Plc has resolved on the fourth earning period o.. AQ,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['NOHO PARTNERS PLC', 'FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'Record year', 'strong dividend', '1 JANUARY', 'DECEMBER', 'company', 'NoHo Partners Plc FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', '8.00 EET NOHO PARTNERS PLC', '36.0 FUTURE OUTLOOK PROFIT GUIDANCE', 'DIVIDEND NoHo Partners Plc', 'strong dividend OCTOBER–DECEMBER', 'Eezy Plc shares', 'multiple email addresses', 'uncertain geopolitical climate', 'centralised procurement agreements', 'fair value impairment', 'normal operating environment', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Interest-bearing net liabilities', 'IFRS 16 lease liability', 'previous long-term guidance', 'other partners', 'increasing dividend', 'business outlook', 'market value', 'MARKET ENVIRONMENT', 'general rise', 'FINANCIAL TARGETS', 'net debt', 'financial period', 'financial year', 'Operational EBITDA', 'Material margin', 'Personnel expenses', 'restaurant sector', 'recent years', 'pre-pandemic level', 'consumer confidence', 'purchasing power', 'active measures', 'rapid changes', 'market situation', 'operational efficiency', 'regular dialogue', 'good level', 'second half', 'seasonal nature', 'restaurant services', 'cyclical fluctuations', 'other service', 'retail industries', 'large portfolio', 'strongest fluctuations', 'balance sheet', 'external shareholders', 'two (2) instalment', 'corresponding period', 'review period', 'STRATEGY PERIOD', 'Record year', 'restaurant business', 'EBIT margin', 'First name', 'BRIEF Turnover', 'Gearing ratio', 'equity ratio', 'total turnover', 'Customer demand', 'distributable assets', 'JANUARY–DECEMBER', 'The Group', 'The Board', 'FIGURES MEUR', '31 December', '1 JANUARY', 'company', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'February', 'result', 'sale', 'Earnings', 'entries', 'parentheses', 'owners', 'impact', 'dividends', 'tourism', 'costs', 'pricing', 'suppliers', 'profits', 'size', 'Directors', '19 April', 'time', 'payment', '4.0', '2024']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18590,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAALERI-OYJ-13057205/news/Taaleri-Oyj-Financial-Statements-Bulletin-Q4-2022-43001131/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Taaleri Oyj : Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022,(marketscreener.com)    A good last quarter for Taaleri supported by EUR 12.4 million in performance fees  but investment operations weighed on income and operating profit      October-December 2022    Continuing earnings grew by 2.1% to EUR 11.7…,Taaleri Oyj : Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 02/16/2023 | 01:09am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields A good last quarter for Taaleri supported by EUR 12.4 million in performance fees  but investment operations weighed on income and operating profit October-December 2022 Continuing earnings grew by 2.1% to EUR 11.7 (11.4) million. The Private Asset Management segment's continuing earnings grew by 3.9% to EUR 5.7 (5.4) million and the Strategic Investments segment's continuing earnings by 2.4% to EUR 5.7 (5.5) million.Performance fees were EUR 12.4 (10.6) million  and net income from investment operations was EUR -6.7 (7.4) million.-6.7 (7.4) million. Income decreased to EUR 17.3 (29.4) million as a result of negative net income from investment operations.Operating profit was EUR 7.1 (14.7) million  corresponding to 41.0% of income.The assets under management in the Private Asset Management segment grew by 12.9% to EUR 2.5 (31 December 2021: 2.2) billion.Earnings per share were EUR 0.25 (0.42). January-December 2022 Continuing earnings grew by 0.8% to EUR 41.0 (40.7) million. The Private Asset Management segment's continuing earnings grew by 2.8% to EUR 20.7 (20.1) million  and the Strategic Investments segment's continuing earnings grew by 2.2% to EUR 18.0 (17.6) million.Performance fees were EUR 19.4 (11.4) million  and net income from investment operations was EUR 2.8 (17.6) million.Income decreased by 9.3% and was EUR 63.2 (69.7) million.Operating profit was EUR 27.3 (30.8) million  corresponding to 43.2% of income.Earnings per share were EUR 0.73 (4.81).The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share for 2022. This Financial Statements Bulletin has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34. The Financial Statements Bulletin is based on the audited Financial Statements of 2022. The auditor's report has been issued on 16 February 2023. Unless otherwise stated  the figures in parentheses in the Financial Statements Bulletin refer to the corresponding period of the previous year. See page 23 for further information of the accounting policies of this Financial Statements Bulletin. Group key figures 10-12/202210-12/2021 Change  % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change  % Earnings key figures 11.7 11.4 2.1 41.0 40.7 0.8 Continuing earnings  MEUR Income  MEUR 17.3 29.4 -41.2 63.2 69.7 -9.3 Operating profit  MEUR 7.1 14.7 -51.7 27.3 30.8 -11.3 Operating profit  % 41.0 49.9 43.2 44.2 Profit for the period in consolidated income 7.1 12.1 -41.2 21.3 136.1 -84.3 statement  MEUR Return on equity*  % 14.3 21.5 9.9 75.0 Balance sheet key figures Equity ratio  % 67.4 72.1 67.4 72.1 Other key figures Cost/income ratio excluding investment 43.6 68.0 60.9 77.9 operations 60.5 51.0 58.2 58.3 Cost/income ratio Full-time permanent personnel  106 104 1.9 106 104 1.9 at the end of the period Assets under management in Private Asset 2.5 2.2 12.9 2.5 2.2 12.9 Management segment  BEUR 1.9 1.7 9.8 1.9 1.7 9.8 Guaranty insurance portfolio  BEUR * Annualised (Q4 2021: 16.3) (Q4 2021: 29.4) (Q4 2021: 49.9) (31.12.2021: 2.2) Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 2 We can be pleased with the progress of our strategy in 2022. Although the general market conditions have been challenging due to both the war in Ukraine  the rise in inflation and interest rates  and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic  our strategy has worked well also in the current situation. Our private equity funds focusing on sustainability respond to many current challenges  such as mitigating climate change and strengthening self-sufficiency. This also supports new openings  such as expanding our business to energy storage systems. The Group's income for the period was EUR 63.2 million and the operating profit margin was 43%. Both continuing earnings and performance fees increased  but unrealized changes in fair value of EUR -10.1 million in the Strategic Investments segment weighed on the Group's income and operating profit. The decrease in fair values is due to  among other things  the rise in interest rates and changes in risk premiums  which have affected the valuations of Garantia's investment portfolio. During the last quarter of the year  our continuing earnings developed satisfactorily  and performance fees booked grew to more than EUR 12 million. The Group's investment operations weighed on income and operating profit. Operating profit from the Private Asset Management segment grew in the last quarter by 68% to EUR 12.3 million due to  among other things  performance fees. The renewable energy business announced its sixth fund  Taaleri SolarWind III. Its fundraising is ongoing  and the first closing is anticipated in the first half of 2023. The fund will be based on a project development portfolio of 25-35 projects  which already included 20 projects at the end of the financial year. With the new fund  we aim to double the size of Taaleri SolarWind II  which is approximately EUR 350 million. I am particularly proud to say that we are the largest wind power producer in Finland with a market share of 12% (Finnish Wind Power Association's wind power statistics 2022). This reflects both our long history as a developer of domestic wind power and the know-how and capability of our current team. In the real estate business  investment operations proceeded as planned despite the general slowdown in the real estate investment market. The business made one acquisition for Aktia's special mutual fund in our portfolio management. Taaleri Bioindustry I  the first fund of the bioindustry business launched a year ago  made its first two investments. The investees are Colombier  a company producing ecological packaging  and Nordtreat  a company producing bio-based flame retardants. In the last quarter of the year  the ramp-up of Taaleri's associated company Fintoil's tall oil refinery was also successfully completed. In the Strategic Investments segment  Garantia achieved its best ever profitability in its insurance operations in the fourth quarter. The combined ratio was 23.9% in the quarter and 28.4% in the full year. However  Garantia's investment performance was weak due to the historically high interest rate movement. I would like to thank our personnel once more for 2022. Skilled and knowledgeable Taaleri employees are the foundation of our success. One of our most important successes in 2022 was the definition of Taaleri's new values - With know-how  skills and will  Dare to succeed and Support each other - in a process that engaged all Taaleri employees. In addition  we invested in management and the development of supervisory work. I am pleased that the personnel surveys clearly show that wellbeing at work has improved further. In addition  our eNPS score measuring employee loyalty has risen to an excellent 60.8  which is high for the sector. Finally  I would like to thank all our shareholders and welcome the new shareholders to our impactful journey. At the end of the year  the number of shareholders rose to over 10 000  having grown by almost 70% since the 2021 strategy reform. Taaleri wants to be a pioneer in alternative investments focusing on sustainability  and our mission is to use capital and our expertise to build a better future. We believe that together  we will have an even better chance of achieving our goals this year. Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 3 The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share  a total of EUR 19 813 934.00 will be paid for the financial year 2022. The dividend proposal is to distribute EUR 0.45 as a dividend based on the profit for the period of continuing operations  and EUR 0.25 as a dividend based on the sale of the wealth management operations. The parent company's distributable funds were EUR 139 396 913.81  which includes EUR 14 892 445.81 in net profit for the financial year. The dividend is to be paid in one instalment. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the list of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date  which is 17 April 2023. The dividend payment date proposed by the Board of Directors is 24 April 2023. The Board of Directors' report and financial statements for 2022 will be available at www.taaleri.com on 23 March 2023 at the latest. Taaleri does not publish a short-term outlook. However  the company has set itself targets related to growth  profitability and return on invested capital. Taaleri's long-term targets include: Continuing earnings growth at least 15 per centOperating profit at least 25 per cent of incomeReturn on equity at least 15 per cent. The company's goal is to distribute to its shareholders at least 50 per cent of the profit for the financial year as well as the capital that the company does not need for growth investments or to fulfil its targets for solvency. Development of the global economy and of the capital markets is still surrounded by a high degree of uncertainty. The higher prices of energy and consumables caused by the war in Ukraine and by the COVID-19 pandemic have accelerated inflation with extraordinary force. This has prompted central banks to tighten monetary policy considerably  which has increased the likelihood of a recession. Although the operating environment of the capital market has become more challenging  the growth of alternative investments has continued. A possible recession can  however  affect the willingness of some customer groups to invest in long-term  illiquid products. The demand for alternative investments is strengthened by the opportunity they offer to diversify risks and smooth out returns. In addition  more private capital will be needed in the future to achieve the targets for global emission reduction  energy self-sufficiency and circular economy. The EU's Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation is also guiding both investors and financial actors towards sustainable investments. Taaleri has no business or investments in Russia or in Ukraine  and the changed geopolitical situation has not had any direct impact on our business. Europe's desire to break away from Russian energy sources and to increase its self-sufficiency will strengthen the operating environment for renewable energy and bioindustry  in particular. More private capital will be needed in the future to achieve the global emission reduction  energy self-sufficiency and circular economy targets In the renewable energy business  the war in Ukraine  higher interest rates and accelerating inflation have all increased the costs of project development and project construction  while the higher energy prices yield more revenue from wind and solar farms. In October  the Council of Europe adopted a regulation on emergency measures in response to the energy crisis and the exceptional rise in energy prices. The regulation  which includes a cap on market revenues and a solidarity levy  has been applied in different ways in different countries. According to Taaleri's assessment  the impacts of the Finnish model are not significant for Taaleri's business. In the real estate business  the rise in interest rates has caused uncertainty in the market. Transaction activity slowed down significantly in the second half of the year  and there was a clear slowdown in new start-ups in housing construction. The rise in interest rates has caused the yield requirements to rise  and thus the values to fall  especially in the real estate segments of Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 4 the lowest yield claims and in real estate properties. However  occupancy rates remained good in both the housing and commercial premises markets. The long-term fundamentals supporting real estate investments  such as urbanization  are still seen as strong in the Finnish real estate market  and new capital is expected to continue to flow into real estate investments in the near future. The nature of the real estate market is characterized by the cyclical nature of the sector. For long-term investors  the opportunities offered by the current economic situation can offer better returns in relation to the average return over the cycle. Bioindustry is a new  high-growth market that offers impressive and innovative solutions for many of the sustainability problems of our time. The outlook of the bioindustry business remained good. The war in Ukraine may affect the timetables and costs of potential target companies and of the near-future projects of investments  owing to developments such as the poor availability of some raw materials  availability of financing and energy prices. Sustainability  impact and self-sufficiency will continue to be at the heart of the bioindustry operating environment. In the European operating environment of Taaleri's associated company Fintoil's biorefinery in Hamina  the prices of raw materials levelled off at the end of the year and the upward pressure on prices seems to have subsided. The operating environment and market prospects of Garantia Insurance Company Ltd's insurance business were negatively impacted compared to the strong previous year. Uncertainty caused by the war in Ukraine  accelerated inflation and sharply rising market interest rates weakened consumer confidence and dampened the housing market  which at the end of the year began to be reflected in a decrease in the demand for mortgage guarantees. The number of housing transactions and the demand for mortgages may remain lower than during the pandemic years for a longer time. However  the creditworthiness of the company's consumer and corporate customers remained good  and no material changes occurred in the risk position of the guaranty insurance portfolio. The investment market was difficult during the year  the stock market fell globally and  due to a steep rise in market rates of interest and the widening of risk premiums  the changes in the fair values of fixed-income investments were negative. Group  EUR million 10-12/202210-12/2021 Change  % 1-12/20221-12/2021 Change  % Continuing earnings 11.7 11.4 2.1% 41.0 40.7 0.8% Private Asset Management 5.7 5.4 3.9% 20.7 20.1 2.8% Strategic Investments 5.7 5.5 2.4% 18.0 17.6 2.2% Other 0.4 0.5 -23.9% 2.4 3.0 -20.1% Income 17.3 29.4 -41.2% 63.2 69.7 -9.3% Private Asset Management 18.9 16.2 16.3% 42.6 31.0 37.1% Strategic Investments 2.9 9.4 -69.2% 8.1 30.3 -73.4% Other -4.5 3.8 n/a 12.6 8.4 50.4% Operating profit 7.1 14.7 -51.7% 27.3 30.8 -11.3% Private Asset Management 12.3 7.3 67.8% 18.6 7.5 >100.0% Strategic Investments 1.6 7.3 -78.3% 3.2 24.4 -87.0% Other -6.8 -0.0 >-100.0% 5.5 -1.0 n/a The Group's share of the result of associated companies is taken into account in the segment income. In addition  transit items that have no effect on the result for the financial year have been eliminated from segment income. Segment information and the reconciliation statement to the IFRS income statement are presented on pages 33-34. October-December 2022 The Group's continuing earnings grew by 2.1% to EUR 11.7 (11.4) million in the review period. The Private Asset Management segment's continuing earnings grew by 3.9% and the Strategic Investments segment's continuing earnings by 2.4%. A total of EUR 12.4 million in performance fees was recognized  of which EUR 10.3 million was recognized in the renewable energy business. The Group's net income from investment operations was EUR -6.7 (7.4) million  of which EUR -2.8 (3.9) million was generated in the Strategic Investments segment and EUR -4.8 (3.3) million in the Other group. Taaleri recognized in the profit and loss EUR -3.8 million in impairment losses on non-strategic investments and EUR -1.7 million in changes in exchange rates. The Group's operating expenses decreased by 30.6% to EUR 10.2 (14.7) million  of which personnel costs were EUR 3.8 (7.1) million and fee and commission expenses were EUR 3.0 (4.0) million. Personnel expenses in the comparison period include EUR 1.8 million in severance payments to the previous CEO. A total of EUR 1.2 million in fee and commission expenses was recognized for performance fees in the review period. Other operating expenses decreased by 4.7% from the comparison period. The Group's operating profit excluding net income from investment operations was EUR 13.8 (7.3) million  Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 5 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Taaleri Oyj published this content on 16 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 16 February 2023 06:08:09 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TAALERI OYJ 01:09a Taaleri Oyj : Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 PU 01:09a Taaleri Oyj : Financial Statements Bulletin presentation Q4 2022 PU 01:01a Taaleri Plc Financial Statements Bul : A good last quarter for Taaleri supported by EUR 12.. AQ 02/13 The proposal of Taaleri's Shareholders' Nomination Board for the composition and remune.. AQ 02/13 Taaleri Oyj Announces Composition of Shareholders Nomination Board CI 02/08 Finland's largest wind power producer Taaleri expands its business to energy storage sy.. AQ 02/08 Taaleri Oyj Expands Its Business to Energy Storage Systems CI 02/03 Taaleri will publish its Financial Statements Bulletin for 2022 on Thursday  16 Februar.. AQ 2022 Taaleri Oyj : Real Estate Sustainability Principles 2022 PU 2022 Taaleri Plc – Managers' transactions – Eukarya Oy AQ,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.09,0.48,True,English,"['Financial Statements Bulletin', 'Taaleri Oyj', 'Balance sheet key figures Equity ratio', 'Other key figures Cost/income ratio', 'The Private Asset Management segment', 'The Financial Statements Bulletin', 'private equity funds', 'Group key figures', 'Earnings key figures', 'Strategic Investments segment', 'multiple email addresses', 'Full-time permanent personnel', 'general market conditions', 'energy storage systems', 'Guaranty insurance portfolio', 'project development portfolio', 'many current challenges', 'Taaleri SolarWind III', 'renewable energy business', 'good last quarter', 'operating profit margin', 'negative net income', '12.9 Management segment', 'The Board', 'The Group', 'other things', 'financial year', 'investment portfolio', 'current situation', 'Taaleri Oyj', 'performance fees', 'accounting policies', 'interest rates', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'new openings', 'fair value', 'risk premiums', 'first closing', 'first half', 'Continuing earnings', 'investment operations', 'previous year', 'sixth fund', 'new fund', 'First name', 'MEUR Return', 'unrealized changes', '25-35 projects', 'consolidated income', 'climate change', 'corresponding period', 'MEUR Income', '20 projects', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'December', 'result', 'assets', 'share', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'IAS', 'auditor', 'report', '16 February', 'parentheses', 'page', 'information', '84.3 statement', 'end', 'BEUR', 'progress', 'strategy', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'rise', 'inflation', 'effects', 'sustainability', 'self-sufficiency', 'decrease', 'Garantia', 'fundraising', 'size', '3.', '0.', '2022']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18591,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/citycon-boards-asset-distribution-proposal-to-the-annual-general-meeting-301749285.html,Citycon Board's asset distribution proposal to the Annual General Meeting,HELSINKI  Finland  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2023 at 20:30 hrs The Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2023 asset distribution as foll…,HELSINKI  Finland  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2023 at 20:30 hrsThe Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2023 asset distribution as follows.The Board of Directors proposes that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial period ended on 31 December 2022  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the Annual General Meeting. Nonetheless  the Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide in its discretion on the distribution of assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the manner set forth below.Based on this authorization  the maximum total amount of equity repayment distributed from the invested unrestricted equity fund shall not exceed EUR 0.50 per share. Based on the current total number of issued shares in the company  the authorization would equal to a maximum of EUR 84 004 470 in equity repayment.The authorization is valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting.Unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason  the authorization will be used to distribute equity repayment four times during the period of validity of the authorization. In this case  the Board of Directors will make separate resolutions on each distribution of the equity repayment so that the preliminary record and payment dates will be as stated below. Citycon shall make separate announcements of such Board resolutions.Preliminary payment date Preliminary record date 31 March 2023 24 March 2023 30 June 2023 23 June 2023 29 September 2023 22 September 2023 29 December 2023 20 December 2023The equity repayment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend and/or equity repayment.Citycon publishes the notice to the Annual General Meeting as a stock exchange release and on the company's website separately.CITYCON OYJFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVice President  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTel. +358 50 387 8180[email protected]Citycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.3 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comSOURCE Citycon Oyj,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['asset distribution proposal', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Citycon Board', 'Sakari Järvelä Vice President', 'CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'current total number', 'mixed-use real estate', 'modern, necessity-based retail', 'municipal service spaces', 'sustainable property management', 'investment-grade credit ratings', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'maximum total amount', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Preliminary payment date', 'SOURCE Citycon Oyj', 'Preliminary record date', 'payment dates', 'equity repayment', 'balance sheet', 'justified reason', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcements', ""shareholders' register"", 'Corporate Finance', 'Investor Relations', 'residential, office', 'Nordic region', 'urban hubs', 'direct connections', 'public transport', 'other services', 'everyday needs', 'Standard & Poor', 'financial period', 'vibrant communities', 'asset distribution', 'Board resolutions', 'Feb.', 'February', 'Directors', '21 March 2023', '31 December', 'discretion', 'assets', 'manner', 'authorization', 'shares', 'company', 'opening', 'validity', 'case', '24 March', '30 June', '29 September', '20 December', 'notice', 'website', 'information', 'Tel.', 'manager', 'developer', 'centres', 'heart', 'grocery', 'healthcare', 'customers', 'Moody', 'Baa', '20:30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,prnewswire.com
18592,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.europapress.es/comunicados/internacional-00907/noticia-comunicado-notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-20230216184333.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) (4),"Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre ","(Información remitida por la empresa firmante)STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 2 p.m.)The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2023 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must- be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  21 March 2023; and· give notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy""no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  21 March 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:· by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. · on the company website www.essity.com · by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or· by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comName  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization document should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  23 March 2023. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Electronic submission must be made no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of two persons to check the minutes.4. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management have been complied with.7. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2022.8. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors.9. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors.10. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor.11. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Ewa Björlingb. Pär Bomanc. Annemarie Gardshold. Magnus Grothe. Torbjörn Lööff. Bert Nordbergg. Barbara Milian ThoralfssonNew election ofh. Maria Carella. Jan Gurander12. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditors and deputy auditors.14. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management.15. Resolution on cash-based incentive program.16. Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Carl Svernlöv as Chairman of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 7.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 7.25 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  31 March 2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  5 April 2023.Proposal for resolution under Item 8–13The Nomination Committee proposes the following:· The number of directors shall be nine with no deputy director.· The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.· The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.· Re-election of the directors Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson and new election of Maria Carell and Jan Gurander. Bjørn Gulden  Louise Svanberg and Lars Rebien Sørensen have declined re-election.Maria Carell  born 1973  has since 2017 been the President and CEO of RG  an esthetics and skincare specialized company based in Dallas  USA. She is a Swedish citizen and has lived in the USA since 2012. Maria Carell has a solid pharmaceutical and med-tech background including previous leading positions in i.a. Exeltis  Meda  Q-MED  Actavis  Novartis and Jensen-Cilag. She has served as a board member in several companies during the last 20 years but today only has a board assignment in RG Holdco. Maria Carell has a M.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics with focus on international business.Jan Gurander  born 1961  was during 2016-2022 deputy CEO in the Volvo Group and was also CFO for the Volvo Group during 2014-2018. He is a Swedish citizen. Jan Gurander has experience from leading positions in listed large international industrial companies and from the financial sector  such as MAN  Volvo Cars  Swedbank Robur  Scania and Investor. Today he has a board assignment in one listed company (Skanska)  where he is also serving as a member in all of the board committees. Jan Gurander has a M.Sc. in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics.· Re-election of Pär Boman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.· Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. It is noted that the Program is exclusively cash-based and does not result in any dilution or other impact on the rights of the shares.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs  which are described in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report and in the remuneration report approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2023–2025 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.a. The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 380 persons (the ""Participants"").b. The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the ""Cash Remuneration"") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2023–2025 (the ""Measurement Period""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual salary (gross) for 2025  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 per cent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 per cent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 per cent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.c. Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree on satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:i. A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return (""TSR"") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the ""TSR Condition"").[1] The benchmark group shall to 60 per cent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 per cent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene  respectively.[2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 per cent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.ii. A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the ""Sustainability Condition"").[3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 per cent compared to the base year 2016 (the ""Sustainability Target""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made.iii. The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 per cent and the Sustainability Condition 20 per cent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.d. Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period and shall in general not qualify for the basis for pension computation.e. Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed withing the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.f. Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2026 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.g. If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.h. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.i. Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2023–2025. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  including approximately 380 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 260 million assuming 100 per cent satisfaction of all of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. The cost of the Program amounts to a maximum of 1.7 per cent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2023 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Previous incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described more in detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2022  which is included in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 and available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares mainly as follows.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorisation may be utilised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. A maximum of so many class B shares may be acquired that Essity's holding at each time amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsTransfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses or as to finance acquisition of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorisation may be utilized on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. Transfer upon acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm to finance acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the authorisation to acquire shares in the company is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with the potential company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. The purpose of the authorisation to transfer own shares is to give the Board of Directors increased flexibility when financing company acquisitions. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create alternative forms of payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolution under Item 16 requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolution.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Anders Oscarsson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Ola Peter Krohn Gjessing  Norges Bank Investment Management  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Pär Boman  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 61 158 914 are class A shares and 641 183 575 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 252 772 715 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. No shares are held by Essity. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Wednesday  8 March 2023. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the General Meeting.The Board of Directors and the president shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2023Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2022 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2025  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Ecolab and Diversey. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The calculation of greenhouse gas emissions shall be based on the target adopted by the company according to Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual and Sustainability report 2022  and www.essity.com/sustainability/why-we-do-it/science-based-targets/.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  per.lorentz@essity.comJohan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  johan.ir.karlsson@essity.comThe following files are available for download:View original content: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-301749166.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'dated written proxy', 'entire advance vote', 'voting rights registration', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Información', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'telephone number', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'special form', 'completed form', 'Proxy forms', 'specific instructions', 'B. Notice', 'company website', 'empresa', 'firmante', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'section', 'participation', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', '8 a', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'address', 'notification', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'verification', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'conditions', '3', '2']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,europapress.es
18593,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-vaisala-corporation-annual-general-073000062.html,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET) Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 28 ,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST)Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.72 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2022 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 30  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 12  2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.Story continues9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2023  is available on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm.Ville Voipio  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 will remain as they are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the People and Sustainability Committee  Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be eight (8). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe term of office of Board members Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio will end at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorVaisala would have an obligation to organize an audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) concerning the audit for the financial year 2024. The Audit Committee has prepared and organized a statutory audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the Audit Regulation during the fall 2022 one year early.The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Audit Firm  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Niina Vilske  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended so that the § 6 of Articles of Association would stipulate that the term of Board members would from now on terminate on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting instead of third Annual General Meeting (or shorter if so decided by General Meeting)  and the number of board members would be 6–9  and § 13 of Articles of Association would stipulate that a general meeting can be organized without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the § 6 and § 13 in the articles of association is attached as Annex 1 to this notice.In other respects  it is proposed that the articles of association remain unchanged.17. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own shares as follows:The authorization concerns only treasury series A shares. The authorization is limited to a maximum of 935 976 shares  which represents approximately 2.69% of series A shares in the company and approximately 2.20% of all shares in the company. The issuance of own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorization entitles the issuance of treasury series A shares as a directed issue without payment as part of the company's share-based incentive plans. The Board of Directors can also use this authorization to grant special rights entitling subscription of the company's own shares that are held by the company. The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other conditions of the issuance of own shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 28  2027. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2023  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view at the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 16  2023  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 23  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation.Such notice can be given:a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 16  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 16  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 23  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructionsregarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 23  2023. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked.All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 15  2023  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares comprised of 6 731 092 series K shares and 29 705 636 series A shares. Vaisala has 208 487 series A shares in treasury. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 164 118 989 of which series K shares represent 134 621 840 votes and series A shares represent 29 497 149 votes.The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) onwards. The link to the live stream can be found at vaisala.com/agm.Vantaa  February 15  2023Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in weather  environmental and industrial measurement. Building on over 85 years of experience  Vaisala provides observations for a better world. We are a reliable partner for customers around the world  offering a comprehensive range of innovative observation and measurement products and services. Headquartered in Finland  Vaisala employs over 2 000 professionals worldwide and is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com twitter.com/VaisalaGroup linkedin.com/VaisalaNOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  ANNEX 1Amendment of Articles of Association:Vaisala Annual General Meeting on March 28  2023  item 16The Board of Directors proposes that Articles 6 and 13 of the Articles of Association be amended to read as follows.Current ArticleProposal by the Board of DirectorsArticle 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of four to eight (4-8) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the third Annual General Meeting unless the General Meeting specifically decides on a shorter term when electing the Board Member. One third  or a number closest to one third  of the Board Members shall resign each year. Should the entire Board be elected at the same time  the number referred to above shall resign during the first two years selected by lot.Article 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of six to nine (6-9) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting. Article 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area.The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditorArticle 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area. The Board of Directors may resolve on organizing a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditor,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.47,0.37,0.16,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'audit firm selection procedure', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Possible travel expenses', 'EU Audit Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'The Audit Committee', 'Ville Voipio', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Nomination Committee', 'other committee', 'personal information', 'fiscal year', 'attendance fees', 'financial year', 'Tuesday March', 'Sustainability Committee', 'live webcast', 'The Board', 'same shareholders', 'Board members', '9:30 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'website', 'questions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'distribution', 'April', 'Dividend', 'Story', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'agm', 'Chair', 'People', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'number', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'office', 'candidates', 'consent', 'investors', 'invoice', 'obligation', 'accordance', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,uk.finance.yahoo.com
18594,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-marimekko-corporation-annual-general-061500878.html,Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m. Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.,Marimekko CorporationMarimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m.Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be made available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2022  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 49 039 655.34 of which EUR 22 850 050.77 was profit for the financial year 2022. The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 0.34 per share be paid for the financial year 2022. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 13.8 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.Story continuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2023 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 24 April 2023 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202210. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for the year 2022  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 8 April 2020 by the company’s AGM  will be published by way of a stock exchange release and will be available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee consisting of members independent of the company and its significant shareholders  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2022 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 48 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 35 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 26 000 to the other Board members. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2022.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2023 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the AGM  13 April 2023  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice  he will  in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  be paid a monthly fee of EUR 4 400 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement. The monthly fee would remain unchanged from 2022. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors until the close of the next AGM.Carol Chen  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/board-of-directors/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor.16. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 9 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Helsinki. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“9 § The notice of the General Meeting shall be announced on the Company’s website not earlier than three (3) months and not later than three (3) weeks before the meeting  but in any case at least nine (9) days prior to the General Meeting’s record date. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of the General Meeting in one or more newspapers.In addition  the Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.The proposal is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative changes are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to present questions and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  due to for example pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to a general meeting under any circumstances.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 200 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 250 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.6 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the AGM in 2020 will be available on the company’s website on 23 March 2023 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the AGM can be viewed on the company’s website as of 27 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Wednesday 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.For natural persons  the electronic registration form requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. No strong electronic authentication is required of shareholders that are legal persons. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder can submit the registration form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  personal/business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name and personal ID of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Euroclear Finland Oy is used only in connection with the AGM and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the AGM  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the AGM requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 6 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the AGM.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the AGM from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. Should a shareholder participate in the AGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ on 8 March 2023 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the AGM in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders that are legal persons can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the legal person authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  Euroclear Finland Oy’s General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the AGM from 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/For natural persons  the electronic advance voting requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register and vote by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Of shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 8 March 2023 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the AGM prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. Following the AGM via webcast is not considered participating in the AGM or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the AGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the AGM.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the AGM.Helsinki  15 February 2023MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2022  the company's net sales were EUR 167 million and brand sales of the products worldwide amounted to EUR 382 million. Globally  there are roughly 150 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 460 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.13,0.22,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'payout record date', 'dividend payout date', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'The Board', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'applicable legislation', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'financial year', 'committee work', 'meeting venue', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'A. Matters', 'total amount', 'interim report', 'remuneration report', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'Thursday 13 April', 'significant shareholders', 'parent company', '8.15 a', '17 April', '24 April', '8 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '23 March', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'equity', 'Story', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'accordance', 'way', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '1 January', '31 March', '2.00', '1.00']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,uk.finance.yahoo.com
18595,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup @sudipchatterjee Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,nan,@EuroclearGroup @sudipchatterjee Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Euroclear thieves', 'private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'EuroclearGroup', 'millions', 'Euroclear thieves', 'private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'EuroclearGroup', 'millions']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18596,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,nan,@EuroclearGroup Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'millions', 'private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'millions']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18597,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Bitpanda  Kucoin  Lukka and Euroclear - moderated by David Creer GFT https://t.co/u7y7JR0tej,nan,Bitpanda  Kucoin  Lukka and Euroclear - moderated by David Creer GFT https://t.co/u7y7JR0tej,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['David Creer GFT', 'Bitpanda', 'Kucoin', 'Lukka', 'Euroclear', 'David Creer GFT', 'Bitpanda', 'Kucoin', 'Lukka', 'Euroclear']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18598,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-European-exchanges-collaborate-for-the-provision-of-a-consolidated-tape-in-the-Euro-43002146/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Deutsche Börse : European exchanges collaborate for the provision of a consolidated tape in the European Union,(marketscreener.com)  Release date: 16 Feb 2023| Deutsche Börse   European exchanges collaborate for the provision of a consolidated tape in the European Union        Today  fourteen European exchange groups  present in twenty-six¹ Member States o…,Release date: 16 Feb 2023 | Deutsche BörseToday  fourteen European exchange groups  present in twenty-six¹ Member States of the EU  announced a joint initiative to participate in the future selection process for the provision of a consolidated tape (CT) for equities in the European Union. The project responds to the European Commission's proposal for an equities tape to contribute to the development of the Capital Markets Union.The participating exchanges - cornerstones of financial markets across Europe with decades of experience in operating critical market infrastructure - have signed a term sheet to establish a joint venture that will evaluate and prepare an application as a CT provider in a future selection process. The participants are recognised specialists in supplying reliable and high-quality market data and are well-positioned to deliver a CT quickly  efficiently  and to the highest operational standards.The project will focus on providing a tape designed to provide a comprehensive  standardised and consistent source of market data and will seek to collaborate with regulators to develop the optimal solution for investors.Through this joint venture  the participating exchanges  as key players in the EU's capital markets ecosystem  are reiterating their commitment to fostering the EU's open strategic autonomy.¹ All EU member states except SlovakiaForward-Looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to the formation of a joint venture by the participating exchanges and the potential benefits of the joint venture. We caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties or other factors beyond the control of the joint venture participants. These factors include  but are not limited to factors detailed in a joint venture participant's annual report on Form 10-K and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  if any. The joint venture participants undertake no obligation to release any revisions to any forward-looking statements.Notes to editorsJoint Venture participants:Athens Stock ExchangeBucharest Stock ExchangeBudapest Stock ExchangeBulgarian Stock ExchangeCyprus Stock ExchangeDeutsche Börse GroupEuronext  incorporating:Borsa ItalianaEuronext AmsterdamEuronext BrusselsEuronext DublinEuronext LisbonEuronext ParisOslo BørsLuxembourg Stock ExchangeMalta Stock ExchangeNasdaq  incorporating:Nasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenNasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq IcelandNasdaq RigaNasdaq TallinnNasdaq VilniusSIX Group  incorporating:BME ExchangeWarsaw Stock ExchangeWiener Börse  incorporating:Prague Stock ExchangeVienna Stock ExchangeZagreb Stock Exchange  including:Ljubljana Stock ExchangeFor more information on the project  please contact:press@ct-project.euNiels Tomm (Deutsche Boerse)+49 17 23 00 96 40orErik Gruvfors (Nasdaq)+46 73 44 97 812Andrea Monzani (Euronext)+39 33 51 30 98 45,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.2,0.44,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'European exchanges', 'consolidated tape', 'European Union', 'provision', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Budapest Stock Exchange Bulgarian Stock Exchange', 'U.S. Securities', 'fourteen European exchange groups', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'Bucharest Stock Exchange', 'Cyprus Stock Exchange', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Malta Stock Exchange', 'Warsaw Stock Exchange', 'Prague Stock Exchange', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Zagreb Stock Exchange', 'Ljubljana Stock Exchange', 'Wiener Börse', 'Oslo Børs', 'twenty-six¹ Member States', 'highest operational standards', 'open strategic autonomy', 'future selection process', 'critical market infrastructure', 'capital markets ecosystem', 'Capital Markets Union', 'high-quality market data', 'joint venture participant', 'EU member states', 'Exchange Commission', 'BME Exchange', 'European Union', 'SIX Group', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'European Commission', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'joint initiative', 'Release date', 'participating exchanges', 'term sheet', 'comprehensive, standardised', 'consistent source', 'optimal solution', 'key players', 'press release', 'potential benefits', 'Actual results', 'annual report', 'Form 10-K', 'periodic reports', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Niels Tomm', 'Erik Gruvfors', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'Nasdaq Riga', 'Nasdaq Tallinn', 'Nasdaq Vilnius', 'Forward-Looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'Euronext Paris', 'consolidated tape', 'CT provider', 'other factors', 'equities tape', 'participants', 'provision', 'project', 'proposal', 'development', 'cornerstones', 'decades', 'experience', 'operating', 'application', 'specialists', 'reliable', 'regulators', 'investors', 'commitment', 'Slovakia', 'meaning', 'respect', 'formation', 'guarantees', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'Notes', 'editors', '16', '49']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18599,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-STAHL-AG-11277506/news/R-STAHL-with-significant-increases-in-sales-order-intake-and-profitability-in-financial-year-2022-43001057/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,R. STAHL with significant increases in sales  order intake and profitability in financial year 2022,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word: Preliminary Results/Development of SalesR. STAHL with significant increases in sales  order intake and profitability in financial year 2022 16.02.2023 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer i…,EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word(s): Preliminary Results/Development of SalesR. STAHL with significant increases in sales  order intake and profitability in financial year 202216.02.2023 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL with significant increases in sales  order intake and profitability in financial year 2022Order intake increases by 20.0% to € 76.9 millionGroup sales up 10.6% to € 76.9 millionEBITDA pre exceptionals increases by 24.5% to € 22.3 million;EBITDA pre execptionals margin improves significantly from 7.2% to 8.1%Net profit again positive at € 1.9 millionRecord order backlog of € 109.4 million ensures good start to 2023Waldenburg  16 February 2023 – According to preliminary figures  R. STAHL success­fully completed financial year 2022. Momentum from the significant recovery in demand evident since mid-2022 continued in the fourth quarter.The specialist for explosion protection solutions increased order intake for the Group by 20.0% to € 313.5 million in 2022 (previous year: € 261.3 million) and kicked off the new year with a record order backlog of € 109.4 million (previous year: € 72.2 million). This is a clear indication that R. STAHL 2022 has been able to stabilize and strengthen its market position despite the challenging environment. Customers value R. STAHL as a reliable partner and supplier of high-quality products and services.The tense transport capacity and procurement market situation at the beginning of the year and until the middle of 2022 began to ease in the third quarter. This enabled R. STAHL to improve its sales for the full year 2022 by 10.6% to € 274.3 million (previous year: € 248.1 million). The figure was thus within the forecast corridor of between € 273 million and € 278 million  which had been adjusted upwards on 13 December 2022.R. STAHL significantly improved the company's profitability in the past financial year. Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) pre exceptionals increased by 24.5% to € 22.3 million (previous year: € 17.9 million) and were thus also within the upwardly adjusted range that had been forecast (€ 21 million to € 24 million). The company increased its profitability  measured by the EBITDA pre exceptionals margin  from 7.2% in the previous year to 8.1%. With a net profit of € 1.9 million (previous year:€ -4.9 million)  R. STAHL also returned to positive bottom-line figures.Free cash flow improved by € 1.8 million to minus € 4.4 million (previous year: € -6.3 million). Net financial liabilities rose to € 29.2 million as of 31 December 2022 (previous year: € 18.3 million).“Strong overall business development in 2022 clearly demonstrates that the corporate strategy we have adopted is working. We have mastered the challenges we faced in recent years and are emerging even stronger from the difficult period. R. STAHL will take advan­tage of growth opportunities presented in sectors such as liquefied natural gas (LNG) and hydrogen technology to grow sustainably and profitably ” says Dr. Mathias Hallmann  CEO at R. STAHL.The figures and forward-looking statements in this press release relating to 2022 are preliminary. R. STAHL will provide an outlook for 2023 together with the release of its audited Annual Report 2022 on 27 April 2023.Key figures of the R. STAHL Group pursuant to IFRSin €m 20221) 2021 Changein €m Changein % Sales 274.3 248.1 +26.2 +10.6 Order intake 313.5 261.3 +52.2 +20.0 Order backlog 109.4 72.2 +37.3 +51.7 EBITDA pre exceptionals 2) 22.3 17.9 +4.4 +24.5 in % of sales 8.1% 7.2% EBIT 3.9 -0.1 +3.9 n/a Net profit 1.9 -4.9 +6.9 n/a Free cash flow -4.4 -6.3 +1.8 +29.3 Net financial liabilities as of 31 December 3) 29.2 18.3 +10.9 +59.9 Equity ratio as of 31 December 27.7 % 20.2 % Employees as of 31 December 4) 1 676 1 672 +4 empl. +0.21) Preliminary figures; the final and full figure set as well as the Annual Report 2021 will be released on 27 April 2023.2) Exceptionals: restructuring charges  non-scheduled depreciation and amortization  charges for design and implementation of IT projects  M&A costs as well as profit and loss from the disposal of non-current assets no longer required for business operations.3) Cash and cash equivalents less interest-bearing loans4) excl. apprenticesPercentages and figures may include rounding differences. Rates of change >+100% are shown as >+100%  rates of change < 100% as “n/a” (not applicable).Financial calendar 202327 April Annual Report FY 202210 May Interim Report Q1 202229 June 30th Annual General Meeting09 August Interim Report H1 202209 November Interim Report Q3 2022About R. STAHL – www.r-stahl.comR. STAHL is the world's leading supplier of electrical and electronic products and systems for explosion protection. These products and systems prevent explosions in hazardous areas and contribute to the safety of people  machines and the environment. The portfolio ranges from products used in switching/distributing  installing  operating/monitoring  lighting and signalling/alarming up to automation.Typical customers are the chemical and pharmaceutical industry  the oil & gas industry - including LNG applications - as well as the food and beverage industry. Most of the R. STAHL products are also approved for use with hydrogen. According to preliminary figures  2022 global sales amounting to around €274 million were generated by 1 676 employees. The shares of R. STAHL AG are traded on the Regulated Market/Prime Standard of Deutsche Boerse (ISIN DE000A1PHBB5).Forward-looking statementsThis release contains forward-looking statements based on assumptions and estimates of R. STAHL’s management. Although we assume that the expectations of these forward-looking statements are realistic  we cannot guarantee that these expectations will prove to be correct. The assumptions may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such discrepancies include: changes in the macroeconomic and business environment  exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations  the roll-out of competing products  a lack of acceptance of new products or services  and changes in business strategy. R. STAHL does not plan to update these forward-looking statements nor does it accept any obligation to do so.Contact:R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof 3074638 Waldenburg (Württ.)GermanyTel. +49 7942 943-1396investornews@r-stahl.com,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.17,0.28,True,English,"['R. STAHL', 'significant increases', 'order intake', 'financial year', 'sales', 'profitability', '29 June 30th Annual General Meeting', 'EBITDA pre execptionals margin', 'Strong overall business development', 'EBITDA pre exceptionals margin', 'tense transport capacity', 'liquefied natural gas', 'Dr. Mathias Hallmann', 'M&A costs', 'less interest-bearing loans', '10 May Interim Report', '09 August Interim Report', '09 November Interim Report', 'procurement market situation', 'Free cash flow', 'Record order backlog', 'explosion protection solutions', 'positive bottom-line figures', 'Net financial liabilities', 'past financial year', '27 April Annual Report', 'R. Stahl AG', 'Order intake increases', 'R. STAHL Group', 'business operations', 'market position', 'Financial calendar', 'significant increases', 'cash equivalents', 'Net profit', 'Key word', 'Preliminary Results', 'good start', 'significant recovery', 'fourth quarter', 'previous year', 'new year', 'clear indication', 'reliable partner', 'third quarter', 'full year', 'forecast corridor', 'corporate strategy', 'recent years', 'difficult period', 'advan\xadtage', 'growth opportunities', 'hydrogen technology', 'forward-looking statements', 'Equity ratio', 'IT projects', 'non-current assets', 'rounding differences', 'hazardous areas', 'preliminary figures', 'Key figures', 'challenging environment', 'high-quality products', 'press release', 'full figure', 'restructuring charges', 'leading supplier', 'electronic products', 'Group sales', 'EQS-News', 'profitability', '00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Waldenburg', 'February', 'Momentum', 'demand', 'mid', 'specialist', 'Customers', 'services', 'beginning', '13 December', 'company', 'Earnings', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'range', '31 December', 'challenges', 'sectors', 'LNG', 'CEO', 'IFRS', '2021 Change', 'Employees', 'final', 'design', 'implementation', 'loss', 'disposal', 'apprentices', 'Percentages', 'Rates', 'world', 'electrical', 'systems', 'explosions', 'safety', 'people', 'machines', 'portfolio', '07', '24.', '10.', '2022']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18600,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.ansa.it/nuova_europa/en/news/sections/news/2023/02/16/commerzbank-profits-jump-before-return-to-german-stock-elite_f9b1f59c-0ead-4e56-9808-28aac6236019.html,Commerzbank profits jump before return to German stock elite - News - Nuova Europa,FRANKFURT AM MAIN  FEB 16 - Germany's second-largest lender Commerzbank said Thursday its net profit tripled in 2022 as the bank prepares for reentry into the Frankfurt Stock Exchange's blue-chip DAX index.,"Commerzbank profits jump before return to German stock elite Net profit tripled in 2022(ANSA-AFP) - FRANKFURT AM MAIN  FEB 16 - Germany's second-largest lender Commerzbank said Thursday its net profit tripled in 2022 as the bank prepares for reentry into the Frankfurt Stock Exchange's blue-chip DAX index. The group said it made a bottom-line profit of 1.44 billion euros ($1.54 billion) in 2022  up from 430 million euros the previous year.The result showed Commerzbank's ""turnaround is a success"" after years of poor performance and restructuring efforts  CEO Manfred Knof said in a statement. Commerzbank  like its German rival Deutsche Bank  remained in the black last year despite the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and one-off impacts linked to its Polish subsidiary. With a second straight year of positive results  the lender looks likely to return to the DAX  the Frankfurt Stock Exchange's index of the 40 top listed companies in Germany. Commerzbank was kicked out of the elite club in the second half of 2018 and a decision on its return is expected to be announced by stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse on Friday. (ANSA-AFP).© Copyright ANSA - All rights reserved",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['German stock elite', 'Commerzbank profits', 'Nuova Europa', 'News', 'German stock elite Net profit', 'German rival Deutsche Bank', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'stock exchange operator', 'FRANKFURT AM MAIN', 'CEO Manfred Knof', '40 top listed companies', 'black last year', 'second straight year', 'blue-chip DAX index', 'elite club', 'bottom-line profit', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'previous year', 'second half', '1.44 billion euros', '430 million euros', 'poor performance', 'restructuring efforts', 'Russian invasion', 'one-off impacts', 'Polish subsidiary', 'positive results', 'largest lender', 'Commerzbank profits', 'return', 'ANSA-AFP', 'FEB', 'Germany', 'reentry', 'group', 'turnaround', 'success', 'years', 'statement', 'Ukraine', 'decision', 'Friday', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,ansa.it
18601,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/european-bourses-join-forces-bid-operate-stocks-price-feed-2023-02-16/,European bourses join forces in bid to operate stocks price feed,LONDON  Feb 16 (Reuters) - Euronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other European stock exchange groups on Thursday said they would jointly propose creating a combined feed of their share prices to investors  throwing down the gauntlet to rivals ahead of European ...,"[1/2] The German share price index DAX graph is pictured at the stock exchange in Frankfurt  Germany  November 9  2020. REUTERS/Staff/LONDON  Feb 16 (Reuters) - Euronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other European stock exchange groups on Thursday said they would jointly propose creating a combined feed of their share prices to investors  throwing down the gauntlet to rivals ahead of European Union legislation.EU states and the European Parliament are due in coming months to finalise a draft law that would mandate exchanges to provide prices of stock transactions on their platforms to a low price ""consolidated tape"" (CT) for investors to spot the best deals.Brussels wants to make its capital market deeper and more efficient by knitting a fragmented trading landscape. A tape has long been a feature of Wall Street. Banks and asset managers complain that the price of market data  a key money-spinner for bourses  is too expensive.Once the draft law has been approved  the bloc's securities watchdog ESMA would oversee a selection process for a CT provider  and the exchanges  which also include Nasdaq  SIX Group in Spain  and bourses in Vienna  Prague and Warsaw  said they would submit a proposal.""The participants are recognised specialists in supplying reliable and high-quality market data and are well positioned to deliver a CT quickly  efficiently  and to the highest operational standards "" the exchanges said in a joint statement.""The project will focus on providing a tape designed to provide a comprehensive  standardised and consistent source of market data and will seek to collaborate with regulators to develop the optimal solution for investors.""Bourses have called the CT proposal an ""elaborate and complex experiment"".Past efforts to build a tape failed after exchanges refused to voluntarily provide data for a price that would make it viable.The EU draft law proposes a tape showing prices which are ""as close to real time as technically possible""  but exchanges have lobbied for a CT with a delay of 15 minutes after a share transaction  a time gap which EU policymakers say would be of no use to investors.Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Shounak DasguptaOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.15,0.6,True,English,"['stocks price feed', 'European bourses', 'forces', 'bid', 'German share price index DAX graph', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', '12 other European stock exchange groups', 'European Union legislation', 'fragmented trading landscape', 'highest operational standards', 'high-quality market data', 'EU draft law', 'European Parliament', 'share transaction', 'stock transactions', 'share prices', 'EU states', 'EU policymakers', 'capital market', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'combined feed', 'coming months', 'best deals', 'Wall Street', 'asset managers', 'key money-spinner', 'securities watchdog', 'selection process', 'SIX Group', 'joint statement', 'comprehensive, standardised', 'consistent source', 'optimal solution', 'Past efforts', 'real time', 'time gap', 'Huw Jones', 'Shounak Dasgupta', 'CT provider', 'CT proposal', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'LONDON', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'investors', 'gauntlet', 'rivals', 'exchanges', 'platforms', 'Brussels', 'tape', 'feature', 'Banks', 'bourses', 'bloc', 'ESMA', 'Nasdaq', 'Spain', 'Vienna', 'Prague', 'Warsaw', 'participants', 'specialists', 'reliable', 'project', 'regulators', 'delay', '15 minutes', 'use', 'Reporting', 'Editing']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,reuters.com
18602,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/FI84Sgrtx4,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/FI84Sgrtx4,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'FI84Sgrtx4', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'FI84Sgrtx4']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18603,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/bM8Jr5p1Gh,nan,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/bM8Jr5p1Gh,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18604,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Group and Google Cloud Team Up to Advance Financial Services with Digital Assets Business Platform (… https://t.co/Mh8J26otKX,nan,Deutsche Börse Group and Google Cloud Team Up to Advance Financial Services with Digital Assets Business Platform (… https://t.co/Mh8J26otKX,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Digital Assets Business Platform', 'Google Cloud', 'Financial Services', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Digital Assets Business Platform', 'Google Cloud', 'Financial Services']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,Unknown
18605,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/nFDpN3XFJa,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/nFDpN3XFJa,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,Unknown
18606,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/1ncAbUwAd2,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/1ncAbUwAd2,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,Unknown
18607,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/EoclLhsMmB,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/EoclLhsMmB,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-14,2023-02-16,Unknown
18608,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/EcU90JeE3s,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/EcU90JeE3s,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-14,2023-02-16,Unknown
18609,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/GXYLGMq4IT,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/GXYLGMq4IT,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'GXYLGMq4IT', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'GXYLGMq4IT']",2023-02-14,2023-02-16,Unknown
18610,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/jlrlymCRPB,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/jlrlymCRPB,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'jlrlymCRPB', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'jlrlymCRPB']",2023-02-14,2023-02-16,Unknown
18611,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,PANELISTS WANTED ON ENERGY TRANSITION   Deutsche Boerse / EUREX Derivatives Forum March 23 https://t.co/yYPCesJiID.… https://t.co/p3BIYDJ3v4,nan,PANELISTS WANTED ON ENERGY TRANSITION   Deutsche Boerse / EUREX Derivatives Forum March 23 https://t.co/yYPCesJiID.… https://t.co/p3BIYDJ3v4,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['EUREX Derivatives Forum', 'ENERGY TRANSITION', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'PANELISTS', 'EUREX Derivatives Forum', 'ENERGY TRANSITION', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'PANELISTS']",2023-02-14,2023-02-16,Unknown
18612,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,PANELISTS WANTED ON ENERGY TRANSITION   Deutsche Boerse / EUREX Derivatives Forum March 23 https://t.co/scYuZkULgf.… https://t.co/fPWij1ucIh,nan,PANELISTS WANTED ON ENERGY TRANSITION   Deutsche Boerse / EUREX Derivatives Forum March 23 https://t.co/scYuZkULgf.… https://t.co/fPWij1ucIh,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['EUREX Derivatives Forum', 'ENERGY TRANSITION', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'PANELISTS', 'EUREX Derivatives Forum', 'ENERGY TRANSITION', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'PANELISTS']",2023-02-14,2023-02-16,Unknown
18613,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aedifica-nv-sa-2022-annual-063000538.html,Aedifica NV/SA: 2022 annual results,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam...,AedificaPlease find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2022 annual results.Robust operational performance driving strong resultsEPRA Earnings amounted to €181.4 million (+20% compared to 31 Dec. 2021)  or €4.76/shareRental income increased to €273.1 million (+18% compared to 31 Dec. 2021)4.2% increase in rental income on a like-for-like basis* over the yearWeighted average unexpired lease term of 19 years and occupancy rate of 100%Real estate portfolio* of €5.7 billion as at 31 December 2022Increase of approx. €807 million compared to 31 December 2021 (+16%)622 healthcare sites for more than 47 100 end users across 8 countriesInvestment programme of €671 million in pre-let development projects and acquisitions in progress  of which €489 million remains to be invested. In 2022  40 projects from the programme were completed for a total investment budget of approx. €295 millionSolid balance sheet and strong liquidity43.6% debt-to-assets ratio as of 31 December 2022Strengthening equity: nearly €310 million raised on capital markets through a capital increase via an accelerated private placement (€254 million) and two contributions in kind€667 million of headroom on committed credit lines to finance CAPEX and liquidity needsBBB investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook reaffirmed by S&POutlookProposed dividend of €3.70/share (gross) is confirmed (distribution in May 2023)EPRA Earnings* for 2023 are estimated at €200 million  or €5.03/shareDividend of €3.80/share (gross) proposed for the 2023 financial yearAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', '2022 annual results', 'public regulated real estate company', 'average unexpired lease term', 'BBB investment-grade credit rating', 'Real estate portfolio', 'committed credit lines', 'Robust operational performance', 'Solid balance sheet', 'total investment budget', 'S&P Outlook', '2023 financial year Attachments', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2022 annual results', 'strong results', 'EPRA Earnings', 'Rental income', 'occupancy rate', '622 healthcare sites', '47,100 end users', 'Investment programme', 'strong liquidity', 'assets ratio', 'Strengthening equity', 'capital markets', 'private placement', 'two contributions', 'liquidity needs', 'development projects', 'capital increase', '40 projects', '4.2% increase', 'Aedifica', '31 Dec.', 'basis', '19 years', '31 December', '8 countries', 'acquisitions', 'progress', '43.6% debt', 'kind', 'headroom', 'CAPEX', 'dividend', 'gross', 'distribution', 'May']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18614,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-monica-virgiliis-not-seek-063000154.html,ASM MONICA DE VIRGILIIS WILL NOT SEEK SECOND TERM AS SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER AFTER CURRENT TERM,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CET ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms...,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms Monica de Virgiliis has decided not to seek a second term as Supervisory Board member and that she will step down after her current term which will expire in May 2024.Pauline van der Meer Mohr  the Chair of the Supervisory Board  mentioned: “The accumulation of Monica’s current and future commitments have prompted this decision  which we understand and respect. The timing she chose is related to those commitments and allows the Board ample time to find a successor. I am very pleased that she is fully committed to fulfill her current term until next year May and that she will continue to make contributions to the company.”About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM’s website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.Story continuesThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.05,0.66,0.29,mixed,0.38,0.16,0.45,True,English,"['ASM MONICA DE', 'SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER', 'SECOND TERM', 'VIRGILIIS', 'Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ms Monica de Virgiliis', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'ASM International NV Almere', 'common stock trades', 'next year May', 'Supervisory Board member', 'market acceptance', 'second term', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'current term', 'The Netherlands', 'future commitments', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'The Company', 'February', '7:30 a', 'CET', 'Chair', 'decision', 'timing', 'time', 'successor', 'contributions', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'financing', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Story', 'meaning', 'Investor']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18615,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-february-090000135.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023 February 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert...,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023February 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 133 605 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 9  2023  up to and including February 15  2023  for €13.6 million and at an average share price of €101.63.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 2  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 911 105 91.0 99.83For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18616,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/board-nominations-proposed-shareholders-meeting-060000155.html,BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING,BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING At its meeting of February 15  2023  the Board of Directors of Rexel unanimously decided  on...,"REXELBOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGAt its meeting of February 15  2023  the Board of Directors of Rexel unanimously decided  on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to propose to the next Shareholders' Meeting of April 20  2023  the renewal of Ian Meakins' term of office as Director and to appoint Marie-Christine Lombard and Steven Borges as new independent members of the Board of Directors for a term of four years. Marie-Christine Lombard would succeed Elen Phillips  whose term of office will expire at the next Shareholders’ Meeting.Ian Meakins  Chairman of Rexel's Board of Directors  said: ""I deeply thank Elen for her contribution to the Board during all these years and for the richness of the interactions and exchanges we had. As part of the succession plan for Directors  the Board of Directors had identified additional needs in terms of expertise to adapt to the evolution of the Group and its market. Steven Borges  in addition to his knowledge of the U.S. market  will bring to the Board his knowledge of all industrial sectors at a time when issues such as industrial automation and investments related to sustainable development are at the heart of Rexel's business in the industrial sector. Marie-Christine Lombard is a recognized executive with an impressive track record of success at the head of Geodis. In addition to her management experience  she will bring to Rexel's Board her in-depth knowledge of transport  logistics and service issues  which  in conjunction with digital  are central to Rexel's value proposition.""Biographies:Marie-Christine Lombard has been Chairwoman of the Management Board of Geodis since 2012  a global leader in transport and logistics. She is also a member of the Executive Committee of the SNCF group. Previously  she held several management positions at TNT Express before becoming its Chief Executive Officer. She started her career in the banking sector where she held various positions at the Chemical Bank in New York and at Paribas in Paris where her last role was Vice President in the M&A department of the commercial banking group. She is a Director and the Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee of Vinci. She is a graduate of ESSEC and the Harvard University Executive Program.Story continuesSteven Borges currently serves as EVP and CEO of the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment of Jabil Inc. (NYSE: JBL)  a global manufacturing services company. He joined Jabil in 1993 and has held positions of increasing responsibility in business development  manufacturing operations and supply chain management over the course of his 30-year career. Prior to his current role  he served as EVP and CEO of Jabil’s Regulated Industries segment with additional responsibility for additive manufacturing. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Johns Hopkins All Children’s Hospital. He is a graduate of Fitchburg State University.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSEBrunswick : Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['BOARD NOMINATIONS', 'SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING', 'THE', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', '® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', 'Harvard University Executive Program', 'global manufacturing services company', 'Diversified Manufacturing Services segment', 'Regulated Industries segment', 'Fitchburg State University', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'U.S. market', 'impressive track record', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'three main markets', 'new independent members', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'M&A department', 'supply chain management', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'following SRI indices', ""next Shareholders' Meeting"", 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', 'several management positions', ""Ian Meakins' term"", 'commercial banking group', 'global leader', 'manufacturing operations', 'additive manufacturing', 'following indices', 'CAC Next', 'Executive Committee', 'banking sector', 'New York', 'compartment A', 'management experience', 'energy management', 'increasing responsibility', 'additional responsibility', 'Nomination Committee', 'Marie-Christine Lombard', 'Steven Borges', 'succession plan', 'additional needs', 'sustainable development', 'value proposition', 'SNCF group', 'TNT Express', 'various positions', 'Chemical Bank', 'last role', 'Vice President', 'Compensation Committee', 'current role', 'Johns Hopkins', 'energy world', 'scalable range', 'Eurolist market', 'Euronext Paris', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'Thomas KAMM', 'industrial sectors', 'industrial automation', 'industrial customers', 'The Group', 'Management Board', 'four years', 'Elen Phillips', 'service issues', 'business development', '30-year career', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', 'depth knowledge', 'Jabil Inc.', 'BOARD NOMINATIONS', 'REXEL GROUP', 'February', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'April', 'renewal', 'Chairman', 'contribution', 'richness', 'interactions', 'exchanges', 'terms', 'expertise', 'evolution', 'time', 'investments', 'heart', 'head', 'Geodis', 'transport', 'logistics', 'conjunction', 'digital', 'Biographies', 'Chairwoman', 'Paribas', 'Vinci', 'graduate', 'ESSEC', 'Story', 'EVP', 'CEO', 'NYSE', 'JBL', 'course', 'Trustees', 'Children', 'Hospital', 'products', 'residential', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'maintenance', 'network', '1,900 branches', '21 countries', '26,000 employees', 'sales', 'SBF', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'recognition', 'performance', 'CSR', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'PRESSE', 'Brunswick', 'Attachment', '120', '53']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18617,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-announces-q4-financial-results-063000385.html,CGG Announces its Q4 Financial Results on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after Markets Close,PARIS  France – February 16th  2023 Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference call CGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and...,CGGPARIS  France – February 16th  2023Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET)Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Q4 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'answer session', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG', 'France', 'February', 'question', 'Thursday', 'March', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18618,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/three-randstad-executives-named-staffing-192100226.html,three randstad executives named to staffing industry analysts' 2023 Staffing 100 list,For the twelfth year in a row  executives from Randstad North America have been named to Staffing Industry Analysts' (SIA) Staffing 100 list. Each year  SIA ...,"randstad executives have featured every year since the award's inception in 2011ATLANTA  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- For the twelfth year in a row  executives from Randstad North America have been named to Staffing Industry Analysts' (SIA) Staffing 100 list. Each year  SIA compiles 100 men and women who have made a difference in the staffing industry. The list consists of  but is not limited to entrepreneurs  CEOs  and other individuals who have had a major impact on the world of work.Randstad US (PRNewsfoto/Randstad US)This year's Randstad USA executives featured include:Traci Fiatte  CEO  Randstad North AmericaAngie Keller  President  Randstad EngineeringGreg Dyer  Chief Commercial Officer  Randstad USA""Congratulations to Traci  Angie and Greg for this well-deserved recognition "" said Randstad CEO  Sander van 't Noordende. ""These leaders have worked tirelessly to make an impact in the staffing industry and take us one step further on our journey to becoming the most equitable and specialized talent company in the world.""Visit the SIA website for the full list of honorees.about randstadRandstad North America  Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Randstad N.V.  the world's largest talent company and a partner of choice to clients. We are committed to providing equitable opportunities to people from all backgrounds and helping them remain relevant in the rapidly changing world of work. We have a deep understanding of the labor market and help our clients to create the high-quality  diverse and agile workforces they need to succeed.Randstad was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Diemen  the Netherlands. In 2022  in our 39 markets  we helped more than 2 million people find a job that feels good and advised over 230 000 clients on their talent needs. We generated revenue of €27.6 billion. Randstad N.V. is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam. For more information  see www.randstad.comRandstad's North American operations comprise 7 100 associates and a deployed workforce of 91 100 in the U.S. and Canada. In addition to staffing and recruitment  Randstad offers outsourcing  consulting and workforce management solutions for generalist and specialist disciplines  including technology  engineering  accounting and finance  clinical and non-clinical healthcare  human resources  legal  life sciences  manufacturing and logistics  office and administration and sales and marketing. Global concepts available to North American client companies include RPO  MSP  integrated talent solutions  payrolling and independent contractor management and career transition services. Learn more at www.randstadusa.com or www.randstad.ca.Story continuesCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/three-randstad-executives-named-to-staffing-industry-analysts-2023-staffing-100-list-301749275.htmlSOURCE Randstad US",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.27,0.05,True,English,"['three randstad executives', 'industry analysts', '100 list', 'North American client companies', 'North American operations', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'independent contractor management', 'career transition services', 'specialized talent company', 'largest talent company', 'integrated talent solutions', 'Randstad North America', 'Randstad N.V.', 'workforce management solutions', 'Randstad USA executives', 'talent needs', 'SOURCE Randstad', 'twelfth year', 'other individuals', 'Sander van', 'deep understanding', 'labor market', 'high-quality, diverse', 'agile workforces', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'U.S.', 'specialist disciplines', 'human resources', 'life sciences', 'Global concepts', 'original content', 'staffing industry', 'full list', 'Randstad Engineering', 'Randstad CEO', 'major impact', 'Traci Fiatte', 'Angie Keller', 'Greg Dyer', 'equitable opportunities', '2 million people', 'clinical healthcare', 'Staffing 100 list', 'SIA website', 'changing world', 'award', 'inception', 'ATLANTA', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'row', '100 men', 'women', 'difference', 'entrepreneurs', 'CEOs', 'PRNewsfoto', 'President', 'Congratulations', 'recognition', 'Noordende', 'leaders', 'journey', 'honorees', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'partner', 'choice', 'clients', 'backgrounds', 'rapidly', 'Diemen', 'Netherlands', '39 markets', 'job', 'revenue', 'information', '7,100 associates', 'Canada', 'addition', 'recruitment', 'consulting', 'generalist', 'technology', 'accounting', 'finance', 'legal', 'manufacturing', 'logistics', 'administration', 'sales', 'marketing', 'RPO', 'MSP', 'payrolling', 'randstadusa', 'Story', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'three-randstad-executives', 'industry-analysts']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18619,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-holding-n-v-notes-063100633.html,Heineken Holding N.V. notes FEMSA’s intention to divest its shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V.,Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has...,"HEINEKEN Holding NVAmsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA intends to divest its full shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. and FEMSA’s representatives will resign from Heineken Holding N.V.’s Board of Directors and Heineken N.V.’s Supervisory Board with immediate effect.Heineken Holding N.V. respects FEMSA's decision to refocus its strategic priorities and would like to thank FEMSA for its contribution and support in growing the business over the past thirteen years.Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken and Michel de Carvalho  Executive Directors of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V.  commented: “We are grateful for the commitment and support of José Antonio Fernández Carbajal on the Board of Directors over the last thirteen years. We will miss him for his valuable contributions  guidance and collaboration.-END-Press enquiries Heineken Holding N.V.Kees JongsmaE-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlTel: +31-6-5479-8253Press enquiriesSarah Backhouse / Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Story continuesInvestor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark Matthews / Chris SteynE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN employs over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIO NA and HEIA NA and on Reuters under HEIO.AS and HEIN.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY) and Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY). Most recent information is available on Heineken Holding N.V.’s website or Heineken N.V.'s website and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.48,0.08,0.44,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'FEMSA', 'intention', 'shareholding', 'José Antonio Fernández Carbajal', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'HEINEKEN Holding NV', 'past thirteen years', 'Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken', 'Michel de Carvalho', 'last thirteen years', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'Heineken® brand', 'strategic review', 'full shareholding', 'immediate effect', 'strategic priorities', 'valuable contributions', 'Press enquiries', 'Kees Jongsma', 'Sarah Backhouse', 'Michael Fuchs', 'analyst enquiries', 'Mark Matthews', 'Chris Steyn', 'participating interest', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO.AS', 'HEIN.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'recent information', 'press release', 'price-sensitive information', 'cost management', 'Better World', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Directors', 'Coca-Cola FEMSA', 'Amsterdam', 'February', 'announcement', 'outcome', 'retail', 'representatives', 'decision', 'support', 'business', 'commitment', 'guidance', 'collaboration', 'mail', 'nl', 'pressoffice', 'Story', 'Investor', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'HKHHY', 'HEINY', 'Most', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18620,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/erytech-pherecydes-announce-proposed-combination-213000152.html,ERYTECH and PHERECYDES Announce Proposed Combination Intending to Create Global Leader in Extended Phage Therapies,ERYTECH and PHERECYDES Announce Proposed Combination Intending to Create Global Leader in Extended Phage Therapies Conference call and webcast in English on ...,"Erytech Pharma S.A.ERYTECH and PHERECYDESAnnounce Proposed Combination Intending to Create Global Leader in Extended Phage TherapiesConference call and webcast in English on February 16  2023at 8:30am EST / 02:30pm CET and in French on the same day at 12pm EST / 6pm CETStrategic combination would build on complementary expertise and capabilities of both companies to accelerate development of extended phage therapies for antimicrobial resistance (AMR)  in particular via the phase II PhagoDAIR study conducted by PHERECYDES  as well as other anti-infective fields and therapeutic areas with high unmet medical needsCombined company cash runway would extend into Q 3 2024   with a consolidated cash position of approximately € 41 million as of December 31  2022  and would enable funding of existing and novel programs through multiple clinical milestones Transaction would complete the strategic review process announced by ERYTECH on several occasions since November 2021 and pave the way for the expansion of PHERECYDES development programs in AMR and beyondTransaction expe c ted to close at the end of the second quarter of 2023Transaction supported by key shareholders of each of PHERECYDES and ERYTECH will result in former PHERECYDES shareholders holding approximately 49% of the combined entityLyon and Nantes (France)  February 15  2023 – 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm EST – ERYTECH Pharma (“ERYTECH""; Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  and PHERECYDES Pharma (“PHERECYDES”; Euronext Growth: ALPHE)  a biotechnology company specializing in precision phage therapy to treat resistant and/or complicated bacterial infections  today announced their proposed strategic combination intended to create a global player in extended phage therapy and accelerate the development of a portfolio of drug candidates targeting pathogenic bacteria and potential other indications of high unmet medical needsThe proposed transaction seeks to leverage ERYTECH’s financial resources and teams to both accelerate and expand PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs  to reinforce efforts to advance novel phage candidates  and to potentially broaden scope to new therapeutic modalities building on the advanced technology platforms and capabilities of both companies. Specifically  the intended focus of the combined company in 2023 and 2024 would be to:Story continuesExpand the ongoing PhagoDAIR Phase 2 trial in patients with knee or hip prosthetic joint infections (PJI) due to Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus)  by opening new investigation centers in Europe  with results anticipated in Q1 2024;Expand the breadth of PHERECYDES’ clinical phage therapy portfolio with two additional company sponsored Phase 2 trials  one in patients with endocarditis due to S. aureus  expected to initiate in mid-2023 and the second one in patients with complex urinary tract infections due to E. coli  expected to initiate in Q1 2024. The company expects to open investigation centers in the United States for both studies;Build a research & development strategy leveraging ERYTECH’s platforms and expertise including drug-delivery with red blood cells (ERYCAPS) or red blood cell-derived vesicles (ERYCEV)  formulation expertise and oncology experience to support phage and endolysins therapeutic approaches in anti-infectives fields like AMR and beyond (such as in food  cosmetics and animal health fields)  or the development of novel carriers;E xpand PHERECYDES’ research portfolio to add two new complementary pathogens to the three existing (S. aureus  P. aeruginosa  E. Coli)  critical in developing a comprehensive target portfolio in the fight against resistant bacterial infections; andLeverage on the ERYTECH’s US implantation to facilitate access to US investors and to clinical and regulatory stakeholders in the perspective of future clinical developments.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES intend to merge their operations and relocate all teams to ERYTECH’s premises in Lyon  France  where they would benefit from presence in a major European hub for infectious diseases.“This transaction would represent a successful culmination of our efforts to pursue strategic alternatives and a new direction for ERYTECH. After the setback of our Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  we have been looking to leverage our established company structure and capabilities by adding a clinical stage asset in an area of high unmet need. AMR is a major health challenge and phage therapy is a promising approach to target pathogenic bacteria such as S. aureus  E. coli  and P. aeruginosa which in aggregate are responsible for over 800 000 resistant infections annually in the US and Europe. The team at PHERECYDES has made tremendous strides with its programs to date  and we at ERYTECH believe that our capabilities  expertise and assets could significantly complement and add to these efforts and accelerate the path to value creation. We and our board of directors believe the combination of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES would form a company well positioned to be a global leader in phage therapies and provide a much-needed solution to address the increasingly alarming health context caused by antimicrobial-resistant bacteria. We will also explore the opportunity to combine both companies' know-how and capabilities to broaden to other therapeutic areas of high unmet need. We are excited to begin this new path.” said Gil Beyen  Chief Executive Officer of ERYTECH.“Our board of directors fully supports this transaction and is convinced that ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will gather critical expertise and capabilities enabling to boost our research programs  as well as a seasoned and very complementary management team  and an international position providing access to US investors and stakeholders. All these assets will also drive and accelerate PHERECYDES clinical development plan with controlled and randomized international trials to demonstrate clinical evidence of the phage therapy as a real game changer in the anti-infectious area. With my entire Management team we are eager to start working together with our ERYTECH colleagues.” said Thibaut du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHERECYDES.About the proposed transactionKey transaction termsThe transaction would be structured as a merger by absorption of PHERECYDES into ERYTECH  pursuant to which the shareholders of PHERECYDES would receive newly issued ERYTECH ordinary shares in consideration of the contribution of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES (the “Proposed Merger”). Upon completion of the Proposed Merger  all of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES will be transferred to ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be dissolved.On February 15  2023  ERYTECH and PHERECYDES entered into a memorandum of understanding (the ""Memorandum of Understanding"") and expect to execute a definitive merger agreement (projet de fusion) to combine the companies in an all-share transaction  subject to the information-consultation process with ERYTECH's Social and Economic Committee (""CSE"").Under the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding  PHERECYDES shareholders would receive 15 new ERYTECH shares for every 4 PHERECYDES shares they currently own.Upon completion of the transaction  PHERECYDES shareholders are expected to hold approximately 49.5% of the share capital and voting rights of ERYTECH1.The transaction is fully supported by key shareholders of both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES  namely Auriga Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga Ventures III) and Recordati SpA on ERYTECH’s side and Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and a pool of shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud on PHERECYDES’ side.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris. The transaction will not affect this dual listing.Anticipated timeline and next stepsThe Memorandum of Understanding has been unanimously approved by each of ERYTECH’s and PHERECYDES’ board of directors.The Memorandum of Understanding provides for customary no-shop provisions by ERYTECH and PHERECYDES and customary interim covenants until completion of the Proposed Merger.The transaction is not subject to any clearance from regulatory authorities. The Social and Economic Committee of ERYTECH will be informed and consulted on the operation  in compliance with the applicable regulations.The Social and Economic Committee of ERYTECH will be informed and consulted on the transaction  in accordance with applicable law.A merger auditor will be appointed by the President of the Lyon Commercial Court to prepare reports on the value of the contributions and the fairness of the exchange ratio under the Proposed Merger  which will not result in the preparation of a prospectus but in the filing of an exemption document with the French stock markets authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).The Extraordinary General Meetings (EGMs) of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be called upon to vote on the Proposed Merger  currently expected to be convened at the end of the first half of 2023 (or early second half of 2023). The resolutions to approve the Proposed Merger must obtain  at the level of each company  the positive vote of two thirds of the shareholders present or represented. The EGM of ERYTECH will also be called to approve a new name for the merged company  to mark the start of a new development stage for the combined operations.ERYTECH received commitments from Auriga Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga Ventures III) and Recordati SpA  which together represent approximately 4.67% of the share capital and 8.91% of the voting rights of ERYTECH  to vote in favour of the transaction-related resolutions at ERYTECH’s EGM. Similarly  PHERECYDES received commitments from Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and a pool of shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud  which together represent approximately 41.5% of the share capital and voting rights of PHERECYDES  to contribute  after the entry into of the merger agreement but prior to the completion of the Proposed Merger  a portion of their PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECH in consideration of newly issued ERYTECH shares which would represent a maximum of 10% of ERYTECH shares2  under the same exchange ratio as the Proposed Merger  and  subsequently  to vote in favour of the transaction-related resolutions at ERYTECH’s EGM. ERYTECH will implement the share capital increase resulting from the contributions in Kind pursuant to the delegation conferred by its shareholders’ meeting of June 24  2022 (29th resolution).It is also expected that Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and the pool of shareholders represented by Guy Rigaud will subscribe  in the days following the date of the Memorandum of Understanding  €1.5 million at a price per PHERECYDES share that will be the higher of (i) €2.09 (corresponding to the volume-weighted average of PHERECYDES' share prices over the 30 trading days prior to January 19  2023  date of signature of the letter of interest between the parties) and (ii) a price equal to the volume-weighted average of the Company's share price on the Euronext Growth Paris market over the last five (5) trading days preceding the pricing of the issue  less a discount of 24.9% (in accordance with the 5th resolution of the PHERECYDES shareholders' meeting of December 15  2022). The planned date for the completion of the capital increase is February 17  2023. It is specified that Elaia Partners  Go Capital and Mr. Guy Rigaud  directors participating in the capital increase  will not participate in the vote of the PHERECYDES board of directors deciding on the capital increase.Governance of the combined companyUpon completion of the Proposed Merger  Mr. Jean-Paul Kress  Chairman of ERYTECH  will resign from his mandate as Chairman and Mr. Didier Hoch  Chairman of PHERECYDES  will become Chairman (président du Conseil d'administration) of ERYTECH. It is expected that the board of directors of ERYTECH will be composed of an equal number of directors from the current ERYTECH and PHERECYDES boards. It is further expected to request ERYTECH’s shareholders to remove the casting vote that the Chairman used to hold at the Board of Directors.Subject to the same  Mr. Thibaut du Fayet  currently CEO of PHERECYDES  will become CEO (directeur général) of ERYTECH  while Mr. Gil BEYEN will become Vice-Chairman (vice-président du Conseil d'administration) of the Board of ERYTECH (and will remain Executive Chairman of Erytech Pharma  Inc.). Mr. Eric Soyer will remain COO (directeur général délégué) and CFO of ERYTECH.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will establish a joint Strategic Committee to supervise the performance of the Memorandum of Understanding  in particular the implementation of the Proposed Merger as well as the operational integration. Both companies have decided to change the name of the merged company  which will be disclosed once the merger is completed.Details of the webconferencesManagement from both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will hold a conference call and webcast on Thursday  February 16  2023 at 8:30am EST / 2:30 pm CET to discuss the Proposed Merger. Gil Beyen  CEO of ERYTECH and Thibaut du Fayet  CEO of PHERECYDES will deliver a brief presentation  followed by a Q&A session.The webcast can be followed live online via the link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/gjemc5ksThe audio call is accessible via the below registering link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIb5377a162b414e0eb7ef2a6af5cb4cfaOnce registered  participants will receive a unique access code and the call number details to join the teleconference.An archive of the webcast will be available on PHERECYDES and ERYTECH’s websites.A webconference in French with Gil Beyen  CEO of ERYTECH and Thibaut du Fayet  CEO of PHERECYDES and including a Q&A session  will be held on the same day at 6 pm (CET) for French investors.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging two proprietary platforms  ERYCAPS®  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  and ERYCEVTM  focused on the potential of drug-loaded extracellular vesicles  derived from red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comAbout PHERECYDESFounded in 2006  Pherecydes Pharma is a biotechnology company that develops treatments against resistant bacterial infections  responsible for many serious infections. The Company has developed an innovative approach  precision phage therapy  based on the use of phages  natural bacteria viruses. Pherecydes Pharma is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which alone account for more than two thirds of hospitalacquired resistant infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.. Headquartered in Nantes  Pherecydes Pharma has a team of around twenty experts from the pharmaceutical industry  biotechnology sector and academic research.For more information  please visit www.pherecydespharma.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euPHERECYDESThibaut du FayetCEO NewCapDusan Oresansky / Nicolas FossiezInvestor relationsArthur RouilléMedia relationsinvestors@pherecydes-pharma.com+33 1 44 71 94 92/+33 1 44 00 15pherecydes@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the proposed combination of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES  including timing thereof  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES and of the markets in which they operate. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s and PHERECYDES’ respective business and regulatory strategy; the expected cash runway of the combined company; the structure  timing and completion of the Proposed Merger; the continued accessibility to the US market after the closing of the Proposed Merger; expectations regarding the ownership structure of the combined company after the closing of the Proposed Merger; the expected executive officers and directors  including governance structure  of the combined company; the future operations of the combined company; the nature  strategy and focus of the combined company; the development and commercial potential and potential benefits of any product candidates and platforms of PHERECYDES  ERYTECH and the combined company; anticipated drug development activities  including clinical trials  and related milestones and timelines  including the expected timing for data and other clinical results; and other statements that are not historical fact. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHERECYDES’ and ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (i) the failure to complete the Proposed Merger  including the risk that the conditions to the closing of the Proposed Merger and related transactions are not satisfied and the failure to timely obtain shareholder approval for such transactions  if at all; (ii) the inability to maintain the listing of the combined company’s securities on Nasdaq and the Euronext regulated market; (iii) uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the Proposed Merger and the ability of each of PHERECYDES and ERYTECH to consummate the Proposed Merger; (iv) risks related to ERYTECH’s ability to manage its operating expenses and its expenses associated with the Proposed Merger pending closing; (v) risks related to the failure or delay in obtaining required approvals from any governmental or quasi-governmental entity necessary to consummate the Proposed Merger; (vi) the risk that as a result of adjustments to the exchange ratio  PHERECYDES shareholders could own more or less of the combined company than is currently anticipated; (vii) risks related to the market price of ERYTECH’s ordinary shares (including represented by American Depositary Shares) relative to the exchange ratio; (viii) unexpected costs  charges or expenses resulting from the Proposed Merger; (ix) potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the Proposed Merger; (x) risks related to the inability of the combined company to obtain sufficient additional capital to continue to advance its product candidates and clinical programs as currently anticipated; (xi) uncertainties in obtaining successful clinical results for product candidates and unexpected costs that may result therefrom; (xii) risks related to the failure to realize any value from product candidates and clinical programs being developed and anticipated to be developed in light of inherent risks and difficulties involved in successfully bringing product candidates to market; and (xiii) risks associated with the possible failure to realize certain anticipated benefits of the Proposed Merger  including with respect to future financial and operating results; (xiv) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (xv) the possibility that PHERECYDES and ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (xvi) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  ERYTECH’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in ERYTECH’s 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 27  2022 and in ERYTECH’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 28  2022 and future filings and reports by ERYTECH. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Both PHERECYDES and ERYTECH disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in their expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.DisclaimerThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release was prepared for informational purpose only. The dissemination of this press release  the offer and its acceptance may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The offer is not made for persons subject to such restrictions  neither directly nor indirectly  and may not be accepted in any way from a country where the offer would be subject to such restrictions. Consequently  persons in possession of this press release shall inquire about potential applicable local restrictions and comply with them.Each of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES excludes all liability in the event of any breach of the applicable legal restrictions by any person.1 On the basis of the PHERECYDES and ERYTECH share capital diluted only with the respective instruments (mainly BSCPE and free shares) in the money and taking into account the Pherecydes share capital increase referred to in footnote 2 below.2 Percentage calculated prior to the share issuance.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.26,0.17,True,English,"['Extended Phage Therapies', 'Global Leader', 'ERYTECH', 'PHERECYDES', 'Combination', 'E xpand PHERECYDES’ research portfolio', 'high unmet medical needs', 'PHERECYDES’ clinical phage therapy portfolio', 'complex urinary tract infections', 'red blood cell-derived vesicles', 'two new complementary pathogens', 'PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs', 'Combined company cash runway', 'ongoing PhagoDAIR Phase 2 trial', 'Erytech Pharma S.A.', 'high unmet need', 'red blood cells', 'consolidated cash position', 'comprehensive target portfolio', 'precision phage therapy', 'extended phage therapy', 'multiple clinical milestones', 'complicated bacterial infections', 'potential other indications', 'prosthetic joint infections', 'future clinical developments', 'major European hub', 'clinical stage asset', 'major health challenge', 'two additional company', 'Extended Phage Therapies', 'new therapeutic modalities', 'endolysins therapeutic approaches', 'other anti-infective fields', 'animal health fields', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'strategic review process', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'advanced technology platforms', 'new investigation centers', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'novel phage candidates', 'former PHERECYDES shareholders', 'PHERECYDES development programs', 'Phase 3 trial', 'novel programs', 'PHERECYDES Pharma', 'PhagoDAIR study', 'drug candidates', 'new direction', '800,000 resistant infections', 'therapeutic areas', 'E. coli', 'combined entity', 'innovative therapies', 'anti-infectives fields', 'three existing', 'complementary expertise', 'phase II', 'key shareholders', 'Phase 2 trials', 'biotechnology company', 'company structure', 'S. aureus', 'novel carriers', 'Strategic combination', 'strategic alternatives', 'development strategy', 'Proposed Combination', 'Global Leader', 'Conference call', 'same day', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'several occasions', 'second quarter', 'global player', 'pathogenic bacteria', 'financial resources', 'intended focus', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'United States', 'oncology experience', 'P. aeruginosa', 'regulatory stakeholders', 'infectious diseases', 'successful culmination', 'pancreatic cancer', 'promising approach', 'tremendous strides', 'value creation', 'US implantation', 'US investors', 'Euronext Growth', 'formulation expertise', 'Transaction expe', 'webcast', 'English', 'February', '8:30am', '02:30pm', 'French', '12pm', '6pm', 'capabilities', 'companies', 'AMR', 'December', 'funding', 'November', 'expansion', 'Lyon', 'Nantes', 'France', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'Nasdaq', 'ERYP', 'ALPHE', 'teams', 'efforts', 'scope', 'Story', 'patients', 'knee', 'hip', 'PJI', 'results', 'Q1', 'breadth', 'endocarditis', 'mid-20', 'studies', 'drug-delivery', 'ERYCAPS', 'ERYCEV', 'food', 'cosmetics', 'fight', 'Leverage', 'access', 'perspective', 'operations', 'premises', 'presence', 'setback', 'aggregate', 'assets', 'board', '2023']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18621,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mdxhealth-announces-outstanding-shares-voting-213000244.html,MDxHealth Announces Update of Outstanding Shares and Voting Rights and Update of Financial Calendar,NEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONFEBRUARY 15  2023  4:30 pm ET/ 22:30 CET IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – February 15  2023 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ...,"mdxhealthNEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONFEBRUARY 15  2023  4:30 pm ET/ 22:30 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – February 15  2023 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH) (“mdxhealth” or the “Company“)  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today announced  in accordance with Article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  that in the context of the capital increase that was announced on February 1  2023 and completed on February 7  2023  its share capital has increased from EUR 123 539 165.19 to EUR 160 658 690.06  and the number of issued and outstanding shares has increased from 162 880 936 to 262 880 936 ordinary shares  through the issuance of a total of 100 000 000 new shares.In addition to the outstanding shares of the Company:a total of 13 895 280 subscription rights of the Company is outstanding  which entitles their holders (assuming all subscription rights are granted and exercised) to subscribe to a total of 13 895 280 new shares with voting rights;under the loan agreement entered into by the Company and Kreos Capital in July 2021  a drawdown fee equal to 7% of the amounts drawn down under the loan agreement (being EUR 630 000 in aggregate) remains outstanding as a payable due by the Company (without accruing interest)  and is convertible into ordinary shares with voting rights by means of a contribution in kind of the payable by Kreos Capital to the share capital of the Company at a price of EUR 0.85 per share; andunder the loan and security agreement entered into by the Company and Innovatus Capital Partners in August 2022  Innovatus has the right to convert  prior to August 2  2025  up to 15% of the outstanding principal amount of the loans (by means of a contribution in kind of the relevant payables due by the Company under the loans) into American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"") of the Company (each representing 10 ordinary shares of the Company) at a conversion price per ADS equal to USD 11.21 (i.e.  USD 1.121 per share on the basis of the ratio of 1 ADS per 10 shares).Story continuesUpdate of the 2023 Reporting CalendarIn addition  the Company announces that its financial calendar for 2023 shall be as follows:March 8  2023: 2022 FY resultsMay 10  2023: Q1-2023 business updateMay 25  2023: Annual general shareholders' meetingAugust 23  2023: Publication of H1-2023 resultsNovember 8  2023: Q3-2023 business updateAbout mdxhealth®Mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comNOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Outstanding Shares', 'Voting Rights', 'Financial Calendar', 'MDxHealth', 'Update', ""Annual general shareholders' meeting"", 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'Genomic Prostate Score', 'other molecular technologies', 'other urologic diseases', 'U.S. headquarters', 'outstanding principal amount', 'Q1-2023 business update', 'Q3-2023 business update', 'American Depositary Shares', 'actionable molecular information', 'additional laboratory operations', 'Innovatus Capital Partners', 'European headquarters', 'outstanding shares', 'capital increase', 'Kreos Capital', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', '13,895,280 subscription rights', 'voting rights', 'drawdown fee', 'security agreement', 'relevant payables', '2023 Reporting Calendar', 'financial calendar', '2022 FY results', 'H1-2023 results', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'other trademarks', 'service marks', 'respective owners', '262,880,936 ordinary shares', '100,000,000 new shares', '13,895,280 new shares', '10 ordinary shares', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'loan agreement', 'The Netherlands', 'share capital', 'conversion price', 'patient diagnosis', 'Resolve mdx', 'Monitor mdx', 'MDxHealth SA', 'mdxhealth logo', 'The Company', '10 shares', 'mdxhealth®', 'FEBRUARY', '30 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'NASDAQ/Euronext', 'accordance', 'Article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'market', 'context', 'number', 'issuance', 'total', 'July', 'amounts', 'aggregate', 'accruing', 'interest', 'means', 'contribution', 'kind', 'August', 'loans', 'ADSs', 'USD', 'basis', '1 ADS', 'Story', 'March', 'Publication', 'treatment', 'tests', 'epigenetic', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'cancers', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'NOTE', 'GPS', 'registered', 'property', 'Attachment', '4:30', '162,880']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18622,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000982.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM LogoPursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 16 February 2023  delivered 3 540 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €69.71). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 125 960. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0020%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301749269.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.24,0.34,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '3,540 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '16 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'prnewswire', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18623,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wendel-growth-invests-brigad-online-063000354.html,Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments,Press release – February 16  2023 Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care...,"WENDELPress release – February 16  2023Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishmentsWendel (Euronext: MF.FP)  through its Wendel Growth1 investment arm  announced today the acquisition of a minority stake in Brigad with an equity investment of €7 million.Brigad is an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments.Brigad meets a dual need:offering companies operating in tense sectors the support they need by connecting them with a community of around 15 000 skilled professionals and meeting the growing demand for more flexible and diversified work patterns. Indeed  self-employed professionals are free  allowing them to choose their missions and arrange their work  according to their personal schedule and professional objectives.Founded in 2016  Brigad has been a mission-driven company since 2020. It now operates in the 5 main cities in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Bordeaux and Marseille) as well as in London  Manchester and Birmingham. Brigad has 150 employees.Antoine Izsak  Head of Growth Equity  said:« We have been very impressed by the level of satisfaction expressed by talents and companies who are using Brigad. We look forward to working with Brigad to expand the company's mission and technical skills of its teams far beyond its current borders  into new geographies and sectors.”Florent Malbranche  Brigad CEO  stated:""We are delighted to welcome Wendel into Brigad's capital as it shows its willingness to invest and promote professions. In addition  its financial expertise will be a major asset for Brigad's future growth.""About Wendel Growth:With Wendel Growth (formerly Wendel Lab)  Wendel invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies. With close to €192 million already committed through the initiative in recent years  Wendel Growth seeks direct investment and coinvestment opportunities in startups. To make these direct investments  like the 2019 investment in AlphaSense and Tadaweb that should be finalized in 2023  Wendel Growth is supported by a team experienced in this asset class  including Antoine Izsak  who joined Wendel early 2022 as Head of Growth Equity. Mr. Izsak was previously Investment Director at Bpifrance. Wendel’s ambition is to invest up to €50 million in scale ups in Europe and North America and will continue to invest in funds.Story continuesMore information: https://www.wendelgroup.com/en/companies/wendel-growth/1 Formerly Wendel LabAgendaMarch 17  20232022 Full Year Results—Publication of NAV as of December 31  2022 (pre-market release)April 28  2023Q1 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (pre-market release)June 15  2023Annual General MeetingJuly 28  2023H1 2023 results—Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (pre-market release).October 27  2023Q3 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (pre-market release).December 7  20232023 Investor DayAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.09,0.12,True,English,"['Wendel Growth', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'care establishments', 'Brigad', 'hospitality', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Wendel Growth1 investment arm', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', '2023 Investor Day Attachment', '2022 Full Year Results', 'diversified work patterns', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'care establishments Wendel', 'financial expertise', 'H1 2023 results', 'equity investment', 'direct investment', 'Investment Director', 'Press release', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'MF.FP', 'minority stake', 'dual need', '15,000 skilled professionals', 'growing demand', 'personal schedule', 'professional objectives', '5 main cities', 'Antoine Izsak', 'Growth Equity', 'technical skills', 'current borders', 'new geographies', 'Florent Malbranche', 'major asset', 'future growth', 'recent years', 'coinvestment opportunities', 'asset class', 'Mr. Izsak', 'scale ups', 'North America', 'More information', 'pre-market release', 'Wendel Lab', 'tense sectors', 'mission-driven company', 'Brigad CEO', '2019 investment', 'February', 'hospitality', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'support', 'community', 'flexible', 'missions', 'France', 'Paris', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Bordeaux', 'Marseille', 'London', 'Manchester', 'Birmingham', '150 employees', 'Head', 'level', 'satisfaction', 'talents', 'teams', 'capital', 'willingness', 'professions', 'addition', 'funds', 'initiative', 'startups', 'AlphaSense', 'Tadaweb', 'ambition', 'Europe', 'Story', 'wendelgroup', 'wendel-growth', 'Agenda', 'March', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'December', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'September']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18624,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/APERAM-S-A-7261038/news/Euronext-includes-Aperam-in-its-new-BEL-ESG-stock-market-index-43002183/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Euronext includes Aperam in its new BEL® ESG stock market index,(marketscreener.com) Aperam S.A. / Key word: MiscellaneousEuronext includes Aperam in its new BEL® ESG stock market index 16-Feb-2023 / 09:01 CET/CESTEuronext includes Aperam in its new BEL® ESG stock market index Luxembourg  16 February …,Euronext includes Aperam in its new BEL® ESG stock market indexLuxembourg  16 February 2023 (09:00 CET) - Aperam is proud to announce that we are now a member of the newly announced BEL® ESG stock market index .Euronext today announced the launch of the BEL® ESG index  a new index identifying and tracking the companies within the BEL® 20 and the BEL® Mid indices that have demonstrated the best ESG practices.The BEL® ESG Index is designed to facilitate the adoption of mainstream ESG investment solutions by investors. It is the fifth ESG Index variant for national blue-chip indices  following the launch of the CAC® 40 ESG (France)  the MIB® ESG (Italy)  the AEX® ESG (The Netherlands) and the OBX® ESG (Norway).This sustainable index tracks the Brussels listed companies with the best social  environmental and governance (ESG) performance. It is based on Sustainalytics' ESG data and structured according to Febelfin's Towards Sustainability label.With this new index  Euronext aims to respond to the growing market demand for sustainable investment instruments. Investors can thus find their way to those companies that focus on a more sustainable future by combining economic results with sustainability considerations. ​We view this as an important first recognition of our efforts in placing sustainability at the center of our strategy and providing transparent communication on our targets and practices.Aperam fully integrates into its strategy the need for a more circular economy  as demonstrated with the creation of our new segment Recycling and Renewables and the acquisition of the former ELG (a major player in the global stainless scrap recycling market) in December 2021. Together with our FSC®-certified forestry it places sustainability at the heart of Aperam’s strategy. We are committed to become carbon neutral by 2050  based on energy efficiency improvements and green energy production and sourcing.Our annually published Sustainability Report (link) provides additional valuable insights to a variety of stakeholders.Please find below the link to the Euronext Press Release for more information on the nature of the BEL20® ESG index.Euronext launches the BEL® ESG indexAbout AperamAperam is a global player in stainless  electrical and specialty steel  with customers in over 40 countries. The business is Aperam is a global player in stainless  electrical and specialty steel and recycling  with customers in over 40 countries. Starting from 1 January 2022  the business is organized in four primary reportable segments: Stainless & Electrical Steel  Services & Solutions  Alloys & Specialties and Recycling & Renewables.Aperam has a flat Stainless and Electrical steel capacity of 2.5 million tonnes in Brazil and Europe and is a leader in high value specialty products. In addition to its industrial network  spread over six production facilities in Brazil  Belgium and France  Aperam has a highly integrated distribution  processing and services network and a unique capability to produce low carbon footprint stainless and special steels from biomass  stainless steel scrap and high performance alloys scrap. With Bioenergia and its unique capability to produce charcoal made from its own FSC®-certified forestry and with ELG  a global leader in collecting  trading  processing and recycling of stainless steel scrap and high performance alloys  Aperam’s places sustainability at the heart of its business  helping customers worldwide to excel in the circular economy.In 2022  Aperam had sales of EUR 8 156 million and shipments of 2.31 million tonnes.For further information  please refer to our website at www.aperam.com.ContactCompany Secretary / Julia Eisenmann +352 661 527 279; julia.eisenmann@aperam.comInvestor Relations / Thorsten Zimmermann: +352 661 570 250; thorsten.zimmermann@aperam.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['new BEL® ESG stock market index', 'Euronext', 'Aperam', 'new BEL® ESG stock market index', 'four primary reportable segments', 'global stainless scrap recycling market', 'low carbon footprint stainless', 'fifth ESG Index variant', 'high value specialty products', 'mainstream ESG investment solutions', 'The BEL® ESG Index', 'high performance alloys scrap', 'growing market demand', 'BEL20® ESG index', 'BEL® Mid indices', ""Sustainalytics' ESG data"", 'stainless steel scrap', 'national blue-chip indices', 'important first recognition', 'FSC®-certified forestry', 'energy efficiency improvements', 'green energy production', 'additional valuable insights', 'six production facilities', 'sustainable investment instruments', 'best ESG practices', 'Towards Sustainability label', 'Electrical steel capacity', 'Euronext Press Release', 'new index', 'ESG) performance', 'sustainable index', 'CAC® 40 ESG', 'MIB® ESG', 'AEX® ESG', 'OBX® ESG', 'specialty steel', 'The Netherlands', 'new segment', 'stainless, electrical', 'flat Stainless', 'global player', 'sustainable future', 'global leader', 'economic results', 'transparent communication', 'circular economy', 'major player', '2.5 million tonnes', 'industrial network', 'unique capability', 'special steels', '2.31 million tonnes', 'Company Secretary', 'Investor Relations', 'sustainability considerations', 'Sustainability Report', 'former ELG', 'services network', 'Thorsten Zimmermann', 'Julia Eisenmann', 'Aperam', 'Luxembourg', 'February', '09:00 CET', 'member', 'launch', 'companies', 'adoption', 'investors', 'France', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Brussels', 'environmental', 'governance', 'Febelfin', 'efforts', 'center', 'strategy', 'targets', 'need', 'creation', 'Renewables', 'acquisition', 'December', 'heart', 'sourcing', 'link', 'variety', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'nature', 'customers', '40 countries', 'business', '1 January', 'Specialties', 'Brazil', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'processing', 'biomass', 'Bioenergia', 'charcoal', 'collecting', 'trading', 'sales', 'shipments', 'website', 'Contact']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18625,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609333/0/en/ASM-MONICA-DE-VIRGILIIS-WILL-NOT-SEEK-SECOND-TERM-AS-SUPERVISORY-BOARD-MEMBER-AFTER-CURRENT-TERM.html,ASM MONICA DE VIRGILIIS WILL NOT SEEK SECOND TERM AS SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER AFTER CURRENT TERM,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CET        ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board......,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms Monica de Virgiliis has decided not to seek a second term as Supervisory Board member and that she will step down after her current term which will expire in May 2024.Pauline van der Meer Mohr  the Chair of the Supervisory Board  mentioned: “The accumulation of Monica’s current and future commitments have prompted this decision  which we understand and respect. The timing she chose is related to those commitments and allows the Board ample time to find a successor. I am very pleased that she is fully committed to fulfill her current term until next year May and that she will continue to make contributions to the company.”About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM’s website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.05,0.66,0.29,mixed,0.34,0.16,0.49,True,English,"['ASM MONICA DE', 'SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER', 'SECOND TERM', 'VIRGILIIS', 'Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ms Monica de Virgiliis', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'next year May', 'Supervisory Board member', 'market acceptance', 'second term', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'current term', 'The Netherlands', 'future commitments', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'The Company', 'Almere', 'February', '7:30 a', 'CET', 'Chair', 'decision', 'timing', 'time', 'successor', 'contributions', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'financing', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Investor']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18626,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BPOST-SA-NV-16193932/news/Bpost-selected-as-part-of-Euronext-s-new-Bel-ESG-index-43002867/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Bpost / : selected as part of Euronext's new Bel ESG index,(marketscreener.com)  bpost selected as part of Euronext's new Bel ESG index   As from today  bpost  Belgium's leading postal operator and a growing parcel & e-logistics partner in Europe  North America and Asia  is part of Euronext new BEL ESG Index. Thi…,"Wednesday 15 February 2023Today Euronext Brussels launched the BEL® ESG  a new share index identifying and tracking 20 listed companies within the BEL® 20 and the BEL® Mid indices that demonstrate the best Environment  Social and Governance (""ESG"") practices. The BEL® ESG Index aims to help investors identify companies that are leading the way to a more sustainable future by combining economic performance with ESG considerations.bpost has put forward an ambitious ESG strategy  based on five pillars  covering both Environmental and Social sustainability:​- Health & safety first​- Be a career lifter​- Diversity  equity & inclusion​- Decarbonize the e-commerce supply chain​- Re-use and re-cycle as part of a circular economyDesigned in partnership with Sustainalytics  a leading provider of ESG research  ratings and data  the BEL® ESG is fully compliant with the Belgian Central Labelling Agency's 'Towards Sustainability' label  a high-quality standard for sustainable financial products such as indices and funds. bpost sa has been rated by Sustainalytics since 2017 and obtained a ""Low Risk"" ESG Risk Rating in 2022.Press RelationsMULTI - Boulevard Anspachlaan 1 bus 1  1000 Brussels [email protected]bpost.be MULTI - Boulevard Anspachlaan 1 bus 1  1000 BrusselsPhilippe Dartienne  Chief Executive Officer a.i. bpostgroup commented: ""I'm extremely proud about the fact that today bpost has been selected to be part of the new BEL® ESG Index. It proves that our ESG efforts are well recognized and appreciated. Best and better environmental  social and governance practices are an integral part of our strategy and remain a fundamental priority going forward. We must play an active role in driving social change and our ambition is to become an industry benchmark for sustainability. ""Read more",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.19,0.11,True,English,"['new Bel ESG index', 'Bpost', 'part', 'Euronext', 'Low Risk"" ESG Risk Rating', 'Belgian Central Labelling Agency', 'The BEL® ESG Index', 'new BEL® ESG Index', 'new share index', 'Boulevard Anspachlaan 1 bus', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sustainable financial products', 'ambitious ESG strategy', 'BEL® Mid indices', 'better environmental, social', 'ESG"") practices', 'ESG considerations', 'ESG research', 'ESG efforts', 'sustainable future', 'economic performance', 'five pillars', 'career lifter', 'circular economy', 'leading provider', 'high-quality standard', 'Press RelationsMULTI', 'Philippe Dartienne', 'i. bpostgroup', 'fundamental priority', 'active role', 'social change', 'industry benchmark', 'Social sustainability', ""Sustainability' label"", '20 listed companies', 'governance practices', 'Euronext Brussels', 'bpost sa', 'integral part', 'BEL® 20', '1000 Brussels', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'investors', 'way', 'Health', 'safety', 'Diversity', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'partnership', 'Sustainalytics', 'ratings', 'data', 'funds', 'fact', 'Best', 'ambition']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18627,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000358.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1841 £ 23.9515 Estimated MTD return -0.29 % -0.25 % Estimated YTD return -2.11 % -1.94 % Estimated ITD return 171.84 % 139.52 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.60 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.4336 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.8301The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '60']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18628,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-provides-update-on-ema-regulatory-review-of-leniolisib-for-apds-in-europe-301748170.html,Pharming provides update on EMA regulatory review of leniolisib for APDS in Europe,"EMA Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib changed to standard review timetable LEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the Euro…","EMA Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib changed to standard review timetableLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) has decided to shift its assessment of the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib to a standard review timetable. Leniolisib is an oral selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor under regulatory review as a treatment for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS)  a rare primary immunodeficiency  in adolescents and adults 12 years of age and older.Pharming has received the list of questions from EMA which included a request to submit updated data from the ongoing long-term extension study collected after the interim analysis included in the original MAA. Based on the timetable for our responses  Pharming expects that CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.Sijmen de Vries  CEO of Pharming commented:""We are continuing to work with EMA through the MAA review process and remain dedicated to seeking regulatory approval of leniolisib within the European Economic Area. In the US  the FDA's priority review of the leniolisib NDA remains on track  with a PDUFA goal date of March 29  2023. We remain focused on achieving regulatory approvals and bringing leniolisib to patients living with APDS worldwide.""Following the grant of accelerated assessment in August 2022  EMA validated Pharming's MAA for leniolisib for scientific evaluation under an accelerated assessment by the CHMP in October 2022. The MAA is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III study of leniolisib  announced on February 2  2022  which met its co-primary endpoints of reduction in lymph node size and increase in percentage of naïve B cells in patients with APDS. Furthermore  safety data from the study showed that leniolisib was well tolerated by participants. Also submitted as part of the original MAA were data from a long-term  open-label extension clinical trial in patients with APDS treated with leniolisib.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Rao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546.2. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97.3. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.4. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.5. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.6. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.7. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.8. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan Metelenis E: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.com T: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan Caley E: Dan.caley@aprilsix.com T: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.22,True,English,"['EMA regulatory review', 'Pharming', 'update', 'leniolisib', 'APDS', 'Europe', 'long-term, open-label extension clinical trial', 'oral selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'ongoing long-term extension study', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'naïve B cells', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Phase II/III registration-enabling study', 'normal immune system function', 'EMA Marketing Authorisation Application', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Phase II/III study', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'European Economic Area', 'lymph node size', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'adaptive immune system', 'innate immune system', 'effective therapeutic target', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Human Medicinal Products', 'numerous cellular functions', 'protein replacement therapies', 'white blood cells', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'PDUFA goal date', 'permanent lung damage', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'standard review timetable', 'MAA review process', 'class IA PI3K', 'human trial', 'immune function', 'delta isoform', 'immune cells', 'primary endpoints', 'immune diseases', 'regulatory review', 'priority review', 'cell functions', 'precision medicines', 'gene therapies', 'hematopoietic cells', 'T cells', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'interim analysis', 'regulatory approval', 'scientific evaluation', 'Balanced signaling', 'progressive disease', 'genetic testing', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'cell survival', 'hematopoietic origin', 'central role', 'lesser extent', 'healthy subjects', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'original MAA', 'The MAA', 'updated data', 'positive data', 'safety data', 'accelerated assessment', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', 'cytokine production', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'leniolisib NDA', 'leniolisib MAA', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'Phase 1', 'PI3Kα', 'PI3Kβ', 'PI3Kγ', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'CHMP', 'treatment', 'APDS', 'adolescents', 'adults', '12 years', 'list', 'questions', 'request', 'responses', 'opinion', '2H', 'CEO', 'FDA', 'track', 'March', 'patients', 'grant', 'August', 'October', 'February', 'reduction', 'percentage', 'participants', 'million', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'symptoms', 'variety', 'conditions', 'lymphoma', 'conversion', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'B-cells', 'neutrophils', 'macrophages', 'valid', 'lives', 'biologics']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,prnewswire.co.uk
18629,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atos-entering-next-phase-discussions-055000176.html,Atos is Entering into Next Phase of Discussions with Airbus to Form a Long-Term Strategic and Technological Partnership and to Sell a Minority Stake in Evidian,Press release Atos is Entering into Next Phase of Discussions with Airbus to Form a Long-Term Strategic and Technological Partnership and to Sell a Minority ...,"Atos InternationalPress releaseAtos is Entering into Next Phase of Discussions with Airbusto Form a Long-Term Strategic and Technological Partnership and to Sell a Minority Stake in EvidianParis  France  February 16  2023 – Atos  a global leader in digital transformation  today announced that it has received an indicative offer from Airbus to enter into a long-term strategic and technological agreement and to acquire a minority stake of 29.9% in Evidian.This proposal is consistent with Atos’ separation plan announced during the June 14  2022  Capital Markets Day.Atos’ Board of Directors has decided to further engage with Airbus  conduct a due-diligence process and negotiate on mutually satisfactory terms on both a long-term strategic and technological partnership and the disposal of the 29.9% stake in Evidian.Atos does not intend to grant any exclusivity to Airbus  and no assurances can be made that the parties will successfully negotiate and enter into a definitive set of agreements. Atos remains committed to examining received indications of interest from partners that can support a major financial and industrial project.A potential long-term strategic and technological agreement with significant sustainable value creationEvidian is a leading digital transformation partner and a leading European player in the big data  cybersecurity and high-performance computing sectors with established and emerging offerings centered around deep expertise and proprietary technology. With Airbus as a potential anchor shareholder and with a long-term strategic and technological agreement  Evidian would strengthen its European leadership and global reach in cloud  advanced computing  digital security and digitalization.The proposed agreement would enable both companies to leverage each of their world-class talents  expertise and customer base to generate cross-selling opportunities and enter into new attractive markets by providing unique sovereign digital solutions from secure cloud to data management and security. In addition  combining Airbus’ capabilities with Evidian’s global leading position in managed security services and supercomputing would create a unique European actor in cybersecurity solutions and in the digitalization of the defense sector  public safety and critical national infrastructure.Story continuesBertrand Meunier  Chairman of the Board of Directors  Atos  stated: ""Airbus’ interest in becoming an anchor shareholder is an acknowledgement of Evidian’s unique capabilities in an increasingly complex digital environment with heightened security challenges. Through this proposed large-scale partnership  we would accelerate Evidian’s industrial project and future growth while ensuring technological sovereignty in France and in Europe in the critical fields of cloud  advanced computing  cybersecurity and digitalization. Atos  including Evidian’s teams  and Airbus have a long history of collaboration and share common values  and  going forward  they would continue to foster innovation and excellence.”Atos confirms that the Group is on track with its strategic transformation project as announced during its Capital Markets Day.Atos will publish its results for the fiscal year 2022 on February 28  2023.###About Evidian“Evidian”  which designs the scope composed of Atos’ digital  big data and security business lines  will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a new generation digital player with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 60 000 world-class talents  Evidian expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Evidian is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 112 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactsAnette Rey | anette.rey@atos.net | +33 (0)6 69 79 84 88Anne Méaux | ameaux@Image7.fr | +33 (0)6 89 87 61 76Arnaud Dupui-Castérès | arnaud.dupuicasteres@vae-solis.com | +33 (0)6 14 17 97 90Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.19,0.35,True,English,"['Next Phase', 'Long-Term Strategic', 'Technological Partnership', 'Minority Stake', 'Atos', 'Discussions', 'Airbus', 'Evidian', 'Arnaud Dupui-Castérès', 'significant sustainable value creation', 'new generation digital player', 'leading digital transformation partner', 'unique sovereign digital solutions', 'new attractive markets', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'Capital Markets Day', 'leading European player', 'worldwide leading positions', 'Anne Méaux', 'complex digital environment', 'full digital continuum', 'unique European actor', 'critical national infrastructure', 'potential anchor shareholder', 'heightened security challenges', 'security business lines', 'unique high-end technologies', 'high-performance computing sectors', 'potential long-term strategic', 'strategic transformation project', 'Atos’ separation plan', 'digital, big data', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group business', 'unique capabilities', 'digital security', 'decarbonized digital', 'end solutions', 'European leadership', 'critical fields', 'digital future', 'European number', 'industrial project', 'advanced computing', 'Press release', 'Next Phase', 'Technological Partnership', 'indicative offer', 'due-diligence process', 'satisfactory terms', 'definitive set', 'major financial', 'emerging offerings', 'proprietary technology', 'world-class talents', 'customer base', 'cross-selling opportunities', 'data management', 'defense sector', 'public safety', 'Bertrand Meunier', 'large-scale partnership', 'technological sovereignty', 'long history', 'common values', 'fiscal year', 'public authorities', 'annual revenue', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'Press contacts', 'Image7.fr', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'global leader', 'global reach', 'technological agreement', 'Minority Stake', 'security services', 'future growth', 'decarbonization services', 'deep expertise', 'Euronext Paris', 'technological excellence', 'Atos International', 'atos.net', 'Airbus’ capabilities', 'secure cloud', 'Anette Rey', 'Atos’ Board', 'Airbus’ interest', '29.9% stake', 'Discussions', 'Evidian', 'France', 'February', 'proposal', 'June', 'Directors', 'disposal', 'exclusivity', 'assurances', 'parties', 'agreements', 'indications', 'established', 'digitalization', 'companies', 'addition', 'supercomputing', 'Chairman', 'acknowledgement', 'teams', 'collaboration', 'innovation', 'track', 'results', 'scope', 'trusted', 'industries', '53 countries', 'possibilities', 'enterprises', '112,000 employees', 'tailored', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'ameaux', 'solis', '6']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18630,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000611.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1841 £ 23.9515 Estimated MTD return -0.29 % -0.25 % Estimated YTD return -2.11 % -1.94 % Estimated ITD return 171.84 % 139.52 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.60 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.4336 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.8301The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '60']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-European-exchanges-collaborate-for-the-provision-of-a-consolidated-tape-in-the-Euro-43002146/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Deutsche Börse : European exchanges collaborate for the provision of a consolidated tape in the European Union,(marketscreener.com)  Release date: 16 Feb 2023| Deutsche Börse   European exchanges collaborate for the provision of a consolidated tape in the European Union        Today  fourteen European exchange groups  present in twenty-six¹ Member States o…,Release date: 16 Feb 2023 | Deutsche BörseToday  fourteen European exchange groups  present in twenty-six¹ Member States of the EU  announced a joint initiative to participate in the future selection process for the provision of a consolidated tape (CT) for equities in the European Union. The project responds to the European Commission's proposal for an equities tape to contribute to the development of the Capital Markets Union.The participating exchanges - cornerstones of financial markets across Europe with decades of experience in operating critical market infrastructure - have signed a term sheet to establish a joint venture that will evaluate and prepare an application as a CT provider in a future selection process. The participants are recognised specialists in supplying reliable and high-quality market data and are well-positioned to deliver a CT quickly  efficiently  and to the highest operational standards.The project will focus on providing a tape designed to provide a comprehensive  standardised and consistent source of market data and will seek to collaborate with regulators to develop the optimal solution for investors.Through this joint venture  the participating exchanges  as key players in the EU's capital markets ecosystem  are reiterating their commitment to fostering the EU's open strategic autonomy.¹ All EU member states except SlovakiaForward-Looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to the formation of a joint venture by the participating exchanges and the potential benefits of the joint venture. We caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties or other factors beyond the control of the joint venture participants. These factors include  but are not limited to factors detailed in a joint venture participant's annual report on Form 10-K and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  if any. The joint venture participants undertake no obligation to release any revisions to any forward-looking statements.Notes to editorsJoint Venture participants:Athens Stock ExchangeBucharest Stock ExchangeBudapest Stock ExchangeBulgarian Stock ExchangeCyprus Stock ExchangeDeutsche Börse GroupEuronext  incorporating:Borsa ItalianaEuronext AmsterdamEuronext BrusselsEuronext DublinEuronext LisbonEuronext ParisOslo BørsLuxembourg Stock ExchangeMalta Stock ExchangeNasdaq  incorporating:Nasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenNasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq IcelandNasdaq RigaNasdaq TallinnNasdaq VilniusSIX Group  incorporating:BME ExchangeWarsaw Stock ExchangeWiener Börse  incorporating:Prague Stock ExchangeVienna Stock ExchangeZagreb Stock Exchange  including:Ljubljana Stock ExchangeFor more information on the project  please contact:press@ct-project.euNiels Tomm (Deutsche Boerse)+49 17 23 00 96 40orErik Gruvfors (Nasdaq)+46 73 44 97 812Andrea Monzani (Euronext)+39 33 51 30 98 45,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.2,0.44,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'European exchanges', 'consolidated tape', 'European Union', 'provision', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Budapest Stock Exchange Bulgarian Stock Exchange', 'U.S. Securities', 'fourteen European exchange groups', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'Bucharest Stock Exchange', 'Cyprus Stock Exchange', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Malta Stock Exchange', 'Warsaw Stock Exchange', 'Prague Stock Exchange', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Zagreb Stock Exchange', 'Ljubljana Stock Exchange', 'Wiener Börse', 'Oslo Børs', 'twenty-six¹ Member States', 'highest operational standards', 'open strategic autonomy', 'future selection process', 'critical market infrastructure', 'capital markets ecosystem', 'Capital Markets Union', 'high-quality market data', 'joint venture participant', 'EU member states', 'Exchange Commission', 'BME Exchange', 'European Union', 'SIX Group', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'European Commission', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'joint initiative', 'Release date', 'participating exchanges', 'term sheet', 'comprehensive, standardised', 'consistent source', 'optimal solution', 'key players', 'press release', 'potential benefits', 'Actual results', 'annual report', 'Form 10-K', 'periodic reports', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Niels Tomm', 'Erik Gruvfors', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'Nasdaq Riga', 'Nasdaq Tallinn', 'Nasdaq Vilnius', 'Forward-Looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'Euronext Paris', 'consolidated tape', 'CT provider', 'other factors', 'equities tape', 'participants', 'provision', 'project', 'proposal', 'development', 'cornerstones', 'decades', 'experience', 'operating', 'application', 'specialists', 'reliable', 'regulators', 'investors', 'commitment', 'Slovakia', 'meaning', 'respect', 'formation', 'guarantees', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'Notes', 'editors', '16', '49']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18632,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-reports-full-2022-revenue-060000694.html,Valneva Reports Full Year 2022 Revenue and Cash  Provides First 2023 Guidance,Total revenues of €361.3 million in 2022 were ahead of previously communicated guidance of €340 million to €360 million1 (compared to €348.1 million in 2021)...,"VALNEVATotal revenues of €361.3 million in 2022 were ahead of previously communicated guidance of €340 million to €360 million1 (compared to €348.1 million in 2021)Driven by Product Sales of €114.8 million (82.3% increase compared to 2021)  including€85.2 million of travel vaccine sales and €29.6 million of COVID-19 vaccine sales€246.5 million of Other Revenues mainly driven by revenue recognition related to previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreementsStrong cash position of €289.4 million at December 31  2022Raised over €190 million in equity: €102.9 million of gross proceeds from an upsized global offering 2 in a challenging economic environment €90.5 ($95) million equity investment by PfizerIncluded drawing of a total of $40 million from Deerfield & OrbiMed loan agreement3Full year 2023 sales guidance€130 million to €150 million product sales  including marginal COVID-19 vaccine sales under an existing supply agreement with the Kingdom of BahrainSaint-Herblain (France)  February 16  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today reported its revenue and cash balance for the full year 2022 and provided first full year 2023 sales guidance. The Company will report its 2022 audited consolidated financial statements on March 23  2023.Peter Bühler  Valneva’s Chief Financial Officer  commented  “In 2022  Valneva successfully executed on key strategic objectives despite a difficult economic environment. After achieving clinical and regulatory success  we decided to wind-down our COVID-19 activities and focus on our lead programs. We were agile in reactivating production of our commercial vaccines to capitalize on the travel industry recovery. We also managed to strengthen our cash and our shareholder base  attracting leading investors and maintaining the support of our existing shareholders. With close to €290 million in cash  we entered 2023 in a strong position to support expected commercial growth and R&D programs.”Story continuesRevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €361.3 million in 2022 compared to €348.1 million in 2021  an increase of 3.8%.Valneva’s total product sales reached €114.8 million in 2022 compared to €63.0 million in 2021  an increase of 82.3%. This was driven by a continued recovery of travel vaccine sales that surpassed expectations (€85.2 million vs. guidance of €70 to €80 million) complemented by COVID-19 vaccine sales in Europe and Bahrain (€29.6 million). On a constant exchange rate (CER) basis  product sales increased by 66.7% in 2022 as compared to 2021.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €41.3 million in 2022 compared to €45.1 million in 2021  a decrease of 8.4% (18.6% at CER)  driven by lower sales to the U.S. Department of Defense. This decrease was partly offset by the significant recovery of the private travel markets  with IXIARO®/JESPECT® private sales reaching €28.8 million in 2022 compared to €7.1 million in 2021.DUKORAL® sales were €17.3 million in 2022 compared to €2.4 million in 2021  an increase of 610.3% (629.2% at CER)  also benefitting from the significant recovery in the private travel markets.Third Party product sales grew to €26.5 million in 2022 compared to €15.4 million in 2021  an increase of 72.1%.Other Revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services  amounted to €246.5 million in 2022 compared to €285.1 million in 2021. These were mainly driven by revenue recognition related to previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreements.LiquidityCash and cash equivalents were €289.4 million as of December 31  2022  compared to €346.7 million as of December 31  2021. This included €102.9 million of gross proceeds from an upsized global offering completed in October 2022  €90.5 ($95) million from an equity investment by Pfizer completed in June 2022 as well as drawing of a total of $40 million from the Deerfield & OrbiMed loan agreement.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to expected total revenues and product sales for full fiscal year 2023. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  including but not limited to the HMG Supply Agreement  and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the occurrence of any of which could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2022 Results and Provides Corporate Updates - Valneva2 Valneva Announces Closing of Upsized €102.9 Million Global Offering - Valneva3 Valneva Announces Upsized Financing Arrangement with Leading US Healthcare Funds Deerfield and OrbiMed - ValnevaAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.24,0.54,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Revenue', 'First 2023 Guidance', 'Valneva', 'Cash', 'previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreements', 'first full year 2023 sales guidance', 'significant unmet medical need', '2022 audited consolidated financial statements', 'marginal COVID-19 vaccine sales', 'Third Party product sales', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® private sales', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales', 'existing supply agreement', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'private travel markets', 'travel vaccine sales', 'challenging economic environment', 'OrbiMed loan agreement3', 'Peter Bühler', 'key strategic objectives', 'difficult economic environment', 'constant exchange rate', 'U.S. Department', 'full fiscal year', 'specialty vaccine company', 'European Investor Relations', '150 million product sales', 'travel industry recovery', 'Global Investor Relations', 'R&D programs', 'upsized global offering', 'million equity investment', 'total product sales', 'Strong cash position', 'COVID-19 activities', 'vaccine science', 'strong position', 'lower sales', 'DUKORAL® sales', 'significant recovery', 'vaccine development', 'vaccine candidates', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'The Company', 'lead programs', 'existing shareholders', 'Global Communications', 'Ph.D.', 'continued recovery', 'gross proceeds', 'Euronext Paris', 'regulatory success', 'commercial vaccines', 'shareholder base', 'leading investors', 'commercial growth', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'three vaccines', 'broad range', 'Lyme disease', 'chikungunya virus', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Joshua Drumm', 'press release', 'Valneva Investor', 'Other Revenues', 'revenue recognition', 'cash balance', 'cash equivalents', 'Total revenues', 'infectious diseases', 'CER) basis', 'Valneva SE', '82.3% increase', 'December', 'Pfizer', 'drawing', 'Deerfield', 'Kingdom', 'Bahrain', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'VLA', 'March', 'clinical', 'production', 'support', 'Story', 'expectations', 'decrease', 'Defense', 'collaborations', 'licensing', 'services', 'Liquidity', 'October', 'June', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'VP', 'business', 'respect', 'add', '95', '€']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18633,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/EVS-Broadcast-Equipment-The-press-release-43011063/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,EVS Broadcast Equipment : The press release,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Publication on February 17  2023  before market opening   Regulated information - Press release annual results   EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters    EVS reports 2022 res…,"EVS Broadcast Equipment : The press release 02/16/2023 | 02:19pm EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE Publication on February 17  2023  before market opening Regulated information - Press release annual results EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR) EVS reports 2022 results Liège  Belgium  February 17th  2023 EVS delivers record revenue and order intake results The results of 2022 are entirely supporting the growth ambitions of EVS. All the fundamentals for topline performance are strong: EVS realizes a record-high order intake and achieves a historical revenue number  despite the increased delivery terms in 2022. EVS is able to demonstrate a strong net profit result and as a consequence  realizes a solid Earnings Per Share. FY22 Highlights Record order intake at EUR 218 8 million  growing 46 5% YoY.Revenue performance in line with expectations at EUR 148 2 million  growing 7 7% vs. FY21 despite increased delivery terms announced early 2022 and despite reduced Big Event Rental (BER) activity. The growth is realized through strong growth in North America and in the MediaInfra solution.Controlled OPEX growth  in line with market expectations.Healthy net profit at EUR 31 3 million driven by a strong financial income performance and a one-off benefit in taxes  resulting in fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2 29. 2H22 Highlights Record order intake of EUR 130 1 million (including Big Tech 2022 contract).Revenue for the second half of 2022 at EUR 80 5 million  growing 6 1% compared to the same period last year. o Big Event Rental revenue at EUR 4 2 million  down EUR 4 9 million compared to 2H21.o Revenue excluding Big Event Rental at EUR 76 3 million  growing EUR 9 5 million.Big Event Rental revenue at EUR 4 2 million  down EUR 4 9 million compared to 2H21. Revenue excluding Big Event Rental at EUR 76 3 million  growing EUR 9 5 million. Net profit amounts to EUR 15 9 million  leading to fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 1 14. Outlook 2023 The important order intake of 2022 has considerably fueled the order book to be delivered in future periods. The total order book at the end of 2022 is of EUR 141 8 million  growing 122% compared to last year.o The order book reserved for 2023 is estimated at EUR 85 9 million  growing 68 4% compared to beginning of the year 2022.The order book reserved for 2023 is estimated at EUR 85 9 million  growing 68 4% compared to beginning of the year 2022. Based on the order book and current market dynamics  the revenue guidance for the year 2023 is set at EUR 145-155 million.The revenue range demonstrates the ambition of EVS to continue the organic growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental revenue.145-155 million.The revenue range demonstrates the ambition of EVS to continue the organic growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental revenue. With the growth engine launched  the focus in 2023 for EVS will be on profitable growth.EVS plans no further growth in team members nor do we expect an increase in our capital expenditure envelope.We expect to pay out dividends in 2023 in line with our dividend policy  namely a base dividend per share of EUR 1 10. 1 / 23 PRESS RELEASE Key figures EUR millions  except earnings per share expressed in EUR 2H22 2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue 80 5 75 8 4 7 148 2 137 6 10 6 Gross profit 53 0 53 2 -0 2 98 8 95 8 3 0 Gross margin % 65 8% 70 3% -4 5 Pts 66 7% 69 6% -2 9 Pts Operating profit - EBIT 16 0 21 7 -5 7 31 7 37 1 -5 4 Operating margin - EBIT % 19 9% 28 6% -8 7 Pts 21 4% 27 0% -5 6 Pts Net profit (Group share) 15 9 19 3 -3 5 31 3 34 9 -3 6 Fully diluted EPS (Group share) 1 14 1 42 -0 28 2 29 2 57 -0 28 Comments Serge Van Herck  CEO comments: ""I'm proud to say that 2022 was again quite a successful year for EVS. Our PlayForward strategy  as defined at the end of 2019  is starting to deliver the expected growth momentum. In 2022  we had a second record year in a row  with strong growth in revenues  order intake  and team member size. We showed significant growth in North America  announced our largest contract ever in August with the ""Big Tech 22 contract"" worth over 50MioUSD  and successfully fought against inflation and component shortages throughout the year. We feel we are winning market share in our Live Audience Business and protecting our position in the Live Service Providers markets. We successfully supported many of our customers in delivering the live TV production of major sports events in Asia  the Middle East  and North America. The growth of our team is clearly unlocking our sustainable growth ambitions. Our strong employer branding has enabled us to successfully hire strong talent across the world. Our team member engagement survey shows again further improvements compared to the years before  resulting in our recent ""Top Employer"" certification. We are making good progress in our vision of developing a strong ecosystem relying on our VIA platform as we are successfully moving from product to solution sales. Our introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in XtraMotion is a revolution in the industry and it represents a major differentiator. The Axon acquisition in May 2020 has translated into our Media Infrastructure revenue growth and positively contributes to our bottom line  demonstrating our capability to execute successfully large acquisitions. We have also launched our new ERP and upgraded our VIA Portal applications such as our customer ticketing system to support our long-term growth ambitions. In line with our commitments  we continued to deliver strong dividends for our shareholders. Our sustainability strategy has started to deliver strong results aligned with our customer's expectations  and resulting in good ESG ratings like the Ecovadis Silver medal. We completed our first carbon footprint analysis: this will be a critical management tool for taking the right sustainability decisions in the future. In conclusion  our PlayForward strategy  is clearly being appreciated by our customers and channel partners. This is helping us to get back into growth mode. While economic market conditions remain very challenging with high inflation  2 / 23 PRESS RELEASE component shortages and with the war in Ukraine  we feel that our customers increasingly appreciate the reliability  performance and innovative edge of our solutions and services. Our ambition for the next years is to continue to deliver growth on both our top and bottomline. We are convinced that by focusing on cost control we will be able to deliver upon this promise."" Commenting on the results and the outlook  Veerle De Wit  CFO  said: ""Our 2022 revenue results clearly demonstrate our ability to achieve organic growth. Even despite increased delivery terms  announced early 2022  and with a declining Big Event Rental revenue  we are able to realize a strong top line performance. All indicators lead us to conclude that this organic growth is here to stay: the revenue performance  together with the strong secured revenue position for 2023  are a solid basis to continue our growth path. Being a company in growth mode  means that the necessary resources need to be invested to support this growth: 2022 has been a year where we invested in additional resources  in new product developments  and in the back-bone of our operations. This backbone  a globally released new ERP system  has allowed us to optimize our processes and refine our cost control. As a result  the granularity of our reporting is improving  which has led to a decision to write off EUR 0 7 million of Bill of Material costs in 4Q22. Our operational expenses grew in a controlled way. Control over our spending patterns remains an attention point for 2023  especially in the current volatile market. Thanks to sound treasury management and tax benefits  we are able to generate a strong Net Profit worth EUR 31 3 million  driving a diluted Earnings Per Share of EUR 2 29. Our balance sheet also remains healthy with a very low debt level and a sound cash position. Our cash position is declining throughout 2022  as a consequence of high dividends paid  and as a consequence on increased Net Working Capital requirements. The impact on Net Working Capital is temporary: the implementation of the new ERP system has created a delay in invoicing in the fourth quarter - the quarter with the highest volume - resulting in a large volume of receivables not due at the end of 2022. This is a temporary effect  that will normalize early in 2023  as soon as the invoices become due. Based on the strong results for the year 2022  we are able to maintain our dividend policy defined earlier in 2022."" Market & customers The record high numbers in terms of revenues  order intake and order book translate the market traction that EVS is living. Our main growth drivers are North America and Media Infrastructure. The performance of our MediaInfra solution clearly demonstrates the power of our acquisition strategy. It is the fruit of our investment in Axon in 2020  and this acquisition demonstrates its return on investment 2 years later. The high order intake is also thanks to our biggest contract signed in the history of EVS: our Big Tech 2022. This contract proved an exceptional milestone in the history of EVS. This contract is a 10-year agreement that covers the delivery of EVS' live production  replay and highlight solutions LiveCeption®  combined with a long-term services level agreement. The contract provides our US based customer access to the latest technology innovations for the next 10 years  a full upgrade of its installed base  a predictable operational spend and an ease of operations. 2022 was a year with important Big Events  that EVS was able to support successfully. New solutions  like MediaHub and MediaInfra Strada  were introduced in our Big Event Rental business with success. Market conditions have been challenging throughout the year  with volatile interest rates  inflation and a continued erratic components market. This volatile market has urged EVS to implement a systemic price increase policy. Twice a year the sales prices are evaluated based on the underlying cost for components and inflation of labour cost. EVS has introduced 2 price increases in 2022: a first one in February 2022  and a second one in September 2022. The price increase policy aims to guarantee the overall profitability of the solutions of EVS. The erratic components market also forced EVS to extend its delivery periods early 2022 and to change the supply chain approach. However  as most components suffer longer lead-times  EVS has pro-actively invested in inventory to ensure these delivery terms are met. 3 / 23 PRESS RELEASE EVS has received many awards in 2022  and this for different business dimensions. Ranging from technology awards (Neuron Protect Best of Show Award at the NAB Show)  to Wallonia International Business Awards  to IABM Environmental Sustainability award  to Top Employer Certification 2023. Three years after the PLAYForward strategic exercise that has moved the focus from products to solutions  we can confidently say that this solution driven approach is highly appreciated by our customers and contributes to the differentiation reflected in the order book. Technologies During 2022  new generation of AI products did surface on the market. EVS continues to invest in the development of specific machine learning algorithms for broadcast specific components and also integrates in parallel existing AI technologies or libraries inside the solution portfolio or the workflows deployed for our customers. EVS also further developed and evangelized this year the concept of ""Balanced computing"" as the best distribution of the computing workload between on-prem  datacenter and public cloud based on the economic benefits and the technical constraints for a specific workflow. This concept has been well received by the market where some players start to discover the limitations in terms of feature and the significant impact on Total Cost of Ownership for the production of premium events. EVS also currently invests in the development of important solution components that will be later embraced in the different solutions. Thanks to the capability to track the benefits brought by these components in the future  these developments are activated. These developments will contribute to the future sustainable growth of EVS. Corporate topics 2022 marks the moment where the Axon acquisition really starts to pay off for EVS. The initial assumptions made in terms of greographical expansion of the market are becoming a reality. Also the developments made to ensure end-to- end integration with EVS products demonstrate the complementarity of this company within the EVS portfolio. It comforts us in our Acquisition strategy and our ability to integrate companies. One of the axes of the PLAYforward strategy is improving our internal way of working. As a company we want to ensure that we have efficient processes in place that promote end-to-end collabration across all our departments. Having an efficient operational back-bone is important in that context. In October 2022  EVS launched a new global ERP system to ensure optimimal functioning of our company. The launch was a success and did not cause any major business interruption: shipping  production and support were active as of day 1. We now have a solid base to continously optimize our processes and ensure an optimal team member and customer experience. Speaking about improved processes  2022 is also the year where we first implemented a systemic listprice adjustment. The market conditions require a clear methodology to offset the impact of rising component prices and increasing inflation over labour costs. EVS now evaluates the need for price adjustments twice a year to protect the margin generation of the company. 2022 is also the year where we continue to expand our sustainability efforts in terms of ESG. After a first hollistic report published in 2021  we continue to structure our efforts in terms of sustainability. Our current ESG strategy and reporting has already received postive feedback from the market: we received a silver medal from Ecovadis  obtained encouriging score from other rating companies and recently obtained the certification of Top Employer for 2023. By the end of 2022  we also realized our first EVS Carbon Footprint analysis: it provides us not only insight on our direct and indirect CO2 emissions  but most importantly  helps us to define our roadmap to reduce our carbon footprint in the future. EVS also reinvented the way it collaborates with its channel partners. A structured channel partner program has been developed  focused on sustainable relationships with partners more than on opportunistic market responses  starting to develop certification paths and clear objectives. This program allows EVS to reach a broader set of clients and even penetrate new markets. Being a company in growth mode  EVS further invested in additional team members. Additional resources were primarily allocated to support and operations roles  as to fuel our future growth  and some research and development resources  4 / 23 PRESS RELEASE as to staff some important developments ensuring future growth. Thanks to a strong employer branding  EVS was able to attract this high number of talents in a relatively short time frame. Also to support our future growth ambition  EVS further strengthened its leadership team  early 2022. A new CTO  Alex Redfern  was welcomed and Xavier Orri was named EVP of Projects & Operations. Revenue in 2H22 and FY22 In 2H22  EVS revenue reached EUR 80 5 million: an increase of EUR 4 7 million or 6 2% compared to 2H21  despite a drop of EUR 4 2 million on Big Event Rentals. At constant currency  revenue decreased by 1.6% YoY. Revenue - EUR millions 2H22 2H21 2H22/2H21 Total reported 80 5 75 8 6 0% Total at constant currency 74 7 75 8 -1.6% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 70 5 66 8 5.6% For the full year 2022  EVS revenue reached EUR 148 2 million: an increase of EUR 10 6 million or 7 7% compared to 2021  despite a drop of EUR 3 7 million on Big Event Rentals and despite an increased delivery term announced early 2022. This performance demonstrates the organic growth realized in 2022. At constant currency  revenue increased by 3 5% YoY. Revenue - EUR millions FY22 FY21 FY22/FY21 Total reported 148 158 137 578 7 7% Total at constant currency 142 382 137 578 3.5% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 132 532 124 044 6.8% Currency fluctuations primarily impact EVS revenues by the EUR/USD conversion  which can have a significant impact on our results even if EUR/USD fluctuations also impact the cost of our US operations and partially our cost of goods sold. In the second half of the year  (excl. Big Event Rentals) LSP represented 40% (31% in 2H21) of the revenue  LAB 55% (57% in 2H21). Geographically  revenues (excl. Big Event Rentals) are distributed in 2H22 as follows: Europe  Middle East and Africa (EMEA): EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21)EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21) Americas (NALA): EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21)EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21) Asia & Pacific (APAC): EUR 11 3 million (EUR 13 4 million in 2H21)  impacted by the slowdown in the region following COVID implications (primarily in China). The order intake for APAC in 2H22 do recomfort us that this trend can be reversed. Overall 2022 results Consolidated gross margin was at 66 7% for FY22  compared to 69 6% in FY21 (-2 9 Pts) explained by different drivers: Important investments in the operations & support department to ensure we continue to deliver quality support all over the world  in line with our growth patterns (representing -1 4 Pts)-1 4 Pts) Impact of the change in solution mix is representing -1.1 Pts following the relative weight of Media Infrastructure in the overall portfolio. 5 / 23 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer EVS Broadcast Equipment SA published this content on 17 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 16 February 2023 19:18:08 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about EVS BROADCAST EQUIPMENT SA 02:19p Evs Broadcast Equipment : The press release PU 02/02 Evs Full Year 2022 Results to be Announced on Friday 17 February 2023 GL 02/02 Evs Full Year 2022 Results to be Announced on Friday 17 February 2023 AQ 02/02 Evs Broadcast Equipment : The conference call details PU 2022 LucidLink and EVS Partner to Cloud Enable Live Sports  Entertainment  and Breaking News.. CI 2022 Evs Broadcast Equipment : launches IPD-VIA Create web-based editing application PU 2022 Evs Broadcast Equipment : ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE trusts EVS for live production  replays .. PU 2022 EVS BROADCAST EQUIPMENT SA : Ex-dividend day for interim divi.. FA 2022 Evs Broadcast Equipment : Q3 2022 Business Update PU 2022 Evs Broadcast Equipment : The EN version PU",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.23,0.13,True,English,"['EVS Broadcast Equipment', 'press release', '2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue', 'Big Event Rental (BER) activity', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'recent ""Top Employer"" certification', 'Live Service Providers markets', 'Big Event Rental revenue', 'team member engagement survey', 'strong financial income performance', 'strong net profit result', 'Live Audience Business', 'live TV production', 'Big Tech 2022 contract', 'Big Tech 22 contract', 'strong employer branding', 'multiple email addresses', 'capital expenditure envelope', 'Serge Van Herck', 'team member size', 'major sports events', 'historical revenue number', 'record-high order intake', 'important order intake', 'Healthy net profit', 'current market dynamics', 'Record order intake', 'total order book', 'PRESS RELEASE Publication', 'sustainable growth ambitions', 'order intake results', 'second record year', 'record revenue', 'Revenue performance', 'revenue guidance', 'revenue range', 'strong talent', 'strong ecosystem', 'topline performance', 'largest contract', 'strong growth', 'second half', 'team members', '23 PRESS RELEASE', '10,6 Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'Liège', 'delivery terms', 'North America', 'MediaInfra solution', 'one-off benefit', 'same period', 'future periods', 'base dividend', 'Key figures', '3,0 Gross margin', 'Operating margin', 'PlayForward strategy', 'component shortages', 'Middle East', 'good progress', 'OPEX growth', 'organic growth', 'growth engine', 'profitable growth', 'growth momentum', 'significant growth', 'annual results', 'market expectations', 'market share', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'First name', '2H22 Highlights', 'CEO comments', 'last year', 'successful year', 'Group share', 'solid Earnings', '2022 results', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'February', 'information', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'fundamentals', 'consequence', 'taxes', 'Outlook', 'beginning', 'focus', 'increase', 'dividends', 'policy', 'Pts', 'EBIT', 'EPS', 'revenues', 'August', '50MioUSD', 'inflation', 'position', 'customers', 'Asia', 'world', 'improvements', 'years', 'vision', 'VIA']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18634,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/deezer-enters-long-term-partnership-with-sonos-to-power-content-for-sonos-radio-worldwide-301748658.html,Deezer enters long-term partnership with Sonos to power content for Sonos Radio worldwide,Deezer will deliver key services for the Sonos music experience while supporting continued innovation. PARIS  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Deezer (Paris Euronext: DEEZR) today announced a long-term partnership with Sonos to power the brand's streaming radio …,"Deezer will deliver key services for the Sonos music experience while supporting continued innovation.PARIS  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Deezer (Paris Euronext: DEEZR) today announced a long-term partnership with Sonos to power the brand's streaming radio service Sonos Radio and its subscription service Sonos Radio HD  delivering an expansive catalog of music that's curated for Sonos customers. The collaboration aligns with Deezer's strategy of focusing on partnership-led expansion to deliver growth opportunities in the US and other markets globally.Deezer enters long-term partnership with Sonos to power content for Sonos Radio worldwide""This is the start of a very exciting journey for Deezer and Sonos. Through this partnership Deezer can reach new listeners in major markets around the world  including the US."" said Jeronimo Folgueira  CEO  Deezer. ""Sonos has revolutionized the way we enjoy music and audio in our homes  with exceptional multi-room speakers  fantastic sound quality and thoughtfully curated Sonos Radio services. We can't wait to play a key role in expanding this great customer offering.""Beginning April 2023  Deezer will deliver key services for Sonos Radio and Sonos Radio HD  including a catalog of 90 million tracks  metadata  licensing  reporting & royalty management  business intelligence & data  as well as strategic collaboration for growth and monetization of the service. Deezer and Sonos will deliver services to 16 countries worldwide  including the US  Canada  the UK  France and Germany. In addition  Deezer will support ongoing innovation to develop and expand the Sonos music experience  exploring new ways to give listeners around the world an easy way to discover music and soundtrack their day.""Delivering a best in class branded content experience for our customers is an essential part of our long-term growth strategy and Deezer continues to be an excellent partner for supporting our ambitious goals to help the world listen better "" said Patrick Spence  CEO at Sonos. ""As a pioneer in music streaming  Deezer has a proven track record in developing and growing a music service globally and I look forward to working together to improve the overall listening experience for our customers.""With a highly competitive product  disruptive innovation and features  as well as undisputed editorial and music industry expertise  Deezer puts partnerships at the heart of its market expansion strategy  supporting more than 45 partners and 80 hardware integrations worldwide.Deezer has continuously collaborated with Sonos as a key innovation partner  launching an early HiFi offer and most recently providing seamless integration with Sonos Voice Control . The Deezer experience on Sonos includes an easy-to-use interface with unique Deezer features such as Flow  an AI based recommendation engine which lets the listener choose music based on moods.About DeezerDeezer is one of the largest independent music streaming platforms in the world  with more than 90 million tracks available in 180 countries  providing access to lossless HiFi audio  innovative recommendation technology and industry defining features. As the home of music  Deezer brings artists and fans together on a scalable and global platform  to unlock the full potential of music through technology. Founded in 2007 in Paris  Deezer is now a global company with a team of over 600 people based in France  Germany  UK  Brazil and the US  all brought together by their passion for music  technology and innovation. Deezer is listed on the Professional Segment of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DEEZR) (ISIN: FR001400AYG6) and is also part of the newly-created Euronext Tech Leaders segment  dedicated to European high-growth tech companies  and its associated index.For the latest news on Deezer go to https://www.deezer-blog.com/press/ .Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn for the latest news.Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2004017/Deezer_Sonos_partnership.jpgLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1853552/Deezer_Logo.jpgSOURCE Deezer",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['long-term partnership', 'Sonos Radio', 'Deezer', 'content', 'largest independent music streaming platforms', 'European high-growth tech companies', 'class branded content experience', 'Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'overall listening experience', 'exceptional multi-room speakers', 'fantastic sound quality', 'great customer offering', 'proven track record', 'early HiFi offer', 'industry defining features', 'lossless HiFi audio', 'music industry expertise', 'streaming radio service', 'market expansion strategy', 'Sonos Voice Control', 'The Deezer experience', 'Sonos Radio HD', 'innovative recommendation technology', 'Sonos music experience', 'key innovation partner', 'long-term growth strategy', 'unique Deezer features', 'Sonos Radio services', 'Professional Segment', 'partnership-led expansion', 'excellent partner', 'recommendation engine', 'key services', 'key role', 'Paris Euronext', 'Euronext Paris', 'continued innovation', 'long-term partnership', 'subscription service', 'growth opportunities', 'other markets', 'exciting journey', 'major markets', 'Jeronimo Folgueira', '90 million tracks', 'royalty management', 'business intelligence', 'ongoing innovation', 'new ways', 'ambitious goals', 'Patrick Spence', 'competitive product', 'disruptive innovation', 'undisputed editorial', '80 hardware integrations', 'seamless integration', 'global platform', 'full potential', 'global company', 'associated index', 'latest news', 'music service', 'expansive catalog', 'new listeners', 'strategic collaboration', 'easy way', 'essential part', 'SOURCE Deezer', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'DEEZR', 'customers', 'start', 'world', 'CEO', 'homes', 'April', 'metadata', 'licensing', 'reporting', 'monetization', '16 countries', 'Canada', 'UK', 'France', 'Germany', 'addition', 'day', 'pioneer', 'partnerships', 'heart', '45 partners', 'interface', 'Flow', 'AI', 'moods', '180 countries', 'access', 'artists', 'fans', 'scalable', 'team', '600 people', 'Brazil', 'passion', 'Ticker', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Photo', 'Deezer_Sonos_partnership', 'Logo']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,prnewswire.co.uk
18635,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DIGITAL360-S-P-A-35787125/news/DIGITAL360-integration-financial-calendar-year-2023-43009600/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,DIGITAL360: integration financial calendar year 2023,(marketscreener.com)    Press release   DIGITAL360: INTEGRATION FINANCIAL CALENDAR YEAR 2023   MILAN  14 February 2023 - Digital360 S.p.A. Società Benefit Company   an Innovative SME listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  announces that with ref…,"MILAN  14 February 2023 - Digital360 S.p.A. Società Benefit Company (""Digital360"" or the ""Company"")  an Innovative SME listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  announces that with reference to the financial calendar communicated to the market on 23 January last  the same must be considered integrated  for the month of February  as follows:Event to present to investors  shareholders and analysts the results achieved as at 31 December 2022BoD - Approval of the Draft Financial Statements as at 31 December 2022 and the Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 20225 May 2023 Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting - Second call Approval of Financial Statements to 31 December 2022 25 September 2023 BoD - Approval of the Consolidated Half-Year Financial Report as at 30 June 202327 September to 7 October Event to present to investors  shareholders and analysts the results achieved2023 as at 30 June 2023Any changes will be promptly disclosed to the market.***This press release is available on the Company's website at www.digital360.it.***DIGITAL360DIGITAL360  a companỳ Benefit listed on the Euronext Growth Milan Market of the Italian Stock Exchange  has the objective of accompanying companies and public administrations in understanding and implementing digital transformation and favouring their encounter with the best technology suppliers. DIGITAL360 pursues this objective through two business units: one  called ""Demand Generation"" supports technology companies (vendors  software houses  system integrators  start-ups  etc.) iǹ communication activities  storytelling  event management  and generation of business opportunities̀; the other  called ""Advisory & Coaching"" is aimed at all companies and public administrations wishing to undertake any digital transformation path. NetworkDIGITAL360  transversal to both Business Units  is the largest network of online publications dedicated to all topics of Digital Innovation. DIGITAL360 integrates a multidisciplinary and multicultural mix of professionalism̀ and skills thanks to analysts  journalists  consultants and experts in the digital world  united by a great passion and mission: digital innovation as an engine for the growth and modernisation of our country. For further information: www.digital360.it",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['integration financial calendar year', 'DIGITAL360', 'Digital360 S.p.A. Società Benefit Company', 'Consolidated Half-Year Financial Report', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'best technology suppliers', 'Draft Financial Statements', 'two business units', 'digital transformation path', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'financial calendar', 'business opportunities', 'Digital Innovation', 'digital world', 'Innovative SME', 'Second call', 'press release', 'public administrations', 'software houses', 'system integrators', 'communication activities', 'largest network', 'online publications', 'multicultural mix', 'great passion', 'technology companies', '7 October Event', 'event management', '14 February', 'reference', '23 January', 'month', 'investors', 'analysts', 'results', '31 December', 'BoD', 'Approval', '5 May', '25 September', '30 June', '27 September', 'changes', 'website', 'objective', 'encounter', 'vendors', 'start-ups', 'storytelling', 'generation', 'NetworkDIGITAL360', 'topics', 'multidisciplinary', 'professionalism̀', 'skills', 'journalists', 'consultants', 'experts', 'mission', 'engine', 'modernisation', 'country', 'information']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18636,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/state-set-for-windfall-as-malin-proposes-major-capital-distribution-42344971.html,State set for windfall as Malin proposes major capital distribution,State-backed life sciences investment firm Malin is proposing to return up to €140m to shareholders in its biggest capital distribution since listing on the Irish Stock Exchange in 2015.,The State is set for another cash windfall from its investment in life sciences investment firm Malin after the company proposed to return up to €140m to shareholders via a tender offer.The company announced on Thursday that it would buy back shares for €9.30 per share  subject to shareholder approval at an extraordinary general meeting on March 10  in its biggest capital distribution since listing on the Irish Stock Exchange in 2015.The Irish Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF)  which holds an 11.32pc stake in Malin  will receive €15.85m if it takes up its full allotment in the transaction  although shareholders are not required to tender any of their shares.The stock rose 3.74pc on the day  making it the top performer on Euronext Dublin.The tender offer represents a premium of 24.7pc to Malin’s share price and offers investors a long-awaited payoff on a stock that has languished below the company’s intrinsic value for years.It is the second such buyback in less than two years after a similar €80m deal announced in November 2021.The capital return is being largely funded out of the proceeds from Malin’s December divestment of its 7pc stake in Immunocore  a biotech company that listed on the Nasdaq in February 2021.The liquidation of that position after a 90pc gain raised €145m  while the company also had inflows of €21m in 2022 from investee companies Kymab and Viamet.Malin will be left with €33m in cash if the full offer is taken up  which the board said is sufficient to exploit future investment opportunities.The March buyback would bring the total capital return to Malin shareholders to €235m  including on-market buybacks of €15m. Malin’s market capitalisation is €255m.The confirmation of another major payout this year makes good on a promise Malin CEO Darragh Lyons made to investors in December 2020 to monetise its holdings and distribute “significant cash” to investors.ISIF  the State’s sovereign wealth fund  is the fourth-largest investor in Malin after investing in the company’s €330m initial public offering (IPO) in 2015. It has collected approximately €12m out of Malin’s earlier capital distributions.The company put the intrinsic value of the business at €317.3m in its annual results. Mr Lyons said Malin had realised €325m in proceeds from its investments.“The focus of our business strategy over the past few years has been to protect and enhance the value of our positions in our investee companies while these businesses worked towards reaching important business milestones ” he said. “The achievement of these milestones by our investee companies has catalysed value realisation opportunities for Malin.”Malin’s updated intrinsic value of €10.07 per share was 35pc higher than its closing price on Wednesday. That value is split roughly evenly between cash and investments  including an €85m stake in Poseida and a €50m holding in Viamet.Davy calculated that the tender offer would increase the intrinsic value per share by 6pc  by reducing the share count by more than nominal asset value.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['major capital distribution', 'State', 'windfall', 'Malin', 'The Irish Strategic Investment Fund', '€330m initial public offering', 'life sciences investment firm', 'Malin CEO Darragh Lyons', 'sovereign wealth fund', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'similar €80m deal', 'biggest capital distribution', 'future investment opportunities', 'earlier capital distributions', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'total capital return', 'nominal asset value', 'The March buyback', 'important business milestones', 'Mr Lyons', 'The State', 'realisation opportunities', 'tender offer', 'shareholder approval', '11.32pc stake', 'full allotment', 'top performer', 'Euronext Dublin', '7pc stake', '90pc gain', 'investee companies', 'full offer', 'market buybacks', 'market capitalisation', 'major payout', 'largest investor', 'annual results', 'business strategy', 'closing price', '€85m stake', '€50m holding', 'intrinsic value', 'cash windfall', 'December divestment', 'significant cash', 'share price', 'share count', 'two years', 'biotech company', 'Malin shareholders', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'listing', 'ISIF', 'transaction', 'premium', 'investors', 'payoff', 'less', 'November', 'proceeds', 'Immunocore', 'Nasdaq', 'February', 'liquidation', 'position', 'inflows', 'Kymab', 'Viamet', 'board', 'confirmation', 'promise', 'holdings', 'fourth', 'IPO', 'investments', 'focus', 'past', 'businesses', 'achievement', 'Wednesday', 'Poseida', 'Davy', '6pc']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,independent.ie
18637,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Notice-of-Preliminary-Results-43000985/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,BenevolentAI: Notice of Preliminary Results,(marketscreener.com) BenevolentAI   a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company  will announce its preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2022 on Thursday  16 March 2023.Management will host an in-person briefing for analysts at…,BenevolentAI (“BenevolentAI” or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company  will announce its preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2022 on Thursday  16 March 2023.Management will host an in-person briefing for analysts at 09:30 GMT on the day of the results at the offices of FTI Consulting (200 Aldersgate  Aldersgate Street  London EC1A 4HD). The event will also be accessible via webcast and a recording of the presentation will be made available on the Company’s website shortly afterwards.To register your interest in attending either in person or virtually  please contact FTI Consulting at BenevolentAI@fticonsulting.com or +44 (0) 20 3727 1000.About BenevolentAIBenevolentAI (AMS: BAI) is a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery and development company listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange. Through the combined capabilities of this AI platform  its scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to deliver novel drug candidates with a higher probability of clinical success than those developed using traditional methods. The Benevolent Platform™ powers the Company’s in-house drug pipeline and supports successful collaborations with AstraZeneca  as well as leading research and charitable institutions.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230215005920/en/,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Preliminary Results', 'BenevolentAI', 'Notice', 'leading, clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'novel drug candidates', 'house drug pipeline', 'View source version', 'The Benevolent Platform™', 'leading research', 'AI platform', 'development company', 'FTI Consulting', 'London EC1A', 'combined capabilities', 'scientific expertise', 'wet-lab facilities', 'higher probability', 'clinical success', 'traditional methods', 'successful collaborations', 'charitable institutions', 'preliminary results', 'person briefing', 'Aldersgate Street', '200 Aldersgate', 'BenevolentAI', 'BAI', 'year', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Management', 'analysts', '09:30 GMT', 'offices', 'event', 'webcast', 'recording', 'presentation', 'website', 'interest', 'AstraZeneca', 'businesswire']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18638,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENVIPCO-HOLDING-N-V-46512764/news/Envipco-N-Fourth-Quarter-2022-Results-Release-and-Earnings-Call-43008058/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Envipco N : Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release and Earnings Call,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Envipco Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release and Earnings Call   Amersfoort  The Netherlands -    Envipco Holding N.V. will release its Q4 2022 results on Thursday February 23  at 7:00 CET.   At 13:00 CET th…,Press ReleaseEnvipco Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release and Earnings CallAmersfoort  The Netherlands - (February 16  2023)Envipco Holding N.V. will release its Q4 2022 results on Thursday February 23  at 7:00 CET.At 13:00 CET the same day  company management will present the results and is pleased to invite investors  analysts  and other stakeholders to a virtual presentation supported by Carnegie Investment Bank.The 2022 Q4 results will be presented by CEO Simon Bolton  President/COO Robert Lincoln and CFO Derk Visser.Please contact hanna.haug@carnegie.noby February 21 for registration. Dial in details will be distributed in the morning of February 23 using the Microsoft Teams platform.The presentation will be held in English.For further information please contact:Derk Visser  Group CFO +31 33 2851773 derkv@envipco.comAbout Envipco Holding N.V.Envipco Holding N.V. (Envipco)  www.envipco.com  is a Netherlands-based holding company listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Oslo Growth (Symbols: ENVI/ENVIP). Envipco  with operations in several countries around the globe  is a recognized leader in the development and operation of reverse vending machines (RVMs)  automated technological systems for the recovery of used beverage containers. Known for its innovative technology and market leadership  Envipco holds several intellectual property rights for RVM systems  including but not limited to beverage refund deposit markings  material type identification  compaction  and accounting.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release', 'Envipco N', 'Earnings Call', 'Envipco Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release', 'several intellectual property rights', 'beverage refund deposit markings', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'Netherlands-based holding company', 'CEO Simon Bolton', 'President/COO Robert Lincoln', 'Microsoft Teams platform', 'reverse vending machines', 'material type identification', 'Euronext Oslo Growth', 'Carnegie Investment Bank', 'CFO Derk Visser', 'Press Release', 'several countries', 'beverage containers', 'Q4 2022 results', 'company management', '2022 Q4 results', 'Group CFO', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Earnings Call', 'The Netherlands', 'same day', 'other stakeholders', 'technological systems', 'innovative technology', 'market leadership', 'RVM systems', 'virtual presentation', 'Thursday February', 'Amersfoort', '7:00 CET', 'investors', 'analysts', 'hanna', 'haug', 'registration', 'Dial', 'details', 'morning', 'English', 'information', 'Symbols', 'operations', 'globe', 'development', 'RVMs', 'recovery', 'compaction', 'accounting', '13:00']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18639,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-N-Change-of-CSD-43011066/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,FL Entertainment N : Change of CSD,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Paris - February 16  2023   Change of Central Securities Depository to Euroclear France   FL Entertainment announces that it has changed the Central Securities Depository for its ordinary shares and public war…,"Press ReleaseParis - February 16  2023Change of Central Securities Depository to Euroclear FranceFL Entertainment announces that it has changed the Central Securities Depository (CSD) for its ordinary shares (NL0015000X07) and public warrants (NL0015000H56) (together the ""Transferred Securities"") from Euroclear Netherland to Euroclear France  effective today.As a result of this change  all Transferred Securities previously held in the Euroclear Netherland system have been transferred to the book-entry securities settlement system operated by Euroclear France. The transfer and change of CSD does not impact the Transferred Securities' respective ISIN codes  nor their holdings  the rights attached to them or their listing on Euronext Amsterdam.AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen - Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 - c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world's largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.AS",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment N', 'Change', 'CSD', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'book-entry securities settlement system', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'Central Securities Depository', 'Euroclear Netherland system', 'respective ISIN codes', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Transferred Securities', 'Euroclear France', 'Press Release', 'ordinary shares', 'public warrants', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'FY 2022 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'February', 'Change', 'CSD', 'holdings', 'rights', 'listing', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18640,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ESG-CORE-INVESTMENTS-B-V-118850323/news/ESG-Core-Investments-B-in-liquidation-in-liquidatie-announces-voting-results-of-the-AGM-43007399/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,ESG Core Investments B : in liquidation (in liquidatie) announces voting results of the AGM,(marketscreener.com)  ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidation announces voting results of the AGM Amsterdam - 16 February 2023 13:45 CET   Today  ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidation   a special purpose acquisition company listed on Euronext Amsterd…,"ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidation (in liquidatie) announces voting results of the AGMAmsterdam - 16 February 2023 13:45 CETToday  ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidation (in liquidatie) (the Company)  a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held at the head office of the Company (Oldenzaalsestraat 500  7524 AE Enschede) on Thursday 16 February 2023 at 10:00 (CET) (the AGM). The shareholders adopted all proposed resolutions as tabled at today's AGM.As a result  the Company is dissolved (ontbonden)  and the Management Board members are charged with effecting the liquidation of the Company's affairs under the supervision of the Supervisory Board members. The final report (rekening en verantwoording) and the plan of distribution (plan van verdeling) will be deposited on 17 February 2023 with the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce and at the head office of the Company for inspection by anyone for a period of two months after such date. As announced on 4 January 2023  the amount per share that shareholders will receive as liquidation distributions is expected to be EUR 10.Further  the annual report and financial statements for the financial year 2022 were adopted  the remuneration report for the financial year 2022 was approved  the members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board were discharged from liability and Infestos Sustainability B.V. was appointed as custodian of the books and records of the Company.Info+31 (0)53 30 300 80info@esgcoreinvestments.comDisclaimerCapitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the prospectus published by the Company (as defined below) on 11 February 2021  which can be obtained from the Company's website at www.esgcoreinvestments.com/structure under the header ""Downloads"". This announcement (including the Annual Report) may include forward-looking statements  which are based on the Company's current expectations and projections about future events and speak only as of the date hereof. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not within or outside the control of the Company. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. The Company operates in a rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time  and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties  nor to assess the impact that these factors will have on the Company. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Further reference is made to the Company's annual report for the financial year 2022.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.27,0.63,True,English,"['ESG Core Investments B', 'voting results', 'liquidation', 'liquidatie', 'AGM', 'ESG Core Investments B.V.', 'Infestos Sustainability B.V.', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Management Board members', 'Supervisory Board members', 'annual report', 'voting results', 'head office', '7524 AE Enschede', 'final report', 'Trade Register', 'two months', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'remuneration report', 'Capitalized terms', 'respective meanings', 'forward-looking statements', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'changing environment', 'Further reference', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'New risks', 'The Company', 'Thursday 16 February', 'liquidation distributions', 'future events', '17 February', '11 February', 'liquidatie', 'AGM', 'CET', 'SPAC', 'Shareholders', 'Oldenzaalsestraat', 'resolutions', 'today', 'affairs', 'supervision', 'plan', 'verdeling', 'Chamber', 'Commerce', 'inspection', 'period', 'date', '4 January', 'amount', 'liability', 'custodian', 'books', 'records', 'Info', 'Disclaimer', 'prospectus', 'website', 'header', 'Downloads', 'announcement', 'projections', 'nature', 'known', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'circumstances', 'control', 'performance', 'developments', 'time', 'impact', 'obligation', '10:00', '31', '53']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18641,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELENET-GROUP-HOLDING-NV-5991/news/Telenet-board-of-directors-proposes-a-1-0-per-share-gross-dividend-to-the-April-2023-Annual-Gener-43001136/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Telenet : board of directors proposes a 1.0 per share gross dividend to the April 2023 Annual General Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com)  Mechelen  February 16  2023 - Telenet Group Holding NV announces that its board of directors has decided to propose to the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting in April 2023 to approve the payment of a gross dividend of €1.0 per share .…,"Mechelen  February 16  2023 - Telenet Group Holding NV (""Telenet"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Brussels: TNET) announces that its board of directors has decided to propose to the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting in April 2023 to approve the payment of a gross dividend of €1.0 per share (€108.6 million in total[1]). The proposed dividend will be paid using existing cash and cash equivalents and is in line with the Company's reset dividend floor of €1.0 per share (gross) as further detailed below. If approved by shareholders  the dividend will be paid in early May.​",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"[""April 2023 Annual General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'gross dividend', 'Telenet', 'board', 'directors', 'Telenet Group Holding NV', ""Annual General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'reset dividend floor', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing cash', 'cash equivalents', 'early May', 'gross dividend', 'Mechelen', 'February', 'Company', 'TNET', 'board', 'directors', 'April', 'payment', 'total', 'line']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18642,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AEDIFICA-SA-35328/news/Aedifica-NV-SA-2022-annual-results-43001305/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Aedifica NV/SA: 2022 annual results,(marketscreener.com) Please find below a press release from Aedifica   regarding its 2022 annual results. Robust operational performance driving strong results EPRA Earnings amounted to €181.4 million   or €4.76/shareRental income increased to €273.1 million …,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2022 annual results.Robust operational performance driving strong resultsEPRA Earnings amounted to €181.4 million (+20% compared to 31 Dec. 2021)  or €4.76/shareRental income increased to €273.1 million (+18% compared to 31 Dec. 2021)4.2% increase in rental income on a like-for-like basis* over the yearWeighted average unexpired lease term of 19 years and occupancy rate of 100%Real estate portfolio* of €5.7 billion as at 31 December 2022Increase of approx. €807 million compared to 31 December 2021 (+16%)622 healthcare sites for more than 47 100 end users across 8 countriesInvestment programme of €671 million in pre-let development projects and acquisitions in progress  of which €489 million remains to be invested. In 2022  40 projects from the programme were completed for a total investment budget of approx. €295 millionSolid balance sheet and strong liquidity43.6% debt-to-assets ratio as of 31 December 2022Strengthening equity: nearly €310 million raised on capital markets through a capital increase via an accelerated private placement (€254 million) and two contributions in kind€667 million of headroom on committed credit lines to finance CAPEX and liquidity needsBBB investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook reaffirmed by S&POutlookProposed dividend of €3.70/share (gross) is confirmed (distribution in May 2023)EPRA Earnings* for 2023 are estimated at €200 million  or €5.03/shareDividend of €3.80/share (gross) proposed for the 2023 financial yearAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', '2022 annual results', 'public regulated real estate company', 'average unexpired lease term', 'BBB investment-grade credit rating', 'Real estate portfolio', 'committed credit lines', 'Robust operational performance', 'Solid balance sheet', 'total investment budget', 'S&P Outlook', '2023 financial year Attachments', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2022 annual results', 'strong results', 'EPRA Earnings', 'Rental income', 'occupancy rate', '622 healthcare sites', '47,100 end users', 'Investment programme', 'strong liquidity', 'assets ratio', 'Strengthening equity', 'capital markets', 'private placement', 'two contributions', 'liquidity needs', 'development projects', 'capital increase', '40 projects', '4.2% increase', 'Aedifica', '31 Dec.', 'basis', '19 years', '31 December', '8 countries', 'acquisitions', 'progress', '43.6% debt', 'kind', 'headroom', 'CAPEX', 'dividend', 'gross', 'distribution', 'May']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18643,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2609058/0/en/AMG-Advanced-Metallurgical-Group-N-V-Schedule-for-Fourth-Quarter-and-Full-Year-2022-Earnings-Release.html,AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Schedule for Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Release,"Amsterdam  15 February 2023 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results on Wednesday  February 22  2023  at approximately 19:00 CET. AMG will host a conferen…","Amsterdam  15 February 2023 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results on Wednesday  February 22  2023  at approximately 19:00 CET. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter of 2022 at 16:00 CET (15:00 GMT / 10:00AM EST) on Thursday  February 23  2023.Please connect approximately 10 minutes prior to the beginning of the call to ensure participation. The call-in information is as follows:Toll-free number: 1-800-245-3047Alternate (toll) number: 1-203-518-9765Europe: 44 0800 048 7798When prompted for the conference ID  tell the operator AMGQ422 and you will be directed onto the call. The conference call will be available on the website www.amg-nv.com within twenty-four hours following completion of the call.About AMGAMG is a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends. AMG produces highly engineered specialty metals and mineral products and provides related vacuum furnace systems and services to the transportation  infrastructure  energy  and specialty metals & chemicals end markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 400 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Schedule', 'Full Year 2022 Earnings Release', 'Fourth Quarter', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'related vacuum furnace systems', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'other forward looking statements', 'critical materials company', 'energy storage solutions', 'chemicals end markets', 'tantalum value chains', 'customer service offices', 'Alternate (toll) number', 'mineral processing operations', 'CO 2 reduction trends', 'high-purity materials', 'Toll-free number', 'mineral products', 'CO 2 footprint', 'other information', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'fourth quarter', 'full year', 'financial results', 'conference ID', 'twenty-four hours', 'specialty metals', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'financial position', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'global leaders', 'production facilities', 'future events', 'historical information', 'inherent risks', 'conference call', 'Wednesday', 'February', '19:00 CET', '16:00 CET', 'GMT', '10:00AM', 'Thursday', 'beginning', 'participation', 'Europe', 'operator', 'website', 'completion', 'forefront', 'services', 'transportation', 'infrastructure', 'recycling', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'vanadium', 'lithium', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,400 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'development', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'anticipates', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18644,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gogl-fourth-quarter-2022-results-070000253.html,GOGL – Fourth Quarter 2022 Results,Golden Ocean Group Limited (NASDAQ/OSE: GOGL) (the “Company” or “Golden Ocean”)  the world's largest listed owner of large size dry bulk vessels  today...,"Golden Ocean Group LimitedGolden Ocean Group Limited (NASDAQ/OSE: GOGL) (the “Company” or “Golden Ocean”)  the world's largest listed owner of large size dry bulk vessels  today announced its unaudited results for the three and twelve months period ended December 31  2022.HighlightsNet income of $68.2 million and earnings per share of $0.34 for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared with net income of $104.6 million and earnings per share of $0.52 for the third quarter of 2022Adjusted EBITDA of $112.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2022  compared with $118.2 million for the third quarter of 2022Reported TCE rates for Capesize and Panamax/Ultramax vessels of $21 399 per day and $18 992 per day  respectively  in the fourth quarter of 2022. Reported TCE rate for the total fleet of $20 421 per dayEntered into agreements to acquire six modern Newcastlemax vessels for a total consideration of $291 million from an unrelated third party. The vessels will be chartered back to the seller for a period of 36 months at an average net TCE rate of $21 000 per dayEntered into a $250 million facility refinancing 20 Capesize and Panamax vessels at highly attractive termsCompleted the sale of the 2008 and 2009 built Panamax vessels Golden Ice and Golden Strength  at attractive pricesEntered into agreements to purchase three scrubbers to be installed on certain Capesize vessels due for drydock in 2023Acquired an aggregate of 462 085 shares in open market transactions under the share buy-back programEstimated TCE rates  inclusive of charter coverage  calculated on a load-to-discharge basis are approximately: $13 150 per day for 63% of Capesize available days and $14 900 per day for 73% of Panamax available days for the first quarter of 2023. $21 100 per day for 19% of Capesize available days and $17 900 per day for 14% of Panamax available days for the second quarter of 2023.Announced a cash dividend of $0.20 per share for the fourth quarter of 2022  payable on or about March 9  2023 to shareholders of record on February 28  2023. Shareholders holding the Company’s shares through Euronext VPS may receive this cash dividend later  on or about March 13  2023Ulrik Andersen  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“On a challenging macroeconomic backdrop  Golden Ocean delivered another strong result in the fourth quarter of 2022. The result was driven by the superior efficiency of Golden Ocean's modern fleet  as well as our active chartering strategy. We continue our fleet renewal strategy of selling older inefficient tonnage and recycling the cash proceeds into modern tonnage. Since our third quarter release  we sold two older Panamax vessels and acquired six modern Newcastlemax vessels. It means that since 2021  we have divested 11 vessels and acquired or contracted 34 vessels.Combined with a continuous focus on improving our daily cash break-even levels  we have delivered on our commitment to return value to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Looking ahead  we continue to have a positive view on dry bulk fundamentals given the expected boost in demand from China’s discontinuation of the zero covid policy combined with highly favorable supply-side dynamics.”The Board of DirectorsGolden Ocean Group LimitedHamilton  BermudaFebruary 16  2023Questions should be directed to:Ulrik Andersen: Chief Executive Officer  Golden Ocean Management AS+47 22 01 73 40Peder Simonsen: Chief Financial Officer  Golden Ocean Management AS+47 22 01 73 40The full report is available in the link below.Forward Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this earnings report may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  or the PSLRA  provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts.The Company is taking advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the PSLRA and is including this cautionary statement in connection therewith. This document and any other written or oral statements made by the Company or on its behalf may include forward-looking statements  which reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance. This earnings report includes assumptions  expectations  projections  intentions and beliefs about future events. These statements are intended as ""forward-looking statements."" The Company cautions that assumptions  expectations  projections  intentions and beliefs about future events may and often do vary from actual results and the differences can be material. When used in this document  the words “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “intend ” “plan ” “targets ” “projects ” “likely ” “will ” “would ” “could” and similar expressions or phrases may identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this report are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in the Company's records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company's control  the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections. As a result  you are cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements.In addition to these important factors and matters discussed elsewhere herein  important factors that  in the Company’s view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements  include among other things: the Company’s future operating or financial results; the Company’s continued borrowing availability under its debt agreements and compliance with the covenants contained therein; the Company’s ability to procure or have access to financing  the Company’s liquidity and the adequacy of cash flows for the Company’s operations; the Company’s ability to successfully employ its existing and newbuilding dry bulk vessels and replace its operating leases on favorable terms  or at all; changes in the Company’s operating expenses and voyage costs  including bunker prices  fuel prices (including increases costs for low sulfur fuel)  dry docking  crewing and insurance costs; the Company’s ability to fund future capital expenditures and investments in the construction  acquisition and refurbishment of the Company’s vessels (including the amount and nature thereof and the timing of completion thereof  the delivery and commencement of operations dates  expected downtime and lost revenue); planned  pending or recent acquisitions  business strategy and expected capital spending or operating expenses  including drydocking  surveys  upgrades and insurance costs; risks associated with vessel construction; the Company’s expectations regarding the availability of vessel acquisitions and its ability to complete acquisition transactions planned; vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hire; potential differences in interest by or among certain members of the Company’s board of directors  or the Board  executive officers  senior management and shareholders; potential liability from pending or future litigation; potential exposure or loss from investment in derivative instruments; general dry bulk shipping market trends  including fluctuations in charter hire rates and vessel values; changes in supply and demand in the dry bulk shipping industry  including the market for the Company’s vessels and the number of newbuildings under construction; the strength of world economies; stability of Europe and the Euro; central bank policies intended to combat overall inflation and the rising interest rates and foreign exchange rates; changes in seaborne and other transportation; changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities; general domestic and international political conditions; potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents  climate-related (acute and chronic)  damage to storage or receiving facilities  political instability  terrorist attacks  piracy or international hostilities  including the ongoing aggression between Russia and Ukraine; the length and severity of epidemics and pandemics  including COVID-19 and its impact on the demand for seaborne transportation in the dry bulk sector; the impact of increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors  lenders  charterers and other market participants with respect to our Environmental  Social and Governance practices; new environmental regulations and restrictions  whether at a global level stipulated by the International Maritime Organization  and/or regional/national imposed by regional authorities such as the European Union or individual countries; and other important factors described from time to time in the reports filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021.The Company cautions readers of this report not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of their dates. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation  the Company undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of the Company’s future performance  and actual results and future developments may vary materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.09,0.16,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Results', 'GOGL', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'large size dry bulk vessels', 'Golden Ocean Group Limited Hamilton', 'daily cash break-even levels', 'Golden Ocean Management AS', 'six modern Newcastlemax vessels', 'average net TCE rate', 'two older Panamax vessels', 'dry bulk fundamentals', 'largest listed owner', 'open market transactions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'challenging macroeconomic backdrop', 'active chartering strategy', 'older inefficient tonnage', 'zero covid policy', 'favorable supply-side dynamics', 'safe harbor protections', 'safe harbor provisions', 'unrelated third party', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'fleet renewal strategy', 'share buy-back program', 'third quarter release', 'twelve months period', 'Capesize available days', 'modern tonnage', 'modern fleet', 'Golden Ice', 'Golden Strength', 'The Board', 'Net income', 'Panamax/Ultramax vessels', 'Capesize vessels', 'TCE rates', 'cash dividend', 'cash proceeds', 'total fleet', 'fourth quarter', 'first quarter', 'second quarter', 'unaudited results', 'total consideration', '$250 million facility', 'attractive terms', 'attractive prices', 'charter coverage', 'discharge basis', 'Euronext VPS', 'Ulrik Andersen', 'superior efficiency', 'continuous focus', 'positive view', 'Peder Simonsen', 'full report', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'historical facts', 'cautionary statement', 'other written', 'current views', 'financial performance', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'looking stat', 'The Company', 'other statements', 'oral statements', 'share repurchases', 'three scrubbers', 'strong result', 'earnings report', 'underlying assumptions', '11 vessels', '34 vessels', '36 months', '20 Capesize', 'NASDAQ/OSE', 'GOGL', 'world', 'Highlights', 'EBITDA', 'agreements', 'seller', 'sale', 'drydock', 'aggregate', '462,085 shares', 'March', 'shareholders', 'record', 'February', 'commitment', 'value', 'dividends', 'boost', 'demand', 'China', 'discontinuation', 'Directors', 'Bermuda', 'Questions', 'link', 'Matters', 'forward', 'PSLRA', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'advantage', 'connection', 'document', 'behalf', 'respect', 'expectations', 'projections', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'differences', 'words', 'targets', 'projects', 'phrases']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18645,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-9-ndash-February-15-2023-43002591/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023,(marketscreener.com) Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023 February 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 133 605 of…,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023February 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 133 605 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 9  2023  up to and including February 15  2023  for €13.6 million and at an average share price of €101.63.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 2  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 911 105 91.0 99.83For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18646,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DOLFINES-41402/news/Dolfines-DOLFINES-signs-a-LOI-43009913/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Dolfines :  DOLFINES signs a LOI,(marketscreener.com)  Montigny Le Bretonneux  February 16  2023 DOLFINES signs a Letter Of Intent for the acquisitionof an international expert company in the EHS marketThe Board of Directors of DOLFINES  meeting on February 15  2023  validated the sign…,"Montigny Le Bretonneux  February 16  2023DOLFINES signs a Letter Of Intent (LOI) for the acquisitionof an international expert company in the EHS market(Environment  Health and Safety)The Board of Directors of DOLFINES  meeting on February 15  2023  validated the signing of a LOI and entry into exclusivity period whose purpose is to acquire 100% of the capital and voting rights of an international expertise company on the EHS (Environment  Health and Safety) market.The acquisition of this company would give DOLFINES privileged access to a market in high demand for industrial safety  impact studies and CSR consulting. It would significantly strengthen its presence in its current development areas  particularly in the renewable energy sector.The company's turnover amounted to €2.75 million for the 2022 financial year  up 17% compared to 2021  with an EBITDA/Revenue margin of 9.2% and a positive net cash position at 31 December 2022.The financing of this operation will be covered by the ongoing financing with Negma  which could consider taking a minority stake in DOLFINES  thus confirming its project to support the company's industrial development over time.The completion of the acquisition will be subject to the outcome of an acquisition audit  which is expected to be completed no later than March 3  2023.About Dolfines: www.dolfines.comFounded in 2000  DOLFINES is an independent specialist in engineering and services in the renewable and conventional energy industry. Faced with the challenges of decarbonizing the energy sector and capitalizing on its strong expertise  DOLFINES wants to play a key role in this energy transition by designing and providing innovative services and solutions for the exploitation of renewable energy sources onshore and offshore  above and below sea level. Respecting the highest standards of quality and safety  DOLFINES is labelled an innovative company certified ISO 9001 for its technical assistance  auditing  inspection and engineering activities.Euronext Growth TMDOLFINES is listed on Euronext GrowthTM - Code ISIN : FR0014004QZ9 – Mnémo : ALDOL DOLFINES is éligible to PEA-PMEContacts :DOLFINES : Delphine Bardelet Guejo  CFO - delphine.bardelet@dolfines.comCOMALTO : Jean-François Carminati  Shareholders Relations – + 33 (0) 6 63 87 57 60 - jfcarminati@comalto.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJpuk5yZlZjGnZ9tl5ZmbmJjmG5kxpLHlmnGk2mZY5uXb21jlm2WaJ2WZnBpm2do- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78622-dolfines_pr_loi.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Dolfines', 'LOI', 'positive net cash position', 'Montigny Le Bretonneux', 'Jean-François Carminati', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'conventional energy industry', 'current development areas', 'Euronext Growth TM', 'renewable energy sources', 'international expert company', 'renewable energy sector', 'international expertise company', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Delphine Bardelet Guejo', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'energy transition', 'industrial development', 'strong expertise', 'Euronext GrowthTM', 'exclusivity period', 'voting rights', 'privileged access', 'high demand', 'impact studies', 'CSR consulting', '2022 financial year', 'EBITDA/Revenue margin', 'minority stake', 'independent specialist', 'sea level', 'highest standards', 'technical assistance', 'Mnémo', 'Shareholders Relations', 'key role', 'innovative company', 'industrial safety', 'ongoing financing', 'innovative services', 'engineering activities', 'Regulated information', 'acquisition audit', 'EHS market', 'Safety) market', 'ALDOL DOLFINES', 'February', 'Letter', 'Intent', 'LOI', 'Environment', 'Health', 'Board', 'Directors', 'signing', 'entry', 'purpose', 'capital', 'presence', 'turnover', '31 December', 'operation', 'Negma', 'project', 'time', 'completion', 'outcome', 'March', 'challenges', 'solutions', 'quality', 'ISO', 'auditing', 'inspection', 'Code', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'COMALTO', 'jfcarminati', 'publication', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'salesÃ', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '9.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18647,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-MONICA-DE-VIRGILIIS-WILL-NOT-SEEK-SECOND-TERM-AS-SUPERVISORY-BOARD-MEMBER-AFTER-CURRENT-TERM-43001308/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,ASM MONICA DE VIRGILIIS WILL NOT SEEK SECOND TERM AS SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER AFTER CURRENT TERM,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CET  ASM International N.V. today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms Monica de Virgiliis has decided not to seek a second term as Supervisory Board member and that she will step …,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms Monica de Virgiliis has decided not to seek a second term as Supervisory Board member and that she will step down after her current term which will expire in May 2024.Pauline van der Meer Mohr  the Chair of the Supervisory Board  mentioned: “The accumulation of Monica’s current and future commitments have prompted this decision  which we understand and respect. The timing she chose is related to those commitments and allows the Board ample time to find a successor. I am very pleased that she is fully committed to fulfill her current term until next year May and that she will continue to make contributions to the company.”About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM’s website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.66,0.29,mixed,0.34,0.16,0.49,True,English,"['ASM MONICA DE', 'SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER', 'SECOND TERM', 'VIRGILIIS', 'Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ms Monica de Virgiliis', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'next year May', 'Supervisory Board member', 'market acceptance', 'second term', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'current term', 'The Netherlands', 'future commitments', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'The Company', 'Almere', 'February', '7:30 a', 'CET', 'Chair', 'decision', 'timing', 'time', 'successor', 'contributions', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'financing', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Investor', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18648,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2610101/0/en/EDF-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-Article-L-233-8-II-of-the-French-Commercial-Code-and-223-16-of-the-General-Regulations-of-the-AMF.html,EDF: Information regarding the voting rights and shares (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”),16 February 2023  Information regarding the voting rights and shares  (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code   and 223-16 of the General......,English French16 February 2023Information regarding the voting rights and shares(Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”)Listing location: NYSE Euronext-ParisCompartiment: Eurolist AISIN code: FR 0010242511Date Total number of shares Total number of voting rights 13 February 20233 887 718 679Number of theoretical voting rights:6 521 393 081 Number of exercisable voting rights:6 520 504 570*Number of exercisable voting rights = Number of theoretical voting rights (or total number of voting rights calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached) – number of shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['French Commercial Code', 'voting rights', 'General Regulations', 'EDF', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'NYSE Euronext-Paris Compartiment', 'French Commercial Code', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN code', 'General Regulations', 'Listing location', 'Eurolist A', 'Total number', 'February', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'Date', 'basis', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/CGG-Announces-its-Q4-Financial-Results-on-Thursday-March-2nd-2023-after-Markets-Close-43001297/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,CGG Announces its Q4 Financial Results on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after Markets Close,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  France – February 16th  2023 Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference call CGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after the close of …,PARIS  France – February 16th  2023Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET)Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Q4 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'answer session', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'data science', 'Christophe Barnini', 'France', 'February', 'CGG', 'question', 'Thursday', 'March', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REXEL-47601/news/BOARD-NOMINATIONS-TO-BE-PROPOSED-TO-THE-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-43001103/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING,(marketscreener.com) BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING At its meeting of February 15  2023  the Board of Directors of Rexel unanimously decided  on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to propose to the next Shareholders…,"BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGAt its meeting of February 15  2023  the Board of Directors of Rexel unanimously decided  on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to propose to the next Shareholders' Meeting of April 20  2023  the renewal of Ian Meakins' term of office as Director and to appoint Marie-Christine Lombard and Steven Borges as new independent members of the Board of Directors for a term of four years. Marie-Christine Lombard would succeed Elen Phillips  whose term of office will expire at the next Shareholders’ Meeting.Ian Meakins  Chairman of Rexel's Board of Directors  said: ""I deeply thank Elen for her contribution to the Board during all these years and for the richness of the interactions and exchanges we had. As part of the succession plan for Directors  the Board of Directors had identified additional needs in terms of expertise to adapt to the evolution of the Group and its market. Steven Borges  in addition to his knowledge of the U.S. market  will bring to the Board his knowledge of all industrial sectors at a time when issues such as industrial automation and investments related to sustainable development are at the heart of Rexel's business in the industrial sector. Marie-Christine Lombard is a recognized executive with an impressive track record of success at the head of Geodis. In addition to her management experience  she will bring to Rexel's Board her in-depth knowledge of transport  logistics and service issues  which  in conjunction with digital  are central to Rexel's value proposition.""Biographies:Marie-Christine Lombard has been Chairwoman of the Management Board of Geodis since 2012  a global leader in transport and logistics. She is also a member of the Executive Committee of the SNCF group. Previously  she held several management positions at TNT Express before becoming its Chief Executive Officer. She started her career in the banking sector where she held various positions at the Chemical Bank in New York and at Paribas in Paris where her last role was Vice President in the M&A department of the commercial banking group. She is a Director and the Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee of Vinci. She is a graduate of ESSEC and the Harvard University Executive Program.Steven Borges currently serves as EVP and CEO of the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment of Jabil Inc. (NYSE: JBL)  a global manufacturing services company. He joined Jabil in 1993 and has held positions of increasing responsibility in business development  manufacturing operations and supply chain management over the course of his 30-year career. Prior to his current role  he served as EVP and CEO of Jabil’s Regulated Industries segment with additional responsibility for additive manufacturing. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Johns Hopkins All Children’s Hospital. He is a graduate of Fitchburg State University.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSEBrunswick : Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['BOARD NOMINATIONS', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'THE', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', '® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', 'Harvard University Executive Program', 'global manufacturing services company', 'Diversified Manufacturing Services segment', 'Regulated Industries segment', 'Fitchburg State University', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'U.S. market', 'impressive track record', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'three main markets', 'new independent members', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'M&A department', 'supply chain management', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'following SRI indices', ""next Shareholders' Meeting"", 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', 'commercial banking group', 'several management positions', ""Ian Meakins' term"", 'global leader', 'manufacturing operations', 'additive manufacturing', 'following indices', 'CAC Next', 'Executive Committee', 'banking sector', 'New York', 'compartment A', 'management experience', 'energy management', 'increasing responsibility', 'additional responsibility', 'Nomination Committee', 'Marie-Christine Lombard', 'Steven Borges', 'succession plan', 'additional needs', 'sustainable development', 'value proposition', 'SNCF group', 'TNT Express', 'various positions', 'Chemical Bank', 'last role', 'Vice President', 'Compensation Committee', 'current role', 'Johns Hopkins', 'worldwide expert', 'energy world', 'scalable range', 'Eurolist market', 'Euronext Paris', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'Thomas KAMM', 'industrial sectors', 'industrial automation', 'industrial customers', 'The Group', 'Management Board', 'four years', 'Elen Phillips', 'service issues', 'business development', '30-year career', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', 'depth knowledge', 'Jabil Inc.', 'BOARD NOMINATIONS', 'REXEL GROUP', 'February', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'April', 'renewal', 'Chairman', 'contribution', 'richness', 'interactions', 'exchanges', 'terms', 'expertise', 'evolution', 'time', 'investments', 'heart', 'head', 'Geodis', 'transport', 'logistics', 'conjunction', 'digital', 'Biographies', 'Chairwoman', 'Paribas', 'Vinci', 'graduate', 'ESSEC', 'EVP', 'CEO', 'NYSE', 'JBL', 'course', 'Trustees', 'Children', 'Hospital', 'products', 'residential', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'maintenance', 'network', '1,900 branches', '21 countries', '26,000 employees', 'sales', 'SBF', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'recognition', 'performance', 'CSR', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'PRESSE', 'Brunswick', 'Attachment', '120', '53']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609340/0/en/CGG-Announces-its-Q4-Financial-Results-on-Thursday-March-2nd-2023-after-Markets-Close.html,CGG Announces its Q4 Financial Results on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after Markets Close,PARIS  France – February 16th  2023    Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference call    CGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial......,English FrenchPARIS  France – February 16th  2023Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET)Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Q4 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'English French', 'answer session', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'Christophe Barnini', 'France', 'February', 'CGG', 'question', 'Thursday', 'March', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18652,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DUCK-CREEK-TECHNOLOGIES-110869005/news/Duck-Creek-to-sponsor-Quadient-Inspire-Days-in-Orlando-FL-from-February-22-24-2023-43007899/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Duck Creek to sponsor Quadient Inspire Days in Orlando  FL from February 22-24  2023,(marketscreener.com) Boston  Feb. 16  2023 -- Duck Creek Technologies   the intelligent solutions provider defining the future of property and casualty insurance  is pleased to be a sponsor of Quadient’s annual user conference  Inspire Days  in Orlando Florid…,Boston  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Duck Creek Technologies (NASDAQ: DCT)  the intelligent solutions provider defining the future of property and casualty (P&C) insurance  is pleased to be a sponsor of Quadient’s annual user conference  Inspire Days  in Orlando Florida from February 22-24  2023. Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) is a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a strategic partner to Duck Creek.The event will bring together a community of customers and partners focused on strengthening relationships and discussing business strategy and thought leadership. Quadient has developed strong integrations with Duck Creek Claims and Duck Creek Policy which enables carriers to experience more interactive and streamlined communications that help them more quickly capture market opportunities. The personalized communication solution improves the overall customer experience by offering insights to better navigate the insurance industry through preferred channels and helps improve the overall customer experience.“We are looking forward to discussing the benefits of our strong alliance with carriers during Quadient’s upcoming Inspire Days event ” said Peter Herz  Partner Manager  Duck Creek Technologies. “Our partnership with Quadient extends Duck Creek’s value proposition in providing innovative SaaS-based solutions for global insurance companies and ensures our common customers are ready for communications impacting customer experience.”“We are excited and honored for Duck Creek Technologies to be a premium sponsor of our upcoming Inspire Days 2023 event ” said Chris Hartigan  Chief Solution Officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  Quadient. “Our strategic partnership with Duck Creek is making it possible for insurance carriers to accelerate their digital transformation initiatives and offer customer experience excellence throughout the customer journey.”About QuadientQuadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About Duck Creek TechnologiesDuck Creek Technologies (NASDAQ: DCT) is the intelligent solutions provider defining the future of the property and casualty (P&C) and general insurance industry. We are the platform upon which modern insurance systems are built  enabling the industry to capitalize on the power of the cloud to run agile  intelligent  and evergreen operations. Authenticity  purpose  and transparency are core to Duck Creek  and we believe insurance should be there for individuals and businesses when  where  and how they need it most. Our market-leading solutions are available on a standalone basis or as a full suite  and all are available via Duck Creek OnDemand. Visit www.duckcreek.com to learn more. Follow Duck Creek on our social channels for the latest information – LinkedIn and Twitter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Quadient Inspire Days', 'Duck Creek', 'Orlando', 'FL', 'February', 'three key solution areas', 'upcoming Inspire Days event', 'upcoming Inspire Days 2023 event', 'personalized communication solution', 'Chief Solution Officer', 'annual user conference', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'intelligent solutions provider', 'innovative SaaS-based solutions', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'meaningful customer connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'global insurance companies', 'modern insurance systems', 'overall customer experience', 'Duck Creek Technologies', 'Duck Creek Claims', 'Duck Creek Policy', 'digital transformation initiatives', 'P&C) insurance', 'general insurance industry', 'customer experience excellence', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'market-leading solutions', 'customer journey', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Orlando Florida', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'strategic partner', 'business strategy', 'thought leadership', 'strong integrations', 'market opportunities', 'preferred channels', 'strong alliance', 'Peter Herz', 'Partner Manager', 'value proposition', 'Chris Hartigan', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'evergreen operations', 'standalone basis', 'full suite', 'social channels', 'insurance carriers', 'streamlined communications', 'premium sponsor', 'latest information', 'common customers', 'partnership', 'Boston', 'Feb.', 'NASDAQ', 'DCT', 'future', 'property', 'casualty', 'Quadient', 'February', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'community', 'relationships', 'interactive', 'insights', 'benefits', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'platform', 'power', 'cloud', 'Authenticity', 'purpose', 'transparency', 'individuals', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18653,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609370/0/en/Virtualware-to-be-Listed-on-the-Paris-Stock-Exchange.html,Virtualware to be Listed on the Paris Stock Exchange,BILBAO  Spain  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  will be listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in the coming weeks.,"BILBAO  Spain  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  will be listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in the coming weeks.To this end  it has already filed the corresponding application with Euronext  the pan-European stock exchange that groups together the stock exchanges of Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Oslo  Milan  and Dublin.Virtualware  founded in 2004  is one of the pioneering companies in the field of Virtual Reality  where its team of more than 50 people has already developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It is headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  and has a North American office in Hamilton (Canada).For the last decade and a half  it has been developing immersive solutions oriented to the industrial world and counts among its client base multinationals and institutions such as GE Hitachi  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technical University or EAN University  to name a few.Following approval by Euronext  the IPO will take place in the Access segment and follows a year and a half of preparation.Virtualware's CEO  Unai Extremo  explained that ""this is an important step in our path towards the growth and global expansion of our company  especially in the US and European markets. The IPO will strengthen our global position  increase our visibility and add a wider community of stakeholders to our mission.""At the end of 2021  the company  whose majority partners are its CEO Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera  its CTO or chief technology officer  was recognized as the world's most innovative company at the VR Awards 14 months ago.Its product VIROO  the world's pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.VIROO has received a patent in the United States and was named the best enterprise Virtual Reality solution at the VR Awards in 2019. The platform is already used by companies worldwide and has been used to develop strategic projects for defense ministries or critical infrastructure training projects. VIROO aims to become the standard for developing industrial Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Virtualware also participates in Evolv  a medical and digital health device manufacturer specializing in developing rehabilitation solutions based on immersive technologies.According to the annual report published by the company at the end of 2022  the company received ISO 27001 certification in recent months  signed contracts with leading international organizations  such as Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  Janssen  Invest WindsorEssex and the University of El Salvador  and began participating in events jointly with Microsoft in the United States.The company will announce the exact listing date and valuation in the coming weeks.Images:Photo of Unai Extremo  CEOhttps://www.virtualwareco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/DSC0703.jpgPhoto of the VIROO room in operation:https://www.virtualwareco.com/viroo/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator_For_Medical_Training_VIROO_1024-1.jpg",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Paris Stock Exchange', 'Virtualware', 'El Retoño Technical University', 'best enterprise Virtual Reality solution', 'digital health device manufacturer', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'industrial Virtual Reality applications', 'Spanish technology company Virtualware', 'virtual reality industry', 'chief technology officer', 'North American office', 'client base multinationals', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'leading international organizations', 'exact listing date', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'digital solution', 'CEO Unai Extremo', 'El Salvador', 'Spanish Ministry', 'stock exchanges', 'EAN University', 'strategic projects', 'industrial world', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European leaders', 'coming weeks', 'corresponding application', 'last decade', 'immersive solutions', 'GE Hitachi', 'Guardian Glass', 'Access segment', 'important step', 'global expansion', 'European markets', 'global position', 'wider community', 'majority partners', 'Sergio Barrera', 'VR Awards', 'pioneering VR', 'United States', 'rehabilitation solutions', 'immersive technologies', 'annual report', 'ISO 27001 certification', 'recent months', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'innovative company', 'a half', 'The IPO', 'VRaaS) platform', 'defense ministries', 'product VIROO', 'VIROO room', 'pioneering companies', '500 projects', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'end', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'Dublin', 'field', 'team', '50 people', '33 countries', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'institutions', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'approval', 'place', 'year', 'preparation', 'path', 'growth', 'visibility', 'stakeholders', 'mission', 'CTO', 'Service', 'sizes', 'development', 'deployment', 'patent', 'standard', 'Evolv', 'medical', 'contracts', 'Janssen', 'events', 'Microsoft', 'Images', 'Photo', 'virtualwareco', 'uploads', 'DSC0703', 'operation', 'Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18654,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-lead-future-orange-063000971.html,Press release: Lead the future: Orange presents its new strategic plan,Press releaseParis  16 February 2023 Lead the future: Orange presents its new strategic plan which aims to generate value from the recognized excellence of...,"OrangePress releaseParis  16 February 2023Lead the future: Orange presents its new strategic plan which aims to generate value from the recognized excellence of its core business and to grow sustainably in Europe  Africa and the Middle East. Orange also confirms the repositioning of its Enterprise activities in next generation connectivity solutions and the acceleration in cybersecurity.Accompanying the plan is an ambitious new company model placing at its heart social and environmental responsibility and operational excellence.Orange  a major digital player in Europe  Africa  and the Middle East  today presents its strategic plan Lead the future.This plan was designed to project Orange into the future and capitalize on its unique strengths in the telecoms sector. The quality of its core assets combined with a solid financial position allow it to address the many structural and economic challenges facing the industry. The explosion of digital uses is accompanied by ever-increasing customer demands  notably in terms of resilience  making the telecoms sector essential for years to come.Lead the future aims to respond to these challenges and focus Orange on its core business. This ambitious and pragmatic plan will build on the Group’s strengths to create value. Orange  a pioneer in fiber  will continue to deploy  innovate and invest in the best technologies to respond to its customers’ needs for reliability  security and resilience. In addition  Orange will consolidate its strong position in cybersecurity and undertake a complete re-positioning of its B2B activities to better meet the expectations of its customers. Finally  this plan strengthens the position of the Group in Africa and the Middle East  a region of high growth.At the launch of the Lead the future plan  Christel Heydemann  Orange’s CEO  said: “The quality of our infrastructure  where we are a pioneer in fiber  our customers’ satisfaction (NPS) and the expertise of our teams as well as our solid finances give us an unrivalled competitive advantage. In addition  thanks to our mastery of connectivity  security and resilience  Orange is uniquely placed in the sector. This plan aims to enhance and develop these strengths to position Orange as the group that builds the future of telecoms and digital solutions. Our aim is to achieve sustainable growth  particularly in cybersecurity  in Africa and in the Middle East. We have already taken the first steps with the sale of OCS  the consolidation projects in Spain and Belgium and targeted acquisitions in cybersecurity. To succeed  three principles will guide the company over the coming years: performance  excellence and trust.Story continuesI know I can count on the commitment of Orange employees for the success and flawless execution of this plan. By releasing our energies  “Lead the future” will facilitate the shaping of the future of telecoms as more efficient  more sustainable  more inclusive.”Lead the future is built on four pillars:1 - Capitalizing on our core business  to reinforce our excellence and service qualityAs the leader in fiber deployment in Europe with 46 million FTTH connections deployed by the Group at the end of 2022  representing almost a third of connections on the continent  Orange now has considerable technology assets. The excellence of the network  following significant investments  will enable the Group to strengthen its leadership in terms of customer experience.To achieve this  Orange will develop its use of Data and Artificial Intelligence to offer customers a personalized and seamless experience across its digital and physical channels.In addition to fiber  5G and “4G Home” which are already widely available  Orange will enhance its satellite offer in 2023 with a next generation commercial offer under its own brand in mainland France. The partnership with Eutelsat will enable the most isolated individuals and businesses to benefit from an improved Very High-Speed broadband experience for the price of fiber thanks to the new Konnect VHTS satellite.In Spain  the combination with MásMóvil will endow the future entity with the financial capacity and scale necessary to continue to invest and contribute to the development of competition through infrastructure  for the benefit of consumers and businesses.Through this leadership in networks  customer satisfaction and enriched offers  Orange intends to improve average revenue per offer (ARPO) despite difficult macro-economic conditions and intense competition.Finally  with its sights firmly set on the usages of tomorrow  Lead the future will capitalize on the expertise of researchers and colleagues dedicated to innovation to build new services and applications such as on-demand enterprise networks or the Wi-Fi of the future for the home.2 - Capitalizing on infrastructure in all the countries where the Group is activeThe Group will continue to invest in the development of fixed and mobile networks within a responsible financial framework. To do so  Orange will continue to engage in strategic partnerships (RAN Sharing and joint entities) to share financial costs and secure investments.Across the fixed line network  Orange will continue to deploy  operate  and market fiber connections with the deployment of 5 million additional fiber connections in Europe  where peak investment has already been reached  and 2 million connections in the MEA region by 2025.Across the mobile network  Orange will increase the value generated from its passive infrastructure by raising the third-party operator hosting rate from 1.37 in 2022 to 1.5 by 2026 for pylons owned by TOTEM  the Group’s European TowerCo. TOTEM  an Orange subsidiary  has all the strengths needed to be a key player in European consolidation.The Group will continue to modernize its fixed and mobile networks moving to very high-speed broadband with the decommissioning of the copper network in France and 2G and 3G networks in all its European countries by 2030. In Africa  Orange will continue to deploy fixed and mobile networks (4G and 5G)  to enable solid growth in its results and to support the continent’s economic and social development.Finally  Orange aims to better capitalize on its infrastructure through technology. The Group will achieve this through the enhanced use of data and AI to put in place a new industrial model for management of its networks: more effective  more resilient  and higher performing. “Network Integration Factories” will also accelerate the automation and virtualization of network management  as well as the provision of new services.3 - Transforming Orange Business Services to accelerate growth in the Enterprise segment and strengthen Orange’s position in cybersecurityThe internet  the cloud and collaborative software have all revolutionized companies’ digital usage  for example through the shift away from fixed line telephony and private networks. These developments call into question the traditional B2B Telco operator model. With Lead the future  Orange is profoundly transforming its model to adapt to the new realities of a market where the boundaries between networks and digital services are disappearing. Orange will therefore capitalize on its unique mastery of connectivity  security and resilience challenges.In this context  Orange Business Services is evolving to become Orange Business. This new name embodies the simplification that characterizes its entire transformation plan and underpins its purpose to forge the closest possible relationship with its customers. Orange Business will position itself as the leader for next generation connectivity solutions. This ambition is rooted in its globally recognized expertise in secure and trusted connectivity solutions which provide the foundation for companies’ digital transformation. It will also rest on a re-focusing of the range of services it offers  the evolution of its business model and a far-reaching program of cost optimization.This ambitious and demanding transformation plan will enable Orange Business to return to growth in profitability (EBITDAaL) by 2025 at the latest.In the cybersecurity sector  where the market is growing strongly  Orange has set itself the objective of becoming a European leader and is targeting revenues of 1.3 billion euros by 2025. To achieve this  Orange Cyberdefense will continue with its organic growth and a strategy of targeted acquisitions accelerating its push into the professional/SME segment and its entry into new markets such as B2C.4 - Continuing to grow in Africa and the Middle EastThe Africa and Middle East region has been a growth driver for the Group for many years and will remain at the heart of its strategy. As the telecoms operator serving one in ten Africans  Orange continues to invest in the deployment of its networks to further strengthen its position as a digital partner of reference in Africa and the Middle East. The Group has set the ambition of achieving average annual revenue growth of 7% between 2022 and 2025 as well as a significant increase in profitability over the same period.Orange will accelerate the transformation of Orange Money to pivot towards a digital platform model that will offer other services in addition to transfers and payments. This will be offered to all consumers  whether or not they are Orange customers  across all the countries in which the Group is present. At the end of 2022  Orange Money’s revenues had returned to growth  driven by the increase in its customer base to more than 29 million active users and over 100 billion euros worth of transactions during the year.A local partner in Africa and the Middle East through a dedicated subsidiary  Orange will continue to invest in infrastructure and work to promote digital inclusion across the African continent. The Group will build on its strong local relationships and its position as a multi-service operator  pursuing the deployment of its “Orange Digital Centers”.A new company model guided by responsibility and efficiencyLead the future will put in place a new company model guided by an ambitious policy of social and environmental responsibility. With global warming representing a major concern for us all  the Group is pushing ahead with its program to cut its CO 2 emissions  targeting a reduction of over 30% in scopes 1 and 2 in 2025 (from a 2015 base) and is making the additional commitment to reduce by 45% its emissions across scopes 1  2 and 3 by 2030 (from a 2020 base).Orange will also accelerate the deployment of its recycling program for mobile devices in Europe  moving from 23.1% today to over 30% by 2025. The long-term objective of reaching Net Zero Carbon by 2040 remains unchanged.The success of Lead the future will also be linked to the development of the Group’s business model: simpler  faster  more efficient. People  organizational agility and the simplification of processes will be at the heart of this transformation. The objective is to improve operational efficiency at Group level and accentuate its industrial approach geared towards excellence.In a world of disruptive technologies  the Group will invest in training and have proactive skills management based on anticipating needs. The Group will facilitate employee development towards new roles in data  cloud computing  cybersecurity and AI.Finally  the Group will continue to closely manage its costs. With the “Scale Up” efficiency plan  the company has already saved over 700 million euros between 2019 and 2022. Orange has set a target to save an additional 600 million euros by 2025  on a cost base of 11.8 billion euros.The Group’s investments peaked in 2022 and will fall from 18% of revenues to around 15% from 2023 and for the duration of the plan. This reduction is particularly centered on France and Europe  where most of the investments in fiber have already been made. All the same  Orange will continue to invest to further strengthen its network leadership.Within the framework of Lead the future  the Group has set its financial ambitions for 2025. These ambitions are based on clear objectives for return on investment and long-term value creation  with a view to ROCE growth of 100 to 150 basis points by 2025. The Group will manage rigorously its asset portfolio and pursue its carefully considered strategy in respect of acquisitions and partnerships. Orange will also maintain its discipline in relation to managing its debt and its balance sheet.2025 ObjectivesExcluding ongoing or future acquisitions  the Group’s 2025 objectives include:Low single digit growth in EBITDAaL (CAGR 2022-2025)Increased discipline in CapexContinued growth of organic cash flow from telecoms activities to reach 4 billion euros in 2025.A ratio of net debt to EBITDAaL unchanged at 2x in the medium termAn increase in the ROCE in 2025 versus 2022In line with the solid growth in its organic cash flow  the Group expects to increase its dividend floor to 72 cents in respect of the 2023 financial year (payable in 2024)  and to reach a new floor of 75 cents in respect of the 2024 financial year (payable in 2025). This remains subject to the approval of the Shareholder Meeting.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Orange’s financial situation  results of operations and strategy. Although we believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to us or not currently considered material by us  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect our financial results is included in the Universal Registration Document filed on 31 March 2022 with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) and in the annual report (Form 20-F) filed on 1st April 2022 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Other than as required by law  Orange does not undertake any obligation to update them in light of new information or future developments.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications carriers with sales of €42 billion in 2019 and 143 000 employees as at September 30  2020  including 83 000 in France. The Group has a total customer base of 257 million customers worldwide at Wednesday  September 30  2020  including 212 million mobile customers and 21 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies  under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its new ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group aims to be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information (online and on your mobile): www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Sylvain Bruno; sylvain.bruno@orange.com ; +33 6 86 17 88 89Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.25,0.11,True,English,"['new strategic plan', 'Press release', 'future', 'Orange', 'Very High-Speed broadband experience', 'next generation commercial offer', 'new Konnect VHTS satellite', 'next generation connectivity solutions', 'strong position in cybersecurity', 'ambitious new company model', 'unrivalled competitive advantage', 'MásMóvil', 'difficult macro-economic conditions', 'responsible financial framework', 'considerable technology assets', 'major digital player', '46 million FTTH connections', 'solid financial position', 'demand enterprise networks', 'new strategic plan', 'satellite offer', 'new services', 'digital solutions', 'customer experience', 'seamless experience', 'financial capacity', 'Enterprise activities', 'core assets', 'solid finances', 'strategic partnerships', 'Press release', 'core business', 'Middle East', 'environmental responsibility', 'many structural', 'digital uses', 'customer demands', 'best technologies', 'complete re-positioning', 'B2B activities', 'high growth', 'Christel Heydemann', 'sustainable growth', 'first steps', 'consolidation projects', 'three principles', 'flawless execution', 'four pillars', 'a third', 'significant investments', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'physical channels', 'mainland France', 'isolated individuals', 'customer satisfaction', 'average revenue', 'mobile networks', 'RAN Shar', 'pragmatic plan', 'economic challenges', 'customers’ needs', 'customers’ satisfaction', 'coming years', '4G Home', 'intense competition', 'unique strengths', 'service quality', 'operational excellence', 'fiber deployment', 'telecoms sector', 'future entity', 'The Group', 'Orange employees', 'future plan', 'Paris', '16 February', 'value', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'repositioning', 'acceleration', 'heart', 'social', 'industry', 'explosion', 'increasing', 'terms', 'resilience', 'pioneer', 'reliability', 'addition', 'expectations', 'region', 'launch', 'Lead', 'CEO', 'infrastructure', 'NPS', 'expertise', 'teams', 'mastery', 'aim', 'sale', 'OCS', 'Spain', 'Belgium', 'acquisitions', 'performance', 'trust', 'Story', 'commitment', 'success', 'energies', 'shaping', 'end', 'continent', 'Data', 'personalized', '5G', 'brand', 'Eutelsat', 'businesses', 'price', 'combination', 'scale', 'development', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'offers', 'ARPO', 'sights', 'usages', 'tomorrow', 'researchers', 'colleagues', 'innovation', 'applications', 'Wi-Fi', 'countries', 'fixed']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Orange-CEO-Interview-FY-2022-results-and-Capital-Markets-Day-2023-video-43003879/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Orange CEO Interview - FY 2022 results and Capital Markets Day 2023 (video),(marketscreener.com) Orange  one of the world's leading telecommunications operators  just published its 2022 annual results and hosted its Capital Markets Day 2023. Christel Heydemann  CEO of the Orange group  comments on the Group’s results and new strateg…,"Orange  one of the world's leading telecommunications operators  just published its 2022 annual results and hosted its Capital Markets Day 2023. Christel Heydemann  CEO of the Orange group  comments on the Group’s results and new strategic plan.Watch video interview and read transcript:https://www.eurobusinessmedia.com/video/full-year-2022-results-and-capital-markets-day-2023/Topics covered in the interview include:Highlights of Q4 2022Revenue trendEBITDAaLCommercial performanceCAPEXOutlook 2023 and conclusion""LEAD THE FUTURE"" Strategic Plan""LEAD THE FUTURE"" Deep DiveValue CreationGuidance 2023-2025ConclusionAbout OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion euros in 2021 and 136 500 employees worldwide at 30 September 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 286 million customers worldwide at 30 September 2022  including 240 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group will be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230216005473/en/",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Orange CEO Interview', 'Capital Markets Day', 'FY 2022 results', 'video', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'new strategic plan', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Revenue trend EBITDAaL', 'Value Creation Guidance', 'total customer base', 'Engage 2025"" strategic plan', 'View source version', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'FUTURE"" Strategic Plan', '240 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'Orange Business Services', '286 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'leading provider', 'Christel Heydemann', 'Commercial performance', 'Deep Dive', '42.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'environmental accountability', 'operator model', 'growth areas', 'innovation model', 'responsible employer', 'emerging professions', 'Euronext Paris', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', '2022 annual results', 'video interview', 'The Group', 'Orange group', 'world', 'CEO', 'transcript', 'eurobusinessmedia', 'full-year-2022-results', 'capital-markets', 'Topics', 'Highlights', 'Q4', 'CAPEX', 'Outlook', 'conclusion', 'sales', '136,500 employees', '30 September', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'December', 'social', 'data', 'AI', 'heart', 'attractive', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'businesswire', '2021']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18656,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FINECOBANK-S-P-A-16738485/news/Fineco-concludes-EUR300-million-fixed-rate-bond-issue-43009629/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Fineco concludes EUR300 million fixed-rate bond issue,(marketscreener.com) FinecoBank Spa announced Thursday that it has completed the placement of its second market issuance of senior preferred bond instruments aimed at qualified investors  for a total amount of EUR300 million and a coupon for the first 5 years…,"(Alliance News) - FinecoBank Spa announced Thursday that it has completed the placement of its second market issuance of senior preferred bond instruments aimed at qualified investors  for a total amount of EUR300 million and a coupon for the first 5 years of 4.625 percent compared to an initial guidance of 5-year Mid swap rate + 175 basis points.The transaction's final spread is the lowest for this type of instrument in 2023 in the Italian landscape  thanks to an overall demand of 4 times supply and credit quality.The issue registered an order volume of EUR1.2 billion  ""confirming the appreciation shown towards FinecoBank by the market also in the fixed-income segment. The placement allows the bank to have an additional buffer against the fully loaded MREL LRE requirement "" the company explained in a note.Only institutional investors  mainly asset managers and banks/private banks  participated in the placement.The issue was placed mainly to institutional investors in Italy  the United Kingdom  France  Germany and Austria.In detail  the issue has the following features: maturity 6 years with call option for the issuer on the fifth year  public placement  intended for trading on the regulated market managed by Euronext Dublin  rating of BBB by S&P Global  annual fixed-rate coupon for the first 5 years  floating-rate between the fifth and sixth years.Fineco trades in the green by 2.5 percent at EUR16.90 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.0,0.93,0.07,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['EUR300 million fixed-rate bond issue', 'Fineco', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'senior preferred bond instruments', '5-year Mid swap rate', 'Alliance News reporter', 'MREL LRE requirement', 'S&P Global', 'second market issuance', 'annual fixed-rate coupon', 'Italian landscape', 'qualified investors', 'total amount', 'initial guidance', '175 basis points', 'final spread', 'overall demand', '4 times supply', 'credit quality', 'order volume', 'fixed-income segment', 'additional buffer', 'institutional investors', 'asset managers', 'banks/private banks', 'United Kingdom', 'following features', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'first 5 years', 'sixth years', 'FinecoBank Spa', 'fifth year', 'public placement', '4.625 percent', 'transaction', 'type', 'issue', 'appreciation', 'company', 'note', 'Italy', 'France', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'detail', 'maturity', 'call', 'option', 'rating', 'BBB', 'green', '2.5 percent', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18657,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609343/0/en/Heineken-Holding-N-V-notes-FEMSA-s-intention-to-divest-its-shareholding-in-Heineken-Holding-N-V-and-Heineken-N-V.html,Heineken Holding N.V. notes FEMSA’s intention to divest its shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V.,Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA intends to divest its f…,"Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA intends to divest its full shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. and FEMSA’s representatives will resign from Heineken Holding N.V.’s Board of Directors and Heineken N.V.’s Supervisory Board with immediate effect.Heineken Holding N.V. respects FEMSA's decision to refocus its strategic priorities and would like to thank FEMSA for its contribution and support in growing the business over the past thirteen years.Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken and Michel de Carvalho  Executive Directors of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V.  commented: “We are grateful for the commitment and support of José Antonio Fernández Carbajal on the Board of Directors over the last thirteen years. We will miss him for his valuable contributions  guidance and collaboration.-END-Press enquiries Heineken Holding N.V.Kees JongsmaE-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlTel: +31-6-5479-8253Press enquiriesSarah Backhouse / Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Investor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark Matthews / Chris SteynE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN employs over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIO NA and HEIA NA and on Reuters under HEIO.AS and HEIN.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY) and Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY). Most recent information is available on Heineken Holding N.V.’s website or Heineken N.V.'s website and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.37,0.11,0.52,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'FEMSA', 'intention', 'shareholding', 'José Antonio Fernández Carbajal', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'past thirteen years', 'Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken', 'Michel de Carvalho', 'last thirteen years', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'Most recent information', 'Heineken® brand', 'price-sensitive information', 'strategic review', 'full shareholding', 'immediate effect', 'strategic priorities', 'valuable contributions', 'Press enquiries', 'Kees Jongsma', 'Sarah Backhouse', 'Michael Fuchs', 'analyst enquiries', 'Mark Matthews', 'Chris Steyn', 'participating interest', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO.AS', 'HEIN.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'press release', 'cost management', 'Better World', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Directors', 'Coca-Cola FEMSA', 'Amsterdam', 'announcement', 'outcome', 'retail', 'representatives', 'decision', 'support', 'business', 'commitment', 'guidance', 'collaboration', 'mail', 'nl', 'pressoffice', 'Investor', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'HKHHY', 'HEINY', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18658,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-Announces-2022-Full-Year-Results-on-23-February-2023-43001068/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Announces 2022 Full Year Results on 23 February 2023,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION 16 February 2023  07:00 CET BIOCARTIS ANNOUNCES 2022 FULL YEAR RESULTS ON 23 FEBRUARY 2023 Mechelen  Belgium  16 February 2023 – Biocartis Group NV   an innovative molecular diagnostics company   anno…,"PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION1 6 February 202 3   07:00 CETBIOCARTIS ANNOUNCES 2022 FULL YEAR RESULTS ON 23 FEBRUARY 2023Mechelen  Belgium  16 February 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  announces that it will report its 2022 full year results on 23 February 2023 at 07:00 CET.That day  the Biocartis management team will also host a conference call with live webcast presentation at 14:30 CET / 13:30h GMT (UK) / 08:30 EST (US).The live webcast presentation will be available through this link on the day of the event.on the day of the event. Only participants who want to ask a question and/or follow the event over the phone  are requested to register for the webcast presentation here. Upon registration  each participant will be provided with dial-in numbers and a unique personal PIN.While not required  it is recommended to join 5-10 minutes prior to the start of the call.Instructions are provided to ensure the necessary audio applications are downloaded and installed. Users can obtain these programs at no charge. The conference call and webcast will be conducted in English. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Biocartis investors’ website shortly after.--- END ---More information:e-mail: ir@biocartis.com@Biocartis_ www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.08,0.82,True,English,"['2022 Full Year Results', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '23 February', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'unique personal PIN', 'necessary audio applications', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'FULL YEAR RESULTS', 'live webcast presentation', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Biocartis management team', 'Biocartis investors’ website', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'molecular testing', 'product labeling', 'The Biocartis', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'intended uses', 'Exchange Commission', 'current expectations', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'future periods', 'conference call', 'BIOCARTIS ANNOUNCES', 'Company directors', 'universal access', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'other factors', 'future events', 'future performance', 'February', '07:00 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', '14:30 CET', '13:30h', 'UK', 'link', 'day', 'participants', 'question', 'phone', 'registration', 'dial', 'numbers', '5-10', 'start', 'Instructions', 'Users', 'programs', 'charge', 'English', 'replay', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', '08:30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18659,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-HOLDING-N-V-6407/news/Heineken-Holding-N-V-notes-FEMSA-s-intention-to-divest-its-shareholding-in-Heineken-Holding-N-V-an-43001362/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Heineken Holding N.V. notes FEMSA's intention to divest its shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V.,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA in…,"Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA intends to divest its full shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. and FEMSA’s representatives will resign from Heineken Holding N.V.’s Board of Directors and Heineken N.V.’s Supervisory Board with immediate effect.Heineken Holding N.V. respects FEMSA's decision to refocus its strategic priorities and would like to thank FEMSA for its contribution and support in growing the business over the past thirteen years.Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken and Michel de Carvalho  Executive Directors of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V.  commented: “We are grateful for the commitment and support of José Antonio Fernández Carbajal on the Board of Directors over the last thirteen years. We will miss him for his valuable contributions  guidance and collaboration.-END-Press enquiries Heineken Holding N.V.Kees JongsmaE-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlTel: +31-6-5479-8253Press enquiriesSarah Backhouse / Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Investor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark Matthews / Chris SteynE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN employs over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIO NA and HEIA NA and on Reuters under HEIO.AS and HEIN.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY) and Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY). Most recent information is available on Heineken Holding N.V.’s website or Heineken N.V.'s website and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.11,0.52,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'FEMSA', 'intention', 'shareholding', 'José Antonio Fernández Carbajal', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'past thirteen years', 'Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken', 'Michel de Carvalho', 'last thirteen years', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'Most recent information', 'Heineken® brand', 'price-sensitive information', 'strategic review', 'full shareholding', 'immediate effect', 'strategic priorities', 'valuable contributions', 'Press enquiries', 'Kees Jongsma', 'Sarah Backhouse', 'Michael Fuchs', 'analyst enquiries', 'Mark Matthews', 'Chris Steyn', 'participating interest', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO.AS', 'HEIN.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'press release', 'cost management', 'Better World', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Directors', 'Coca-Cola FEMSA', 'Amsterdam', 'announcement', 'outcome', 'retail', 'representatives', 'decision', 'support', 'business', 'commitment', 'guidance', 'collaboration', 'mail', 'nl', 'pressoffice', 'Investor', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'HKHHY', 'HEINY', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18660,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fourth-quarter-sales-fy-2022-060000747.html,FOURTH QUARTER SALES & FY 2022 RESULTS,FOURTH QUARTER SALES & FY 2022 RESULTS: Record results in FY 2022 and lowest-ever indebtedness ratio Delivering on our Power Up 2025 strategic plan Entering ...,"REXELFOURTH QUARTER SALES & FY 2022 RESULTS: Record results in FY 2022 and lowest-ever indebtedness ratioDelivering on our Power Up 2025 strategic planEntering 2023 with positive momentum→ FY22: Record results - Delivering on our Power Up 2025 strategic journey→ FY 22 sales of €18 701.6m  up +14.1% on a same day basis  driven by both volume and prices. Sales growth boosted by accelerating electrification trends in Europe.Q4 22 sales of €4 802.3m  up +12.3% on a constant and same-day basis→ FY adj. EBITA of €1 368.5m  up +35.7% and adjusted EBITA margin at 7.3% (up +118 bps) from robust activity coupled with our more efficient organization. Adj. EBITA margin includes 66 bps of positive one-off effects from inventory price inflation on non-cable products  net of higher performance-linked bonuses→ Recurring net income up +58.6% in FY 2022 to €911.8m  reaching a new all-time high  leading to a record dividend of €1.20 per share.→ Record positive Free Cash Flow before interest and tax of €873.3m in FY 2022 (€680.6m in 2021). Lowest-ever full-year indebtedness ratio at 0.96x. Rating upgraded in 2022 by both S&P and Moody's.→ Active portfolio management with 5 acquisitions and 4 disposals  including the operations announced in January 2023  fully in line with our strategy. The combined net effect is positive on sales  profitability and ROCE→ 2023 outlook: Same-day sales growth of between 2% and 6%  adjusted EBITA margin between 6.3% and 6.7% and conversion of free cash flow before interest and tax above 60%→ Power up 2025 : Well on track to deliver our 2022-2025 ambitionsKey figures1 (€m) - Actual FY 2022 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 18 701.6 +27.3% On a constant and actual-day basis +13.8% On a constant and same-day basis +14.1% Gross margin2 3 4 892.2 +16.1% As a percentage of sales 26.2% 53 bps Adjusted EBITA2 1 368.5 +35.7% As a percentage of sales 7.3% 118 bps Reported EBITA 1 344.8 +39.5% Operating income 1 343.0 +47.3% Net income 922.3 +54.3% Recurring net income 911.8 +58.6% FCF before interest and tax 873.3 +28.3% Net debt at end of period 1 458.4 €93m decrease1 See definition in the Glossary section of this document 2 Change at comparable scope of consolidation 3 Adjusted for non-recurring copper effectStory continuesGuillaume TEXIER  Chief Executive Officer  said:“Rexel had another excellent year in 2022  performing above the upgraded guidance it provided in Q3 and confirming that Rexel can consistently deliver in terms of profitability  agility and resilience. The Group’s record results enable it to pay an all-time high dividend to shareholders. The indebtedness ratio  below 1 time for the first time ever  leaves ample room for value-creating acquisitions and further share buybacks. 2022 was also the year that saw a step change in electrification trends worldwide. We are entering 2023 with a solid platform to drive further growth  continuing to harness powerful and sustainable electrification trends  deploy our digitalization strategy and heighten our focus on ESG  as illustrated by our inclusion in the CAC 40 ESG Index. We are also unveiling today our purpose statement  which points to our key role in electrification and to our focus on sustainability. Building on Rexel’s achievements  as well as on its engaged and highly-performing teams  we are well on track to achieve our Power Up 2025 objectives presented last June.” FINANCIAL REVIEW FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31  20222022 consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 15  2023. They have been audited by statutory auditors.The following terms: Reported EBITA  Adjusted EBITA  EBITDA  EBITDAaL  Recurring net income  Free Cash Flow and Net Debt are defined in the Glossary section of this document.Unless otherwise stated  all comments are on a constant and adjusted basis and  for sales  at same number of working days.SALESIn Q4  sales were up +17.8% year-on-year on a reported basis and up +12.3% on a constant and same-day basis.In the fourth-quarter  Rexel posted sales of €4 802.3 million  up +17.8% on a reported basis  including:A positive currency effect of €152.7 million (i.e. 3.7% of Q4 2021 sales)  mainly due to the appreciation of the US and Canadian dollars;A positive net scope effect of €164.9 million (i.e. 4.0% of Q4 2021 sales)  mainly resulting from the acquisitions of Mayer and Horizon Solutions in the US and Trilec in Belgium;A negative calendar effect of (3.0)%.Key figures (€m) Q4 2022 YoY change FY 2022 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 802.3 +17.8% 18 701.6 +27.3% On a constant and actual-day basis +9.3% +13.8% On a constant and same-day basis +12.3% +14.1%In Q4 2022  sales were up +12.3% on a constant and same-day basis (or +9.3% on a constant and actual-day basis)  with growth well balanced between volumes and selling price increases on non-cable products in all geographies.The same-day sales growth of +12.3% in the quarter resulted from a +6.0% rise in volumes  an increase of +7.2% in the selling price of non-cable products and a decrease of (0.8)% on copper-based cable prices.While volumes were robust in the quarter both in Europe  growing by +7.2%  and in North America up +6.4%  they were down (3.3)% in Asia-Pacific  notably due to New Zealand and the pandemic situation in China in December.Same-day sales growth benefited from the boost in electrification in four product categories (Solar  Electric Vehicle charging infrastructure  HVAC and Industrial Automation)  which grew by +30% in Q4 and represented 20% of sales at Group level. This is fully in line with the Power Up 2025 ambition to grow those businesses at twice the pace of the ED business.We posted further growth in digitalization in all three geographies  with digital sales now representing 26.7% of sales  up +308bps compared to Q4 2021. Trends were positive in Europe (37.2% of sales  an increase of +169 bps)  Asia-Pacific (up +16bps  to 5.5% of sales) and North America (17.4% of sales  an increase of +390 bps) with the strong progression in the US fueled by the company's transformation journey.In addition  we have also further implemented our digital strategy and more specifically:Accelerated the development of our User Interface  User experience and customer experience by improving content  visibility  navigation  page flow…;Scaled up AI solutions deployment to fuel growth and performance  extending Next Best Offer and the Pricing module  to two additional countries.In FY 2022  Rexel posted sales of €18 701.6 million  up +27.3% on a reported basis. On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +14.1%  including positive impacts from volume of +4.3%  non-cable copper prices of +8.6% and change in copper-based cable prices (+1.2% vs. a positive impact of +5.2% in 2021).The +27.3% increase in sales on a reported basis included:A positive currency effect of €668.8 million (i.e. +4.6% of FY 2021 sales)  mainly due to the appreciation of the US and Canadian dollars;A positive net scope effect of €1 081.1 million (i.e. +7.4% of FY 2021 sales)  mainly resulting from the acquisition of Mayer and Horizon Solutions in the US and Trilec in Belgium  offsetting the disposals of businesses including Rexel Spain and Portugal;A broadly neutral calendar effect of (0.3)%.Europe (51% of Group sales): +16.0% in Q4 and +13.9% in FY  on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter   sales in Europe increased by +13.3% on a reported basis  including:A negative currency effect of (0.4)%  or €(8.7) million  mainly due to the depreciation of the Swedish Krona and the British pound against the euro;A negative scope effect of (0.8)%  or €(16.8) million  from the net effects between the acquisition of Trilec in Belgium and the disposals of Rexel Spain & Portugal;A negative calendar effect of (1.4)%.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +16.0%  including a positive volume contribution +7.2% and a price effect of +8.9%.Key figures (€m) Q4 2022 YoY change FY 2022 YoY change Europe 2 460.6 +16.0% 9 408.1 +13.9% France 933.0 +15.1% 3 503.8 +10.8% Scandinavia 324.9 +13.5% 1 203.7 +13.9% Benelux 306.6 +23.8% 1 098.6 +20.9% Germany 253.0 +22.6% 979.6 +20.2% UK 195.7 +10.2% 809.6 +11.7% Switzerland 166.7 +6.9% 618.4 +5.6%In Europe  electrification trends continue to support our growth  with our three product families (solar  EV charging infrastructure and HVAC) growing by more than 60% (contributing for 810bps of same-day sales growth in Europe in Q4 22) and representing more than 18% of sales.Sales in France (38% of the region’s sales) posted solid +15.1% growth  outperforming the market in Q4 and FY. The quarter was driven by growth acceleration in all end-markets.Sales in Scandinavia (13% of the region’s sales) were up +13.5%  notably driven by industrial activity and strong demand in solar products.Benelux (12% of the region’s sales) was up +23.8%  with market outperformance in the Netherlands thanks to the very strong growth in Solar  EV and HVAC (36% of sales).Sales in Germany (10% of the region’s sales) were up +22.6%  with further market share gains. Demand is accelerating very strongly in solar (c. 60% of the country's growth) as a result of efforts to increase the country's energy independence.In the UK (8% of the region’s sales)  sales were up +10.2%  despite lower contribution (-330bps in Q4 22) from projects with the Department of Education (school air filtration and CO2 equipment).North America (42% of Group sales): +10.2% in Q4 and +16.3% in FY on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter   sales in North America were up +27.7% on a reported basis  including:A positive currency effect of +10.1%  or €158.8 million  due to the appreciation of the US and Canadian dollars against the euro;A positive scope effect of +11.6%  or €181.7 million  from the acquisition of Mayer and Horizon Solutions in the US;A negative calendar effect of (5.3)%.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +10.2%  including +6.4% from volume growth and +3.8% from price effect.Key figures (€m) Q4 2022 YoY change FY 2022 YoY change North America 2 000.5 +10.2% 7 893.5 +16.3% United States 1 637.3 +9.4% 6 425.4 +16.8% Mountain Plains +31.4% +34.5% Gulf Central +24.3% +33.8% California +23.1% +20.6% Midwest +20.0% +20.5% Florida +12.3% +18.9% Northeast +9.3% +7.3% Northwest +5.9% +16.2% Southeast (0.5) % +8.9% Canada 363.2 +14.0% 1 468.0 +14.2%In North America  the four product families contributing to electrification grew c. 11% and represented c. 18% of sales (including Industrial automation for 12.6% of sales and Solar for 4.1%).In the US (82% of the region’s sales)  sales were up +9.4% in Q4 22  driven by robust demand in the Commercial and Industrial end-markets  offsetting the declining trend in residential activity. The backlog remains very high  up +4% vs. Q3 2022 (or up c. 95% vs Q4 21)  representing c. three months of sales.In Canada (18% of the region’s sales)  sales grew by +14.0% on a same-day basis. The strong performance was notably supported by the Proximity end-market and Industrial activities (O&G and mining contributing for 240bps and 190bps respectively).Asia-Pacific (7% of Group sales): +0.7% in Q4 and +3.9% in FY on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter   sales in Asia-Pacific were up +0.8% on a reported basis  including:A positive currency effect of +0.8%  or €2.6 million  due to the appreciation of the Australian dollar and  to a lesser extent  the Chinese renminbi;A negative calendar effect of (0.7)%.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +0.7%  including (3.3)% volume growth and +4.0% price effect.Key figures (€m) Q4 2022 YoY change FY 2022 YoY change Asia-Pacific 341.2 +0.7% 1 400.1 +3.9% Australia 153.0 +6.0% 598.5 +7.0% China 135.8 (2.6)% 589.2 +0.7%In the Pacific (54% of the region’s sales)  sales were up +4.9% on a constant and same-day basis: In Australia (83% of Pacific’s sales)  sales were up +6.0%  thanks to the Industrial and Commercial end-markets. The performance was consistent with H1 22 growth after a very strong Q3 22 that benefited from a favorable comparable base (lockdown in Q3 21).In Asia (46% of the region’s sales)  sales were down (3.8)% on a constant and same-day basis: In China (87% of Asia’s sales)  sales were down (2.6)%  impacted by Covid in December.PROFITABILITYAdjusted EBITA margin at 7.3% in FY 2022  up 118 bps compared to FY 2021FY 2022 (€m) Europe North America Asia-Pacific Holding Group Sales & AD growth 9 408 13.6% 7 893 16.1% 1 400 3.4% 18 702 13.8% Constant & SD basis 13.9% 16.3% 3.9% 14.1% Gross margin 2 606 2 019 267 4 892 % of sales 27.7% 17 bps 25.6% 70 bps 19.1% 132 bps 26.2% 53 bps Adj. EBITA 725 649 26 -31 1 369 % of sales 7.7% 55 bps 8.2% 190 bps 1.9% -50 bps 7.3% 118 bps Group contribution 34 bps 81 bps -5bps 8 bps 118 bpsThe +13.8% actual sales growth in FY 22 translated into gross margin improvement of +53 bps year-on-year  at 26.2% of sales  and an adjusted EBITA margin of 7.3%. The graph below details the +118 bps improvement in Adjusted EBITA margin:For the graph  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.The progression notably includes:A positive operating leverage impact of +156 bps  largely from our capacity to pass through price increases.A net positive non-recurring effect of circa +66bps as a result of: A positive one-off Gross Margin gain on non-cable inventory price inflation for +95bps A negative -29bps one-off effect from higher performance-linked bonuses  in a context of better-than-anticipated activity compared to our initial budgetAn opex inflation impact of -70 bps due to overall inflation of +4.1% including +3.7% in salary and +6.1% from other opex notably from increased Energy and fuel prices.Restated for non-recurring items in both 2021 and 2022  adjusted EBITA margin was up circa 91 bps  supported by robust activity coupled with our more efficient organization. Those tailwinds more than offset overall opex inflation.By geography:Europe: Gross margin was up + 17 bps vs. FY 2021 at 27.7% of sales. Adjusted EBITA margin was up +55 bps in 2022  at 7.7% of sales  benefiting from robust sales growth  offsetting investment in people  higher inflation in opex and negative country mix. The 7.7% adjusted Ebita margin 2022 includes c.75 bps of non-recurring impact from inventory price inflation on non-cable products  net of higher performance-linked bonuses.North America:Gross margin was up +70 bps vs. FY 2021 at 25.6% of sales. Adjusted EBITA margin was up +190 bps at 8.2% of sales  thanks to sales growth  pricing power and Mayer synergies. North America became the most profitable geography. The 8.2% adjusted Ebita margin 2022 includes c.60 bps of non-recurring impact from inventory price inflation on non-cable products  net of higher performance-linked bonuses.Asia-Pacific:Gross margin was up +132 bps year-on-year at 19.1% of sales. Adjusted EBITA margin was down -50 bps  at 1.9% of sales  due to lower activity and bad debt in China in a Covid context (-140bps impact on APAC's adjusted EBITA margin). The 1.9% adjusted Ebita margin 2022 includes c. 40 bps of non-recurring impact from inventory price inflation on non-cable products  net of higher performance-linked bonuses.At corporate level  adjusted EBITA amounted to €(31.5) million  in line with the normative level.As a result  adjusted EBITA stood at €1 368.5 million  up +35.7%  in FY 2022 and reported EBITA stood at €1 344.8 million (including a negative one-off copper effect of €(23.7) million)  up +39.5% year-on-year.Focusing on the bridge from EBITDA to Reported EBITA:EBITDA margin was up +38 bps at 9.0%Depreciation of Right of Use stands at €(220.5) million  up versus last year  notably explained by the active acquisitions strategyOther depreciation and Amortization stood at €(115.4) million  implying 0.6% of sales  slightly lower than the 0.7% in 2021.Key figures (€m) FY 2021 FY 2022 YoY change EBITDA 1 264.4 1 680.8 32.9 % % EBITDA margin 8.6 % 9.0 % Depreciation Right of Use (IFRS 16) (192.0) (220.5) Other depreciation and amortization (108.7) (115.4) Reported EBITA 963.7 1 344.8 39.5 %NET INCOMENet income of €922.3 million in 2022Recurring net income up +58.6% to €911.8 million in 2022Operating income in the full year stood at €1 343.0 million  up from €911.8 million in 2021.Amortization of intangible assets resulting from purchase price allocation amounted to €(13.9) million (vs. €(7.3) million in 2021)Other income and expenses amounted to a net positive income of €12.1 million (vs. a net charge of €(44.6) million in 2021) and included: €42.7 million net disposal gain related to sale of operations in Spain  Portugal and Russia€(10.9) million of acquisition and integration costs€(8.3) million related to abandonment of IT developments€(5.9) million of restructuring costs (vs €(5.6) million in 2021)Net financial expenses in the full year amounted to €(119.4) million (vs. €(133.1) million in 2021)  and can be broken down as follows:€(69.6) million in 2022 from financial cost before one-off expenses  change in fair value of derivatives and foreign exchange gains & losses compared to €(63.4) million in 2021. The increase is explained by higher average gross debt.€(46.5) million from interest on lease liabilities in 2022 vs €(40.4) million in 2021€(3.3) million in 2022 from others including one-offs  change in fair-value of derivatives  foreign exchange gains and losses  pensions vs €(29.3) million in 2021. The FY 2021 was affected by one-offs of €(22.6)m from the early repayment of the €500 million senior notes due in 2025 (coupon: 2.125%) completed at the end of May 2021 and the €600 million senior notes due in 2026 (coupon: 2.75%) completed in November 2021 refinanced by two Sustainability Linked bonds for €1bn maturing in 2028 at 2.125%.The effective interest rate decreased to 2.29% in 2022 compared to 2.42% in 2021  largely from the refinancing offsetting the rise in interest rates.Income tax in the full year represented a charge of €(301.2) million (vs. €(180.8) million in 2021) mainly reflecting the improvement of pre-tax income. In 2022  income tax expense benefited from the €12.8 million positive effect of the non-taxable gain on the disposal of Rexel Spain and Portugal while income tax expense in 2021 was impacted by a €26.5 million one-off gain related to the deferred tax asset recognition on tax losses carried forward  mainly in the UK and Germany.Effective tax rate stood at 24.6% in 2022 (25.7% excluding one-offs) compared to 23.2% in 2021 (26.6% excluding one-offs). The decrease in effective tax rate adjusted for one-offs mainly reflects the drop of the French tax rate.Net income in the full year was €922.3 million (vs. €597.6 million in 2021).Recurring net income amounted to €911.8 million in 2022  up +58.6% compared to 2021 (Appendix 3).FINANCIAL STRUCTUREFree cash-flow before interest and tax of €873.3 million in 2022Indebtedness ratio of 0.96x at December 31  2022In the full year  free cash flow before interest and tax was an inflow of €873.3 million (vs. an inflow of €680.6 million in 2021)  representing a free cash flow conversion rate (EBITDAaL into FCF before interest and taxes) of 61.4%  above guidance (> 60%).This net inflow included:EBITDAaL of €1 422.2 million (vs €1 035.2 million in 2021)  of which €(258.6) million of lease payments in 2022;An outflow of €(391.8) million from change in working capital (compared to an outflow of €(209.0) million in 2021)  consistent with the sales growth recorded in 2022. The change in trade working capital stood at €(346.6) million  combined with an outflow of (45.2) million from the change in non-trade working capital; As a percentage of sales over the last 12 months  on a constant basis  total working capital requirements amounted to 11.7% as of December 31  2022  compared to 11.1% in 2021  from an increase in non-trade working capital  while the trade WCR was stable at 14.0% of sales in 2022 (vs 13.9% in 2021).A cash outflow from restructuring (€(10.9) million in 2022 vs €(12.5) million in 2021);A higher level of net capital expenditure (€(125.4) million vs. €(103.2) million in 2021). Gross capex stood at €(148.4) million and represented 0.8% of sales vs 0.7% in 2021  mainly on higher investment in automatized supply chain solution  in line with the Power Up 2025 strategy.Below FCF before interest and tax  the cash flow statement took into account:€(59.9) million of net interest paid in 2022 (vs €(56.1) million paid in 2021);€(310.8) million of income tax paid in the full-year  compared to €(199.0) million paid in 2021  from higher performance;€(56.6) million of financial investment  corresponding to the net effect between cash-out for the two acquisitions and proceeds from the three disposals;€(230.1) million of dividends paid in 2022 based on 2021 earnings (€0.75 per share);€(66.3) million of share buybacks as part of the four-year ambition of €400m;€(51.5) million of negative currency effects during the full year (vs a negative €(36.9) million in 2021) due to the strong appreciation of the US Dollar.At December 31  2022:Net financial debt decreased by €(92.8) million year-on-year at €1 458.4 million (vs €1 551.2 million at December 31  2021).T h e indebtedness ratio (Net financial debt/EBITDAaL)   as calculated under the Senior Credit Agreement terms  reached its lowest level ever at 0.96x  significantly lower than the 1.37x at December 31  2021.INCREASED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION WITH A PROPOSAL OF €1.20 PER SHARE  PAYABLE IN CASHRexel will propose to shareholders a record-high dividend of €1.20 per share  to be paid fully in cash. This represents a payout of 40% of the Group’s recurring net income  in line with Rexel’s policy of paying out at least 40% of recurring net income.This dividend  payable in cash on May 11  2023 (detachment date on May 9th)  will be subject to approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held in Paris on April 20  2023.ON TRACK TO ACHIEVE OUR POWER UP 2025 OBJECTIVESOur record 2022 results put us well on track to achieve the 2022-2025 four-year objectives presented at our Capital Markets Day in June. That includes our financial targets as well as our capital allocation and business ambitions.Power Up 2025 Year 1 achievements 4% to 7% organic growth over 4 years 14.1% same-day sales growth 6.5% to 7% adj. Ebita margin in 2025 7.3%1 adj. Ebita margin FCF conversion above 60% each year 61.4% FCF conversion Share buyback of €400m over 4 years €66m completed M&A contribution to sales up to €2bn in 4 years €500m of sales acquired Divestments of between €200m & €500m of sales €450m of sales disposed 40% of digital sales in 2025 +25% of digital revenues; i.e. 27% of Q4 2022 sales Becoming a leader in ESG Net Zero ambition validated by SBTiincluding 66bps of non-recurring itemsREXEL'S PURPOSEIn order to support our strategic roadmap  we announced today our purpose :""Electrifying solutions that make a sustainable future possible""Each of the words in our purpose statement resonates:“Electrifying” is a reference to electricity and electrification  but also to the passion of our teams.“Solutions” covers both products and services.“A sustainable future” notably refers to our ESG focus as well as new energies  innovation  digital advanced services are strong internal drivers.“Make possible” refers to our unique role in the value chain. We partner with suppliers and professionals to propose the best products and push new services to the market to help make the energy transition a reality.ACTIVE PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENTRexel recently announced three transactions to reinforce its portfolio and its local footprint in key regions. They include :Two acquisitions of quality businesses in North America : one in the US  with further market share gains and one in Canada  complementary to our existing footprint.The disposal of Rexel's activity in Norway.The combined operations will contribute positively to our sales  earnings and Return On Capital Employed in year 1.Acquisition of Buckles Smith Electric Company in the USOn January 5th  Rexel US signed and closed the acquisition of Buckles Smith Electric Company  a regional industrial automation distributor  the last independent player in the region. Based in Santa Clara  California  the company generated USD150m of sales in 2022  through 6 branches and 153 employees.Buckles Smith is a high-quality company with higher profitability than Rexel's North American average. This acquisition is highly synergistic with our other Rockwell specialized distribution territories as well as with our Californian operations. It strengthens our position in the region and allow us to gain further market share in California  the biggest addressable market in the US (c. 13% of the total US market).Acquisition of Lineman’s Testing Laboratories in CanadaOn January 17th  Rexel Canada signed and closed the acquisition of Lineman’s Testing Laboratories  a leading provider of high-voltage electrical services and products to the utility and industrial markets. The company was founded in Toronto in 1958  has 63 employees and generated c. 25m of sales in 2022.This acquisition will be a valuable complement to Rexel’s portfolio  notably for the utility market.Disposal of operations in NorwayRexel also announces the signing of the divestment of its operations in Norway to Kesko on January 27. Rexel’s activities in Norway  generating sales of approximately €250m in 2022  were less profitable than Group average and presented less strategic and value creation potential for the future. The completion of the transaction is subject to the approval of Norway’s competition authority.Since January 1  2021  through 10 transactions  Rexel has acquired c. €1.5bn of sales and it has carried out 6 divestments representing c. €0.5bn of sales  materially enhancing the Group’s growth and profitability profile and reinforcing its capabilities to address the challenges and opportunities of the energy transition and electrification trends.OUTLOOKLeveraging our transformation and enhanced efficiency  we target for 2023  at comparable scope of consolidation and exchange rates:Same-day sales growth of between 2% and 6%An adjusted EBITA 1 margin of between 6.3% and 6.7%Free cash flow conversion2 above 60%1 Excluding (i) amortization of PPA and (ii) the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices.2 FCF Before interest and tax/EBITDAaLNB: The estimated impacts per quarter of (i) calendar effects by geography  (ii) changes in the consolidation scope and (iii) currency fluctuations (based on assumptions of average rates over the rest of the year for the Group's main currencies) are detailed in appendix 6CALENDARApril 20  2023 First-quarter 2023 salesApril 20  2023 2023 Annual Shareholders' MeetingMay 9  2023 Detachment date of the dividendMay 11  2023 Dividend paymentJuly 28  2023 Second-quarter sales and H1 2023 resultsFINANCIAL INFORMATION2022 consolidated financial statements are available on the Group’s website (www.rexel.com).A slideshow of the fourth-quarter sales and full-year 2022 results publication is also available on the Group’s website.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS / INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSBrunswick: Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comGLOSSARYREPORTED EBITA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes and Amortization) is defined as operating income before amortization of intangible assets recognized upon purchase price allocation and before other income and other expenses.ADJUSTED EBITA is defined as Reported EBITA excluding the estimated non-recurring net impact from changes in copper-based cable prices.EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization) is defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization and before other income and other expenses.EBITDAaL is defined as EBITDA after deduction of lease payment following the adoption of IFRS16.RECURRING NET INCOME is defined as net income restated for non-recurring copper effect  other expenses and income  non-recurring financial expenses  net of tax effect associated with the above items.FREE CASH FLOW is defined as cash from operating activities minus net capital expenditure.NET DEBT is defined as financial debt less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt includes debt hedge derivatives.APPENDIXFor appendix  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.DISCLAIMERThe Group is exposed to fluctuations in copper prices in connection with its distribution of cable products. Cables accounted for approximately 19% of the Group's sales and copper accounts for approximately 60% of the composition of cables. This exposure is indirect since cable prices also reflect copper suppliers' commercial policies and the competitive environment in the Group's markets. Changes in copper prices have an estimated so-called ""recurring"" effect and an estimated so called ""non-recurring"" effect on the Group's performance assessed as part of the monthly internal reporting process of the Rexel Group: i) the recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the change in value of the copper part included in the sales price of cables from one period to another. This effect mainly relates to the Group’s sales; ii) the non-recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the effect of copper price variations on the sales price of cables between the time they are purchased and the time they are sold  until all such inventory has been sold (direct effect on gross profit). Practically  the non-recurring effect on gross profit is determined by comparing the historical purchase price for copper-based cable and the supplier price effective at the date of the sale of the cables by the Rexel Group. Additionally  the non-recurring effect on EBITA corresponds to the non-recurring effect on gross profit  which may be offset  when appropriate  by the non-recurring portion of changes in the distribution and administrative expenses.The impact of these two effects is assessed for as much of the Group’s total cable sales as possible  over each period. Group procedures require that entities that do not have the information systems capable of such exhaustive calculations to estimate these effects based on a sample representing at least 70% of the sales in the period. The results are then extrapolated to all cables sold during the period for that entity. Considering the sales covered. the Rexel Group considers such estimates of the impact of the two effects to be reasonable.This document may contain statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements. By their nature  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in the Universal Registration Document registered with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on March 10  2022 under number D.22-0083.These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of Rexel's future performance  Rexel's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity as well as development of the industry in which Rexel operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this communication and Rexel does not undertake  unless required by law or regulation  to update any of the forward-looking statements after this date to conform such statements to actual results to reflect the occurrence of anticipated results or otherwise.The market and industry data and forecasts included in this document were obtained from internal surveys  estimates  experts and studies  where appropriate  as well as external market research  publicly available information and industry publications. Rexel  its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees have not independently verified the accuracy of any such market and industry data and forecasts and make no representations or warranties in relation thereto. Such data and forecasts are included herein for information purposes only.This document includes only summary information and must be read in conjunction with Rexel’s Universal Registration Document registered with the AMF on March 10  2022 under number D.22-0083  as well as the financial statements and consolidated result and activity report for the 2021 fiscal year which may be obtained from Rexel’s website (www.rexel.com).Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.17,0.15,True,English,"['FOURTH QUARTER SALES', 'FY 2022 RESULTS', 'Record positive Free Cash Flow', 'Power Up 2025 strategic plan', 'Power Up 2025 strategic journey', 'ever full-year indebtedness ratio', 'positive net scope effect', 'Actual FY 2022 YoY change', 'Power Up 2025 objectives', 'positive currency effect', 'positive one-off effects', 'recurring copper effect', 'negative calendar effect', 'lowest-ever indebtedness ratio', 'higher performance-linked bonuses', 'Active portfolio management', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'combined net effect', '2022 consolidated financial statements', 'Recurring net income', 'inventory price inflation', 'CAC 40 ESG Index', 'sustainable electrification trends', 'same day basis', 'YoY change Sales', 'FOURTH QUARTER SALES', 'Adj. EBITA margin', 'Same-day sales growth', 'positive momentum', 'comparable scope', 'Net debt', 'Record results', 'record dividend', 'Operating income', 'FINANCIAL REVIEW', 'same number', 'step change', 'price increases', 'selling price', 'FY adj.', 'same-day basis', 'robust activity', 'efficient organization', 'S&P', '2022-2025 ambitions', 'Key figures1', 'Glossary section', 'Guillaume TEXIER', 'high dividend', 'ample room', 'solid platform', 'purpose statement', 'key role', 'statutory auditors', 'working days', 'Canadian dollars', 'Horizon Solutions', 'actual-day basis', 'adjusted basis', 'FY 2022 RESULTS', 'cable products', 'The Group', 'share buybacks', 'digitalization strategy', 'PERIOD ENDED', 'following terms', 'FY 22 sales', 'Q4 22 sales', 'Q4 2021 sales', 'excellent year', 'first time', 'value-creating acquisitions', '5 acquisitions', '1 time', 'REXEL', 'FY22', 'volume', 'prices', 'Europe', 'constant', '66 bps', 'interest', 'tax', 'Moody', '4 disposals', 'operations', 'January', 'line', 'profitability', 'ROCE', '2023 outlook', 'conversion', 'track', 'percentage', 'EBITA2', 'FCF', 'definition', 'document', 'consolidation', 'Story', 'guidance', 'Q3', 'agility', 'resilience', 'shareholders', 'powerful', 'focus', 'inclusion', 'sustainability', 'achievements', 'engaged', 'issue', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'EBITDA', 'comments', 'fourth-quarter', 'appreciation', 'Mayer', 'Trilec', 'Belgium', 'geographies', '+6.0% rise', '7.', '0.', '3.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18661,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-provides-update-on-ema-regulatory-review-of-leniolisib-for-apds-in-europe-301748492.html,Pharming provides update on EMA regulatory review of leniolisib for APDS in Europe,"EMA Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib changed to standard review timetable LEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the Euro…","EMA Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib changed to standard review timetableLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) has decided to shift its assessment of the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib to a standard review timetable. Leniolisib is an oral selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor under regulatory review as a treatment for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS)  a rare primary immunodeficiency  in adolescents and adults 12 years of age and older.Pharming has received the list of questions from EMA which included a request to submit updated data from the ongoing long-term extension study collected after the interim analysis included in the original MAA. Based on the timetable for our responses  Pharming expects that CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.Sijmen de Vries  CEO of Pharming commented:""We are continuing to work with EMA through the MAA review process and remain dedicated to seeking regulatory approval of leniolisib within the European Economic Area. In the US  the FDA's priority review of the leniolisib NDA remains on track  with a PDUFA goal date of March 29  2023. We remain focused on achieving regulatory approvals and bringing leniolisib to patients living with APDS worldwide.""Following the grant of accelerated assessment in August 2022  EMA validated Pharming's MAA for leniolisib for scientific evaluation under an accelerated assessment by the CHMP in October 2022. The MAA is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III study of leniolisib  announced on February 2  2022  which met its co-primary endpoints of reduction in lymph node size and increase in percentage of naïve B cells in patients with APDS. Furthermore  safety data from the study showed that leniolisib was well tolerated by participants. Also submitted as part of the original MAA were data from a long-term  open-label extension clinical trial in patients with APDS treated with leniolisib.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Rao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546.2. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97.3. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.4. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.5. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.6. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.7. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.8. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: [email protected]US PREthan Metelenis E: [email protected] T: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan Caley E: [email protected] T: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.22,True,English,"['EMA regulatory review', 'Pharming', 'update', 'leniolisib', 'APDS', 'Europe', 'long-term, open-label extension clinical trial', 'oral selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'ongoing long-term extension study', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'naïve B cells', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Phase II/III registration-enabling study', 'normal immune system function', 'EMA Marketing Authorisation Application', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Phase II/III study', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'European Economic Area', 'lymph node size', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'adaptive immune system', 'innate immune system', 'effective therapeutic target', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Human Medicinal Products', 'numerous cellular functions', 'protein replacement therapies', 'white blood cells', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'PDUFA goal date', 'permanent lung damage', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'standard review timetable', 'MAA review process', 'class IA PI3K', 'human trial', 'immune function', 'delta isoform', 'immune cells', 'primary endpoints', 'immune diseases', 'regulatory review', 'priority review', 'cell functions', 'precision medicines', 'gene therapies', 'hematopoietic cells', 'T cells', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'interim analysis', 'regulatory approval', 'scientific evaluation', 'Balanced signaling', 'progressive disease', 'genetic testing', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'cell survival', 'hematopoietic origin', 'central role', 'lesser extent', 'healthy subjects', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'original MAA', 'The MAA', 'updated data', 'positive data', 'safety data', 'accelerated assessment', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', 'cytokine production', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'leniolisib NDA', 'leniolisib MAA', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'Phase 1', 'PI3Kα', 'PI3Kβ', 'PI3Kγ', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'CHMP', 'treatment', 'APDS', 'adolescents', 'adults', '12 years', 'list', 'questions', 'request', 'responses', 'opinion', '2H', 'CEO', 'FDA', 'track', 'March', 'patients', 'grant', 'August', 'October', 'February', 'reduction', 'percentage', 'participants', 'million', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'symptoms', 'variety', 'conditions', 'lymphoma', 'conversion', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'B-cells', 'neutrophils', 'macrophages', 'valid', 'lives', 'biologics']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,prnewswire.com
18662,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-DON-T-NOD-launching-of-approximately-EUR-40-million-capital-increase-43010528/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Don't Nod Entertainment :  DON'T NOD  launching of approximately EUR 40 million capital increase to accelerate its long-term development in the action-RPG segment,(marketscreener.com)  Capital increase : a reserved offering through an accelerated book-building process and a public offering through the PrimaryBid platformIssue Price of new shares : €10 per shareSubscription commitment : a minimum of €35 million fro…,"Capital increase : a reserved offering through an accelerated book-building process and a public offering through the PrimaryBid platformIssue Price of new shares : €10 per shareSubscription commitment : a minimum of €35 million from TencentParis  February 16  2023 - DON'T NOD  an independent studio that creates  develops and publishes video games  today announces the launch of a capital increase for an approximate €40 million to accelerate its post-2025 development strategy.The fundraising consists of a capital increase with cancellation of the preferential subscription right to the benefit of a specified category of persons (the “Reserved Offering”)  as well as a capital increase by way of a public offering with cancellation of the preferential subscription right for individual investors via the PrimaryBid platform (the “PrimaryBid Offering”).After two years of investment  international deployment  and the implementation of its integrated developer-publisher model  DON'T NOD begins 2023 with 2 new video games slated for release this year – Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden  in partnership with Focus Entertainment and Harmony: The Fall of Reverie. At the same time  DON'T NOD is continuing to develop its 2023/25 pipeline with 4 additional original creations and 2 external co-productions (Studio Tolima and Tiny Bull Studios).The funds raised from this new offering will be used mainly to accelerate DON'T NOD's development strategy beyond 2025 and achieve its growth goals strengthening:its action-RPG department  to consolidate its presence in this very pomissing segment  for larger-scale games  richer in terms of game mechanics and allowing players to immerse themselves in even more-engaging stories. With already one successful intellectual property (Vampyr) and a new one to be released in 2023 (Banishers)  DON'T NOD is developing a new self-published game (Project 12) that will represent a step up in terms of production value;the marketing and publishing departments  with an acceleration of high-level talent recruitment to expand the company's internal expertise while pursuing distribution partnerships to secure revenues.In connection with the Reserved Offering  Tencent Holdings Limited (‘Tencent') – a shareholder in DON'T NOD for over 2 years – is confident in the Paris-based studio's future development and has committed to subscribing for a minimum of €35 million through its subsidiary  Proxima Beta Europe BV. Following the fundraising  the composition of DON'T NOD's board of directors will remain unchanged.“This year marks a major milestone for DON'T NOD with the first releases of our highly value-creating 2023/25 pipeline ” said Oskar Guilbert  Chairman and CEO of DON'T NOD. “This fundraising should allow us to finance our next growth cycle beyond 2025 in a segment with strong and proven business potential. Tencent's support  as an industry leader and key shareholder partner  confirms our strategic roadmap and provides the company with the stability essential for its long-term development. This strengthened partnership will enable us to take advantage of the various growth drivers in the video game industry.”TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF FUNDRAISINGIn accordance with the decisions of the Board of Directors held on February 10  2023 and of the Chairman of the Board (acting through a sub-delegation) as of today  the fundraising will be carried out through two distinct but concurrent offerings:an offering by way of issuance of new ordinary shares with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons (in accordance with the 12 th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022)   this Reserved Offering being addressed only to the category of investors defined as follows: investment companies and investment funds under French or foreign law that invest or have invested over the past five (5) years in the video game or multimedia products sector; companies that are members of an industrial group governed by French or foreign law and whose business is (i) similar to that of the Company (video game design and development studio) or (ii) complementary to that of the Company in the fields of production  publishing and distribution  whether or not integrated  of video games or multimedia product.resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022)   this Reserved Offering being addressed only to the category of investors defined as follows: an offering by way of issuance of new ordinary shares with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights through a public offering primarily intended for individual investors via the PrimaryBid platform (in accordance with the 10th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022).Allocation of new shares under the PrimaryBid Offering will be proportional to demand within the limit of the amount allocated to this PrimaryBid Offering ; allocations are subject to reduction should demand be in excess on the basis of Article L. 225-136 of the Commercial Code.The Reserved Offering will be completed via an accelerated book-building  at the end of which  the number of new shares to be issued will be determined. The final number of shares to be issued for the Reserved Offering and for the PrimaryBid Offering will exclusively depend on the orders received for each offer  without the possibility of reallocating this number from the PrimaryBid Offering to the Reserved Offering. It is specified that the PrimaryBid Offering is ancillary to the Reserved Offering and shall represent a maximum of 20% of the Fund Raising  within the limit of €8 million.The price per share of the Reserved Offering will be equal to €10  representing a discount of 5 2% compared to the closing price of the DON'T NOD share on February 16  2023 (i.e. €10.55).The subscription price of the new shares within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering will be equal to the price of the new shares offered within the framework of the Reserved Offering.The number of ordinary shares issued  and the total amount of subscriptions will be decided by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  under the sub-delegation granted by the Company's Board of Directors on February 10  2023.The Reserved Offering is launched with immediate effect. The PrimaryBid Offering also commences immediately and will close today at 10 p.m.  subject to any early closing. The Reserved Offering is expected to close before the opening of the Euronext markets on February 17  2023 subject to early closing or extension. The Company will disclose the results of the Reserved Offering and the PrimaryBid Offering - notably the number of shares for issue - as promptly as possible upon completion of the book-building via a press release.The settlement-delivery of the new shares and their admission to trading on Paris' Euronext Growth® market are scheduled for February 21  2023. The new shares will be subject to all the statutory provisions and assimilated to the existing shares upon final completion of the capital increases. Such shares will bear current dividend rights  to be admitted for trading on Euronext Growth® Paris market on the same listing line as the Company's shares that are already listed under the same ISIN code – FR0013331212 - ALDNE.Pursuant to Article 1(4) of EU Regulation 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  the Reserved Offering and the PrimaryBid Offering will not require the publication of a prospectus subject to the approval of the French Financial Market Authority (the ‘AMF').FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES & ADVISORSTP ICAP Midcap acts as Lead Manager and Bookrunner for this Reserved Offering.Within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering  investors may only subscribe via the PrimaryBid platform (https://primarybid.fr/) or through PrimaryBid partners listed on the PrimaryBid website.CBR & Associés (François Le Roquais) acts as legal counsel for this Reserved Offering. ACTUS finance & communication act as financial communication adviser.OFFERING GUARANTEENone of the Reserved Offering or the PrimaryBid Offering is subject to a guarantee. That being said  the Reserved Offering Placement is subject to the terms of a Placement Agreement between DON'T NOD and TP ICAP Midcap as Lead Manager and Bookrunner.RISK FACTORSAttention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  as set out in section 5 of the management report included in the 2021 annual financial report published on the Company's website on April 29  2022 and available free of charge from the Company website (www.dontnod-bourse.com). The occurence of all or some of these risks could have an adverse impact on the Company's business  financial position  earnings  growth and outlook. The risk factors set out in the said management report are identical to those applicable as of the date of this press release.Furthermore  investors are advised to consider the following risks related to the issue: (I) the market price of the Company's shares may fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued as part of the Offering  (ii) the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares may fluctuate significantly  (iii) disposals of the Company's shares on the market could have an adverse impact on the Company's share price  and (iv) the Company's shareholders may be exposed to substantial dilution resulting from any future capital increases required in connection with the Company's fundraising initiatives.DISCLAIMERThe Company specifies that  to its knowledge  no potential investor holds insider information.This press release may not be released  published or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or any other country in violation of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.This press release is not constitute (and there will be no) an offer for sale or subscription  or an announcement of a forthcoming offer for sale or subscription  or a solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe  or an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for securities of the Company in  or to residents  inhabitants or citizens of the United States  Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation without registration  exemption from registration or qualification is not permitted under the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction or does not satisfy the requirements of the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction.The Company's securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  or any other securities regulatory authority  state or jurisdiction of the United States. The Company's securities may not be directly or indirectly offered  sold  resold  transferred or delivered in the United States except pursuant to a valid exemption from the registration requirements imposed by the US Securities Act and in accordance with the applicable laws of any state or jurisdiction of the United States. In addition  there will be no public offering of securities in the United States.This press release may only be distributed (A) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the US Securities Act (i) to persons in the United Kingdom (a) with professional investment experience who fall within the definition of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  or (b) who are high net worth entities within the meaning of Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  or (c) to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Company or any member of its group may lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated; (ii) persons in any other member state of the European Economic Area who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended); (iii) certain qualified and/or institutional investors in other selected jurisdictions  in accordance with applicable restrictions ; and to persons in the United States who are ""qualified institutional buyers"" as defined in and in reliance on Rule 114A of the US Securities Act or another exemption from registration or a transaction not subject to registration under the US Securities Act.The Company shall not be liable if any person should violate the foregoing restrictions.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GuilbertChief Executive OfficerBenoît Gisbert-MoraChief Financial Officerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PuissantAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAnne-Catherine BonjourPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 - acbonjour@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xm9uZcZulZiUlZqelZ1ta5KWamlkyGmWbWSYmGOZa8nJbpppxmxnaJebZnBpm2hr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78635-cp_dne_lancement_suzie_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.54,0.45,0.01,True,English,"['40 million capital increase', 'long-term development', 'action-RPG segment', 'Entertainment', 'DON', 'NOD', 'EUR', 'Proxima Beta Europe BV', 'one successful intellectual property', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", 'integrated developer-publisher model', '4 additional original creations', 'Tiny Bull Studios', 'high-level talent recruitment', 'Combined General Meeting', 'next growth cycle', 'various growth drivers', ""DON'T NOD"", 'multimedia products sector', 'video game design', 'new self-published game', 'value-creating 2023/25 pipeline', 'proven business potential', 'key shareholder partner', 'past five (5) years', 'new ordinary shares', 'post-2025 development strategy', 'video game industry', 'Tencent Holdings Limited', '2 new video games', 'new one', 'Subscription commitment', 'new shares', 'growth goals', 'game mechanics', 'industry leader', 'New Eden', 'larger-scale games', 'new offering', 'future development', 'long-term development', 'development studio', 'Capital increase', 'book-building process', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Issue Price', 'independent studio', 'two years', 'international deployment', 'Focus Entertainment', 'same time', '2 external co-productions', 'Studio Tolima', 'action-RPG department', 'engaging stories', 'internal expertise', 'Paris-based studio', 'major milestone', 'first releases', 'Oskar Guilbert', 'strategic roadmap', 'two distinct', 'concurrent offerings', 'foreign law', 'industrial group', 'Article L.', 'reserved offering', 'public offering', 'PrimaryBid Offering', '12 th resolution', '10th resolution', 'individual investors', 'pomissing segment', 'production value', 'publishing departments', 'distribution partnerships', 'investment companies', 'investment funds', '2 years', 'minimum', 'February', 'launch', 'fundraising', 'cancellation', 'benefit', 'specified', 'category', 'persons', 'way', 'implementation', 'Banishers', 'Ghosts', 'Harmony', 'The', 'Fall', 'Reverie', 'presence', 'terms', 'players', 'Vampyr', 'Project', 'step', 'marketing', 'acceleration', 'company', 'revenues', 'connection', 'subsidiary', 'composition', 'board', 'directors', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'strong', 'support', 'stability', 'advantage', 'CONDITIONS', 'accordance', 'decisions', 'sub-delegation', 'today', 'issuance', 'June', 'French', 'members', 'fields', 'Allocation', 'demand', 'amount', 'reduction', 'excess', 'basis', 'Commerci']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRAYONANO-AS-120976700/news/CrayoNano-Q4-2022-Financial-Results-43002261/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,CrayoNano : Q4 2022 Financial Results,(marketscreener.com)  Trondheim  Norway   CrayoNano AS is pleased to announce its Q4 2022 Financial Results and to provide an update on the private placing. During 2022  CrayoNano launched the CrayoLED™ H-Series   an ultraviolet-C light emitting diode sem…,"Trondheim  NorwayCrayoNano AS (NOTC:CNANO) is pleased to announce its Q4 2022 Financial Results and to provide an update on the private placing. During 2022  CrayoNano launched the CrayoLED™ H-Series (CLH-N3S)  an ultraviolet-C light emitting diode (UV-C LED) semiconductor packaged component and began building an order-book as key system integrator customers incorporate our UV-C LED into their product designs.Jo Uthus  CEO said:""We are exceptionally proud of everything we accomplished in 2022. In a challenging period for any business  we successfully launched our first in a series of disruptive UV-C LED and have in a short period of time built a strong sales funnel with significant customer interest and activity. We have engaged with over 100 potential customers  creating more than 140 sales leads  and have begun shipping samples for product trials and testing. The resulting demand and feedback we have received has been beyond our initial expectations  as we are now actively working with a larger number of customers to create manufacturing backlog.This year  we will complete our planned private placement  followed by a listing on the Euronext Growth market. This is the start of the next chapter of growth for CrayoNano and we are excited to bring our story to a wider audience of investors as part of the listing.""Product UpdateOn 6 October 2022  CrayoNano launched the CrayoLED™ H-Series (CLH-N3S)  an ultraviolet-C light emitting diode (UV-C LED) semiconductor packaged component. CrayoLED's quality-driven design meets the high standards for reliability and performance in the fast-growing disinfection and sanitization markets.The CrayoLED™ H-series is optimized for disinfection at a typical peak wavelength of 275 nm. Its small package footprint (3.5 mm x 3.5 mm) and high-power performance easily integrates into systems for residential  municipal  industrial and commercial segments  enabling system miniaturization and longer lasting solutions.Preliminary results of the CrayoLED™ CLH-N3S H-Series UV-C LED Room Temperature Operating Life (RTOL) test also conducted by an independent  accredited third-party testing and qualification expert company was released and made available to customers for reducing the customer design-in timeline and accelerating time to revenues.The lifetime tests aim to demonstrate the quality and reliability of the CrayoLED™ and generate data for our customers design-in support and facilitating a reduced design-in time.Market and CustomersIn the short period of time since product launch on October 6  CrayoNano has reached out to more than 100 customers for the CrayoLED H-series. We have registered over 140 new customer leads and have shipped product samples to 40 customers - working directly with a smaller number of customers for their design-in execution. This is in line with our controlled market entry plan - although exceeding internal expectations on the number of customer engagements for the initial phase.Our customers cover European  US  Canadian and some Southeast Asian markets  spanning a wide range of application areas - with the majority of the customer applications in the water disinfection market - both Point of Use and Point of Entry applications.CrayoNano is expecting the average design-in cycle of customers to be 6 to 12 months  depending on the start of production as well as their requirements for internal characterization and qualification.Operational UpdateAs part of our planned operational ramp-up  we have spent the latter half of 2022 testing the production yields to ensure our final production levels are of sufficient quality. This testing will continue through 2023  while we ship smaller unit orders to customers for testing  to ensure readiness for high volume manufacturing from 2024.The initial inventory of products in our Norway warehouse supports fulfillment of initial pilot customer orders as well as sampling products to customers in support of their design-in and qualification process.The CrayoNano Taiwan warehouse is expected to be operational in Q1-23  ready to fulfill the majority of volume for our global customer base.In the CrayoNano Taiwan branch 'CrayoNano Fab2' - the CrayoNano cleanroom was installed  tested  and commissioned during Q4-22. The build and commissioning of the cleanroom was on-budget  and the internal wafer manufacturing capacity will support the company's transition from a fab-less to a fab-lite model.Financial UpdateDuring the final quarter of 2022  we recorded NOK 0.4m of revenue in the quarter as we begin shipping test units to potential customers. These early shipments were recorded at a 22% gross margin  below our intended operating level on account of the low scale. Payroll and related costs were NOK 6.4m in Q4 (8.6m Q4'21)  whilst other operating costs increased to NOK 17.4m (3.2m Q4'21) on account of the increasing costs of preparing our operations for scale. For the period  net loss before tax was NOK 25.6m (11.5m Q4'21).As part of the planned ramp up  we continue to invest in building an inventory of finished goods and invest in our fabrication capabilities. During the period  NOK 5.5m (15.9m Q4'21) was invested in CAPEX  with the total cash use during the period totalling NOK 29.8m (15.6m Q4'21). At the end of the period  cash on hand totalled NOK 10.2m (100.1m Q4'21).Capital Raise UpdateAs announced on 13 January 2023  CrayoNano has signed a loan agreement with its three largest shareholders of total NOK 27.5 million. Provided that the private placement is successful  the full loan amount will be converted into equity at equal terms.The planned private placement will conclude soon  with a listing on the Euronext Growth market shortly thereafter. Prior to completion  we will share more information on the possibility to participate as a private shareholder.Conference Call DetailsCrayoNano's CEO  Jo Uthus  and CFO  Jens Kielland will host an analyst and investor video webcast today at 10:00 CET. The live video webcast will be accessible via the company's website here.A video replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web link.For more information  please contact:CEO Jo UthusMail: investor@crayonano.comPhone: +47 72 90 98 60About CrayoNanoCrayoNano develops and manufactures semiconductor components based on our expertise and technology in nanomaterials. Utilising our patented and proprietary technology  our first application targets the fast-growing disinfection market with high quality and performance driven UV-C LEDs.The company is headquartered in Trondheim  Norway  applying a fab-lite model with a global supply chain and worldwide footprint to provide our customers with innovative semiconductor devices. Our vision is to enable new applications and solutions in health & safety  water purification  life sciences  consumer and industrial goods  and automotive industries. CrayoNano is registered on OTC in Norway under the ticker: CNANO.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.23,True,English,"['Q4 2022 Financial Results', 'CrayoNano', 'CrayoLED™ CLH-N3S H-Series UV-C LED Room Temperature Operating Life', 'UV-C LED) semiconductor packaged component', 'ultraviolet-C light emitting diode', 'controlled market entry plan', 'independent, accredited third-party testing', 'internal wafer manufacturing capacity', 'initial pilot customer orders', 'disruptive UV-C LED', 'key system integrator customers', 'The CrayoNano Taiwan warehouse', 'intended operating level', 'other operating costs', 'The CrayoLED™ H-series', 'typical peak wavelength', 'small package footprint', 'longer lasting solutions', 'smaller unit orders', 'significant customer interest', 'global customer base', 'strong sales funnel', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CrayoNano Taiwan branch', '140 new customer leads', 'Euronext Growth market', 'water disinfection market', 'final production levels', 'high volume manufacturing', 'Q4 2022 Financial Results', 'qualification expert company', 'CrayoLED H-series', '140 sales leads', 'manufacturing backlog', 'system miniaturization', 'customer engagements', 'internal expectations', 'internal characterization', 'initial expectations', 'high standards', 'sanitization markets', 'Preliminary results', 'initial phase', 'Norway warehouse', 'related costs', 'increasing costs', 'Financial Update', 'customer design', 'customer applications', 'smaller number', 'private placing', 'product designs', 'Jo Uthus', 'product trials', 'resulting demand', 'private placement', 'next chapter', 'wider audience', 'growing disinfection', 'commercial segments', 'RTOL) test', 'lifetime tests', 'product launch', 'US, Canadian', 'wide range', 'application areas', '6 to 12 months', 'operational ramp-up', 'latter half', 'production yields', 'initial inventory', 'qualification process', 'fab-lite model', 'final quarter', 'test units', 'early shipments', '22% gross margin', 'net loss', 'ramp up', 'CrayoNano AS', 'CrayoNano Fab2', 'challenging period', 'short period', 'Product Update', 'Operational Update', 'larger number', 'quality-driven design', 'high-power performance', 'product samples', 'average design', 'sufficient quality', 'low scale', '100 potential customers', 'NOK 0.4m', 'CrayoNano cleanroom', '100 customers', '40 customers', 'Trondheim', 'NOTC', 'CNANO', 'order-book', 'CEO', 'everything', 'business', 'activity', 'shipping', 'feedback', 'listing', 'start', 'story', 'investors', '6 October', 'reliability', '275 nm', '3.5 mm', 'systems', 'industrial', 'timeline', 'revenues', 'data', 'support', 'reduced', 'execution', 'majority', 'Point', 'cycle', 'requirements', 'readiness', 'products', 'fulfillment', 'Q4-22', 'build', 'commissioning', 'budget', 'transition', 'account', 'Payroll', 'operations', 'tax', 'finis']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18664,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/15/2609057/0/en/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Final-NAV.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/01/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.2635 £ 24.0105 Final MTD return -1.82 % -1.70 % Final YTD return -1.82 % -1.70 % Final ITD return 172.64 % 140.11 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-15,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18665,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/Wendel-Growth-invests-in-Brigad-an-online-tool-connecting-self-employed-professionals-with-hospital-43001370/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments,(marketscreener.com) Press release – February 16  2023 Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments Wendel   through its Wendel Growth1 investment arm  announced today the acqu…,"Press release – February 16  2023Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishmentsWendel (Euronext: MF.FP)  through its Wendel Growth1 investment arm  announced today the acquisition of a minority stake in Brigad with an equity investment of €7 million.Brigad is an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments.Brigad meets a dual need:offering companies operating in tense sectors the support they need by connecting them with a community of around 15 000 skilled professionals and meeting the growing demand for more flexible and diversified work patterns. Indeed  self-employed professionals are free  allowing them to choose their missions and arrange their work  according to their personal schedule and professional objectives.Founded in 2016  Brigad has been a mission-driven company since 2020. It now operates in the 5 main cities in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Bordeaux and Marseille) as well as in London  Manchester and Birmingham. Brigad has 150 employees.Antoine Izsak  Head of Growth Equity  said:« We have been very impressed by the level of satisfaction expressed by talents and companies who are using Brigad. We look forward to working with Brigad to expand the company's mission and technical skills of its teams far beyond its current borders  into new geographies and sectors.”Florent Malbranche  Brigad CEO  stated:""We are delighted to welcome Wendel into Brigad's capital as it shows its willingness to invest and promote professions. In addition  its financial expertise will be a major asset for Brigad's future growth.""About Wendel Growth:With Wendel Growth (formerly Wendel Lab)  Wendel invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies. With close to €192 million already committed through the initiative in recent years  Wendel Growth seeks direct investment and coinvestment opportunities in startups. To make these direct investments  like the 2019 investment in AlphaSense and Tadaweb that should be finalized in 2023  Wendel Growth is supported by a team experienced in this asset class  including Antoine Izsak  who joined Wendel early 2022 as Head of Growth Equity. Mr. Izsak was previously Investment Director at Bpifrance. Wendel’s ambition is to invest up to €50 million in scale ups in Europe and North America and will continue to invest in funds.More information: https://www.wendelgroup.com/en/companies/wendel-growth/1 Formerly Wendel LabAgendaMarch 17  20232022 Full Year Results—Publication of NAV as of December 31  2022 (pre-market release)April 28  2023Q1 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (pre-market release)June 15  2023Annual General MeetingJuly 28  2023H1 2023 results—Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (pre-market release).October 27  2023Q3 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (pre-market release).December 7  20232023 Investor DayAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Wendel Growth', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'care establishments', 'Brigad', 'hospitality', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Wendel Growth1 investment arm', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', '2023 Investor Day Attachment', '2022 Full Year Results', 'diversified work patterns', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'Wendel Lab Agenda', 'care establishments Wendel', 'financial expertise', 'H1 2023 results', 'equity investment', 'direct investment', 'Investment Director', 'Press release', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'MF.FP', 'minority stake', 'dual need', '15,000 skilled professionals', 'growing demand', 'personal schedule', 'professional objectives', '5 main cities', 'Antoine Izsak', 'Growth Equity', 'technical skills', 'current borders', 'new geographies', 'Florent Malbranche', 'major asset', 'future growth', 'recent years', 'coinvestment opportunities', 'asset class', 'Mr. Izsak', 'scale ups', 'North America', 'More information', 'pre-market release', 'tense sectors', 'mission-driven company', 'Brigad CEO', '2019 investment', 'February', 'hospitality', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'support', 'community', 'flexible', 'missions', 'France', 'Paris', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Bordeaux', 'Marseille', 'London', 'Manchester', 'Birmingham', '150 employees', 'Head', 'level', 'satisfaction', 'talents', 'teams', 'capital', 'willingness', 'professions', 'addition', 'funds', 'initiative', 'startups', 'AlphaSense', 'Tadaweb', 'ambition', 'Europe', 'wendelgroup', 'wendel-growth', 'March', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'December', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'September']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18666,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2610121/0/en/Second-convening-of-the-Extraordinary-Shareholder-Meeting-on-March-8-2023.html,Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023,Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023   Paris  France  February 16  2023 – 6.00 pm CET – Pixium Vision SA...,English FrenchSecond convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023Paris  France  February 16  2023 – 6.00 pm CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  informs its shareholders that its extraordinary shareholder meeting  convened a second call to vote on the same agenda as the extraordinary shareholder meeting of February 15  2023. The meeting will be held on Wednesday  March 8  2023 at 10:30 a.m. at the Company's registered office. The extraordinary shareholder meeting of the Company initially scheduled for February 15  2023 could not deliberate as it did not obtain the legally required quorum. The shareholders present  having given a proxy or having voted by mail  represented together 16 101 576 shares out of the 77 190 979 shares with voting rights (i.e. a quorum representing 20.86% of the share capital).The meeting notice announcing the second call will be published in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on February 24  2023 and will contain the terms and conditions of participation and voting.In accordance with the provisions of Articles R. 225-77 and R. 225-79 of the French Commercial Code  the proxy or postal voting forms received by the Company for the initial extraordinary shareholder meeting that was scheduled on February 15  2023  will remain valid as long as the shares are still registered.The agenda and the text of the resolutions of the initial extraordinary shareholder meeting  that was scheduled on February 15  2023  in the notice that was published in the BALO n°12 of January 27  2023  remain unchanged.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Second convening', 'March', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'initial extraordinary shareholder meeting', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'French Commercial Code', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'postal voting forms', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'English French', 'la Vision', 'University hospital', 'meeting notice', 'Second convening', 'independent lives', 'second call', 'registered office', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'same agenda', 'BALO n°', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'March', 'France', 'February', 'CET', 'patients', 'sight', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', '10:30 a', 'quorum', 'proxy', 'mail', '16,101,576 shares', '77,190,979 shares', 'terms', 'conditions', 'participation', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'text', 'resolutions', 'January', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'The', 'Entreprise', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'investors', 'lifesciadvisors', 'gvanrenterghem', 'Attachment', '6.00', '41']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,globenewswire.com
18667,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-16603793/news/Second-convening-of-the-Extraordinary-Shareholder-Meeting-on-March-8-2023-43010462/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023,(marketscreener.com)  Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023 Paris  France  February 16  2023 – 6.00 pm CET – Pixium Vision SA   a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients wh…,Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023Paris  France  February 16  2023 – 6.00 pm CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  informs its shareholders that its extraordinary shareholder meeting  convened a second call to vote on the same agenda as the extraordinary shareholder meeting of February 15  2023. The meeting will be held on Wednesday  March 8  2023 at 10:30 a.m. at the Company's registered office. The extraordinary shareholder meeting of the Company initially scheduled for February 15  2023 could not deliberate as it did not obtain the legally required quorum. The shareholders present  having given a proxy or having voted by mail  represented together 16 101 576 shares out of the 77 190 979 shares with voting rights (i.e. a quorum representing 20.86% of the share capital).The meeting notice announcing the second call will be published in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on February 24  2023 and will contain the terms and conditions of participation and voting.In accordance with the provisions of Articles R. 225-77 and R. 225-79 of the French Commercial Code  the proxy or postal voting forms received by the Company for the initial extraordinary shareholder meeting that was scheduled on February 15  2023  will remain valid as long as the shares are still registered.The agenda and the text of the resolutions of the initial extraordinary shareholder meeting  that was scheduled on February 15  2023  in the notice that was published in the BALO n°12 of January 27  2023  remain unchanged.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Second convening', 'March', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'initial extraordinary shareholder meeting', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'French Commercial Code', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'postal voting forms', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'la Vision', 'University hospital', 'meeting notice', 'Second convening', 'independent lives', 'second call', 'registered office', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'same agenda', 'BALO n°', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'March', 'France', 'February', 'patients', 'sight', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', '10:30 a', 'quorum', 'proxy', 'mail', '16,101,576 shares', '77,190,979 shares', 'terms', 'conditions', 'participation', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'R.', 'text', 'resolutions', 'January', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'The', 'Entreprise', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'gvanrenterghem', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Attachment', '6.00', '41']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,marketscreener.com
18668,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/dontnod/cp/2023/02/16/don_t-nod-launching-of-approximately-eur-40-million-capital-increase-to-accelerate-its-long-term-development-in-the-action-rpg,DON'T NOD  launching of approximately EUR 40 million capital increase to accelerate its long-term development in the action-RPG segment,DON'T NOD  launching of approximately EUR 40 million capital increase to accelerate its long-term development in the action-RPG segment,"16/02/2023 - 18:45Capital increase : a reserved offering through an accelerated book-building process and a public offering through the PrimaryBid platformIssue Price of new shares : €10 per shareSubscription commitment : a minimum of €35 million from TencentParis  February 16  2023 - DON'T NOD  an independent studio that creates  develops and publishes video games  today announces the launch of a capital increase for an approximate €40 million to accelerate its post-2025 development strategy.The fundraising consists of a capital increase with cancellation of the preferential subscription right to the benefit of a specified category of persons (the “Reserved Offering”)  as well as a capital increase by way of a public offering with cancellation of the preferential subscription right for individual investors via the PrimaryBid platform (the “PrimaryBid Offering”).After two years of investment  international deployment  and the implementation of its integrated developer-publisher model  DON'T NOD begins 2023 with 2 new video games slated for release this year – Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden  in partnership with Focus Entertainment and Harmony: The Fall of Reverie. At the same time  DON'T NOD is continuing to develop its 2023/25 pipeline with 4 additional original creations and 2 external co-productions (Studio Tolima and Tiny Bull Studios).The funds raised from this new offering will be used mainly to accelerate DON'T NOD's development strategy beyond 2025 and achieve its growth goals strengthening:its action-RPG department  to consolidate its presence in this very pomissing segment  for larger-scale games  richer in terms of game mechanics and allowing players to immerse themselves in even more-engaging stories. With already one successful intellectual property (Vampyr) and a new one to be released in 2023 (Banishers)  DON'T NOD is developing a new self-published game (Project 12) that will represent a step up in terms of production value;the marketing and publishing departments  with an acceleration of high-level talent recruitment to expand the company's internal expertise while pursuing distribution partnerships to secure revenues.In connection with the Reserved Offering  Tencent Holdings Limited (‘Tencent') – a shareholder in DON'T NOD for over 2 years – is confident in the Paris-based studio's future development and has committed to subscribing for a minimum of €35 million through its subsidiary  Proxima Beta Europe BV. Following the fundraising  the composition of DON'T NOD's board of directors will remain unchanged.“This year marks a major milestone for DON'T NOD with the first releases of our highly value-creating 2023/25 pipeline ” said Oskar Guilbert  Chairman and CEO of DON'T NOD. “This fundraising should allow us to finance our next growth cycle beyond 2025 in a segment with strong and proven business potential. Tencent's support  as an industry leader and key shareholder partner  confirms our strategic roadmap and provides the company with the stability essential for its long-term development. This strengthened partnership will enable us to take advantage of the various growth drivers in the video game industry.”TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF FUNDRAISINGIn accordance with the decisions of the Board of Directors held on February 10  2023 and of the Chairman of the Board (acting through a sub-delegation) as of today  the fundraising will be carried out through two distinct but concurrent offerings:an offering by way of issuance of new ordinary shares with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons (in accordance with the 12 th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022)   this Reserved Offering being addressed only to the category of investors defined as follows: investment companies and investment funds under French or foreign law that invest or have invested over the past five (5) years in the video game or multimedia products sector; companies that are members of an industrial group governed by French or foreign law and whose business is (i) similar to that of the Company (video game design and development studio) or (ii) complementary to that of the Company in the fields of production  publishing and distribution  whether or not integrated  of video games or multimedia product.resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022)   this Reserved Offering being addressed only to the category of investors defined as follows: an offering by way of issuance of new ordinary shares with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights through a public offering primarily intended for individual investors via the PrimaryBid platform (in accordance with the 10th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022).Allocation of new shares under the PrimaryBid Offering will be proportional to demand within the limit of the amount allocated to this PrimaryBid Offering ; allocations are subject to reduction should demand be in excess on the basis of Article L. 225-136 of the Commercial Code.The Reserved Offering will be completed via an accelerated book-building  at the end of which  the number of new shares to be issued will be determined. The final number of shares to be issued for the Reserved Offering and for the PrimaryBid Offering will exclusively depend on the orders received for each offer  without the possibility of reallocating this number from the PrimaryBid Offering to the Reserved Offering. It is specified that the PrimaryBid Offering is ancillary to the Reserved Offering and shall represent a maximum of 20% of the Fund Raising  within the limit of €8 million.The price per share of the Reserved Offering will be equal to €10  representing a discount of 5 2% compared to the closing price of the DON'T NOD share on February 16  2023 (i.e. €10.55).The subscription price of the new shares within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering will be equal to the price of the new shares offered within the framework of the Reserved Offering.The number of ordinary shares issued  and the total amount of subscriptions will be decided by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  under the sub-delegation granted by the Company's Board of Directors on February 10  2023.The Reserved Offering is launched with immediate effect. The PrimaryBid Offering also commences immediately and will close today at 10 p.m.  subject to any early closing. The Reserved Offering is expected to close before the opening of the Euronext markets on February 17  2023 subject to early closing or extension. The Company will disclose the results of the Reserved Offering and the PrimaryBid Offering - notably the number of shares for issue - as promptly as possible upon completion of the book-building via a press release.The settlement-delivery of the new shares and their admission to trading on Paris' Euronext Growth® market are scheduled for February 21  2023. The new shares will be subject to all the statutory provisions and assimilated to the existing shares upon final completion of the capital increases. Such shares will bear current dividend rights  to be admitted for trading on Euronext Growth® Paris market on the same listing line as the Company's shares that are already listed under the same ISIN code – FR0013331212 - ALDNE.Pursuant to Article 1(4) of EU Regulation 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  the Reserved Offering and the PrimaryBid Offering will not require the publication of a prospectus subject to the approval of the French Financial Market Authority (the ‘AMF').FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES & ADVISORSTP ICAP Midcap acts as Lead Manager and Bookrunner for this Reserved Offering.Within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering  investors may only subscribe via the PrimaryBid platform (https://primarybid.fr/) or through PrimaryBid partners listed on the PrimaryBid website.CBR & Associés (François Le Roquais) acts as legal counsel for this Reserved Offering. ACTUS finance & communication act as financial communication adviser.OFFERING GUARANTEENone of the Reserved Offering or the PrimaryBid Offering is subject to a guarantee. That being said  the Reserved Offering Placement is subject to the terms of a Placement Agreement between DON'T NOD and TP ICAP Midcap as Lead Manager and Bookrunner.RISK FACTORSAttention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  as set out in section 5 of the management report included in the 2021 annual financial report published on the Company's website on April 29  2022 and available free of charge from the Company website (www.dontnod-bourse.com). The occurence of all or some of these risks could have an adverse impact on the Company's business  financial position  earnings  growth and outlook. The risk factors set out in the said management report are identical to those applicable as of the date of this press release.Furthermore  investors are advised to consider the following risks related to the issue: (I) the market price of the Company's shares may fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued as part of the Offering  (ii) the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares may fluctuate significantly  (iii) disposals of the Company's shares on the market could have an adverse impact on the Company's share price  and (iv) the Company's shareholders may be exposed to substantial dilution resulting from any future capital increases required in connection with the Company's fundraising initiatives.DISCLAIMERThe Company specifies that  to its knowledge  no potential investor holds insider information.This press release may not be released  published or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or any other country in violation of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.This press release is not constitute (and there will be no) an offer for sale or subscription  or an announcement of a forthcoming offer for sale or subscription  or a solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe  or an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for securities of the Company in  or to residents  inhabitants or citizens of the United States  Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation without registration  exemption from registration or qualification is not permitted under the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction or does not satisfy the requirements of the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction.The Company's securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  or any other securities regulatory authority  state or jurisdiction of the United States. The Company's securities may not be directly or indirectly offered  sold  resold  transferred or delivered in the United States except pursuant to a valid exemption from the registration requirements imposed by the US Securities Act and in accordance with the applicable laws of any state or jurisdiction of the United States. In addition  there will be no public offering of securities in the United States.This press release may only be distributed (A) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the US Securities Act (i) to persons in the United Kingdom (a) with professional investment experience who fall within the definition of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  or (b) who are high net worth entities within the meaning of Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  or (c) to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Company or any member of its group may lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated; (ii) persons in any other member state of the European Economic Area who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended); (iii) certain qualified and/or institutional investors in other selected jurisdictions  in accordance with applicable restrictions ; and to persons in the United States who are ""qualified institutional buyers"" as defined in and in reliance on Rule 114A of the US Securities Act or another exemption from registration or a transaction not subject to registration under the US Securities Act.The Company shall not be liable if any person should violate the foregoing restrictions.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth Paris",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.55,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['40 million capital increase', 'long-term development', 'action-RPG segment', 'DON', 'NOD', 'EUR', 'Proxima Beta Europe BV', 'one successful intellectual property', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", 'integrated developer-publisher model', '4 additional original creations', 'Tiny Bull Studios', 'high-level talent recruitment', 'Combined General Meeting', 'next growth cycle', 'various growth drivers', ""DON'T NOD"", 'multimedia products sector', 'video game design', 'new self-published game', 'value-creating 2023/25 pipeline', 'proven business potential', 'key shareholder partner', 'past five (5) years', 'new ordinary shares', 'post-2025 development strategy', 'video game industry', 'Tencent Holdings Limited', '2 new video games', 'new one', 'Subscription commitment', 'new shares', 'growth goals', 'game mechanics', 'industry leader', 'New Eden', 'larger-scale games', 'new offering', 'future development', 'long-term development', 'development studio', 'Capital increase', 'book-building process', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Issue Price', 'independent studio', 'two years', 'international deployment', 'Focus Entertainment', 'same time', '2 external co-productions', 'Studio Tolima', 'action-RPG department', 'engaging stories', 'internal expertise', 'Paris-based studio', 'major milestone', 'first releases', 'Oskar Guilbert', 'strategic roadmap', 'two distinct', 'concurrent offerings', 'foreign law', 'industrial group', 'Article L.', 'reserved offering', 'public offering', 'PrimaryBid Offering', '12 th resolution', '10th resolution', 'individual investors', 'pomissing segment', 'production value', 'publishing departments', 'distribution partnerships', 'specified category', 'investment companies', 'investment funds', '2 years', 'minimum', 'February', 'launch', 'fundraising', 'cancellation', 'benefit', 'persons', 'way', 'implementation', 'Banishers', 'Ghosts', 'Harmony', 'The', 'Fall', 'Reverie', 'presence', 'terms', 'players', 'Vampyr', 'Project', 'step', 'marketing', 'acceleration', 'company', 'revenues', 'connection', 'subsidiary', 'composition', 'board', 'directors', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'strong', 'support', 'stability', 'advantage', 'CONDITIONS', 'accordance', 'decisions', 'sub-delegation', 'today', 'issuance', 'June', 'French', 'members', 'fields', 'Allocation', 'demand', 'amount', 'reduction', 'excess', 'basis']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,actusnews.com
18669,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-02/58330573-erytech-pharma-s-a-erytech-and-pherecydes-announce-proposed-combination-intending-to-create-global-leader-in-extended-phage-therapies-399.htm,Erytech Pharma S.A.: ERYTECH and PHERECYDES Announce Proposed Combination Intending to Create Global Leader in Extended Phage Therapies,ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris. The transaction will not affect this dual listing. Anticipated timeline and next steps The Memorandum of Understanding has been ...,"ERYTECH and PHERECYDESAnnounce Proposed Combination Intending to Create Global Leader in Extended Phage TherapiesConference call and webcast in English on February 16  2023at 8:30am EST / 02:30pm CET and in French on the same day at 12pm EST / 6pm CETStrategic combination would build on complementary expertise and capabilities of both companies to accelerate development of extended phage therapies for antimicrobial resistance (AMR)  in particular via the phase II PhagoDAIR study conducted by PHERECYDES  as well as other anti-infective fields and therapeutic areas with high unmet medical needsCombined company cash runway would extend into Q 3 2024   with a consolidated cash position of approximately € 41 million as of December 31  2022  and would enable funding of existing and novel programs through multiple clinical milestones Transaction would complete the strategic review process announced by ERYTECH on several occasions since November 2021 and pave the way for the expansion of PHERECYDES development programs in AMR and beyondTransaction expe c ted to close at the end of the second quarter of 2023Transaction supported by key shareholders of each of PHERECYDES and ERYTECH will result in former PHERECYDES shareholders holding approximately 49% of the combined entityLyon and Nantes (France)  February 15  2023 - 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm EST - ERYTECH Pharma (""ERYTECH""; Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  and PHERECYDES Pharma (""PHERECYDES""; Euronext Growth: ALPHE)  a biotechnology company specializing in precision phage therapy to treat resistant and/or complicated bacterial infections  today announced their proposed strategic combination intended to create a global player in extended phage therapy and accelerate the development of a portfolio of drug candidates targeting pathogenic bacteria and potential other indications of high unmet medical needsThe proposed transaction seeks to leverage ERYTECH's financial resources and teams to both accelerate and expand PHERECYDES' existing phage development programs  to reinforce efforts to advance novel phage candidates  and to potentially broaden scope to new therapeutic modalities building on the advanced technology platforms and capabilities of both companies. Specifically  the intended focus of the combined company in 2023 and 2024 would be to:Expand the ongoing PhagoDAIR Phase 2 trial in patients with knee or hip prosthetic joint infections (PJI) due to Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus)  by opening new investigation centers in Europe  with results anticipated in Q1 2024;in patients with knee or hip prosthetic joint infections (PJI) due to Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus)  by opening new investigation centers in Europe  with results anticipated in Q1 2024; Expand the breadth of PHERECYDES' clinical phage therapy portfolio with two additional company sponsored Phase 2 trials  one in patients with endocarditis due to S. aureus  expected to initiate in mid-2023 and the second one in patients with complex urinary tract infections due to E. coli  expected to initiate in Q1 2024. The company expects to open investigation centers in the United States for both studies;with two additional company sponsored Phase 2 trials  one in patients with endocarditis due to S. aureus  expected to initiate in mid-2023 and the second one in patients with complex urinary tract infections due to E. coli  expected to initiate in Q1 2024. The company expects to open investigation centers in the United States for both studies; Build a research & development strategy leveraging ERYTECH's platforms and expertise including drug-delivery with red blood cells (ERYCAPS) or red blood cell-derived vesicles (ERYCEV)  formulation expertise and oncology experience to support phage and endolysins therapeutic approaches in anti-infectives fields like AMR and beyond (such as in food  cosmetics and animal health fields)  or the development of novel carriers;E xpand PHERECYDES' research portfolio to add two new complementary pathogens to the three existing (S. aureus  P. aeruginosa  E. Coli)  critical in developing a comprehensive target portfolio in the fight against resistant bacterial infections; andto add two new complementary pathogens to the three existing (S. aureus  P. aeruginosa  E. Coli)  critical in developing a comprehensive target portfolio in the fight against resistant bacterial infections; and Leverage on the ERYTECH's US implantation to facilitate access to US investors and to clinical and regulatory stakeholders in the perspective of future clinical developments.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES intend to merge their operations and relocate all teams to ERYTECH's premises in Lyon  France  where they would benefit from presence in a major European hub for infectious diseases.""This transaction would represent a successful culmination of our efforts to pursue strategic alternatives and a new direction for ERYTECH. After the setback of our Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  we have been looking to leverage our established company structure and capabilities by adding a clinical stage asset in an area of high unmet need. AMR is a major health challenge and phage therapy is a promising approach to target pathogenic bacteria such as S. aureus  E. coli  and P. aeruginosa which in aggregate are responsible for over 800 000 resistant infections annually in the US and Europe. The team at PHERECYDES has made tremendous strides with its programs to date  and we at ERYTECH believe that our capabilities  expertise and assets could significantly complement and add to these efforts and accelerate the path to value creation. We and our board of directors believe the combination of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES would form a company well positioned to be a global leader in phage therapies and provide a much-needed solution to address the increasingly alarming health context caused by antimicrobial-resistant bacteria. We will also explore the opportunity to combine both companies' know-how and capabilities to broaden to other therapeutic areas of high unmet need. We are excited to begin this new path."" said Gil Beyen  Chief Executive Officer of ERYTECH.""Our board of directors fully supports this transaction and is convinced that ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will gather critical expertise and capabilities enabling to boost our research programs  as well as a seasoned and very complementary management team  and an international position providing access to US investors and stakeholders. All these assets will also drive and accelerate PHERECYDES clinical development plan with controlled and randomized international trials to demonstrate clinical evidence of the phage therapy as a real game changer in the anti-infectious area. With my entire Management team we are eager to start working together with our ERYTECH colleagues."" said Thibaut du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHERECYDES.About the proposed transactionKey transaction termsThe transaction would be structured as a merger by absorption of PHERECYDES into ERYTECH  pursuant to which the shareholders of PHERECYDES would receive newly issued ERYTECH ordinary shares in consideration of the contribution of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES (the ""Proposed Merger""). Upon completion of the Proposed Merger  all of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES will be transferred to ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be dissolved.On February 15  2023  ERYTECH and PHERECYDES entered into a memorandum of understanding (the ""Memorandum of Understanding"") and expect to execute a definitive merger agreement (projet de fusion) to combine the companies in an all-share transaction  subject to the information-consultation process with ERYTECH's Social and Economic Committee (""CSE"").Under the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding  PHERECYDES shareholders would receive 15 new ERYTECH shares for every 4 PHERECYDES shares they currently own.Upon completion of the transaction  PHERECYDES shareholders are expected to hold approximately 49.5% of the share capital and voting rights of ERYTECH1.The transaction is fully supported by key shareholders of both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES  namely Auriga Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga Ventures III) and Recordati SpA on ERYTECH's side and Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and a pool of shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud on PHERECYDES' side.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris. The transaction will not affect this dual listing.Anticipated timeline and next stepsThe Memorandum of Understanding has been unanimously approved by each of ERYTECH's and PHERECYDES' board of directors.The Memorandum of Understanding provides for customary no-shop provisions by ERYTECH and PHERECYDES and customary interim covenants until completion of the Proposed Merger.The transaction is not subject to any clearance from regulatory authorities. The Social and Economic Committee of ERYTECH will be informed and consulted on the operation  in compliance with the applicable regulations.The Social and Economic Committee of ERYTECH will be informed and consulted on the transaction  in accordance with applicable law.A merger auditor will be appointed by the President of the Lyon Commercial Court to prepare reports on the value of the contributions and the fairness of the exchange ratio under the Proposed Merger  which will not result in the preparation of a prospectus but in the filing of an exemption document with the French stock markets authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).The Extraordinary General Meetings (EGMs) of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be called upon to vote on the Proposed Merger  currently expected to be convened at the end of the first half of 2023 (or early second half of 2023). The resolutions to approve the Proposed Merger must obtain  at the level of each company  the positive vote of two thirds of the shareholders present or represented. The EGM of ERYTECH will also be called to approve a new name for the merged company  to mark the start of a new development stage for the combined operations.ERYTECH received commitments from Auriga Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga Ventures III) and Recordati SpA  which together represent approximately 4.67% of the share capital and 8.91% of the voting rights of ERYTECH  to vote in favour of the transaction-related resolutions at ERYTECH's EGM. Similarly  PHERECYDES received commitments from Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and a pool of shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud  which together represent approximately 41.5% of the share capital and voting rights of PHERECYDES  to contribute  after the entry into of the merger agreement but prior to the completion of the Proposed Merger  a portion of their PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECH in consideration of newly issued ERYTECH shares which would represent a maximum of 10% of ERYTECH shares2  under the same exchange ratio as the Proposed Merger  and  subsequently  to vote in favour of the transaction-related resolutions at ERYTECH's EGM. ERYTECH will implement the share capital increase resulting from the contributions in Kind pursuant to the delegation conferred by its shareholders' meeting of June 24  2022 (29th resolution).It is also expected that Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and the pool of shareholders represented by Guy Rigaud will subscribe  in the days following the date of the Memorandum of Understanding  €1.5 million at a price per PHERECYDES share that will be the higher of (i) €2.09 (corresponding to the volume-weighted average of PHERECYDES' share prices over the 30 trading days prior to January 19  2023  date of signature of the letter of interest between the parties) and (ii) a price equal to the volume-weighted average of the Company's share price on the Euronext Growth Paris market over the last five (5) trading days preceding the pricing of the issue  less a discount of 24.9% (in accordance with the 5th resolution of the PHERECYDES shareholders' meeting of December 15  2022). The planned date for the completion of the capital increase is February 17  2023. It is specified that Elaia Partners  Go Capital and Mr. Guy Rigaud  directors participating in the capital increase  will not participate in the vote of the PHERECYDES board of directors deciding on the capital increase.Governance of the combined companyUpon completion of the Proposed Merger  Mr. Jean-Paul Kress  Chairman of ERYTECH  will resign from his mandate as Chairman and Mr. Didier Hoch  Chairman of PHERECYDES  will become Chairman (président du Conseil d'administration) of ERYTECH. It is expected that the board of directors of ERYTECH will be composed of an equal number of directors from the current ERYTECH and PHERECYDES boards. It is further expected to request ERYTECH's shareholders to remove the casting vote that the Chairman used to hold at the Board of Directors.Subject to the same  Mr. Thibaut du Fayet  currently CEO of PHERECYDES  will become CEO (directeur général) of ERYTECH  while Mr. Gil BEYEN will become Vice-Chairman (vice-président du Conseil d'administration) of the Board of ERYTECH (and will remain Executive Chairman of Erytech Pharma  Inc.). Mr. Eric Soyer will remain COO (directeur général délégué) and CFO of ERYTECH.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will establish a joint Strategic Committee to supervise the performance of the Memorandum of Understanding  in particular the implementation of the Proposed Merger as well as the operational integration. Both companies have decided to change the name of the merged company  which will be disclosed once the merger is completed.Details of the webconferencesManagement from both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will hold a conference call and webcast on Thursday  February 16  2023 at 8:30am EST / 2:30 pm CET to discuss the Proposed Merger. Gil Beyen  CEO of ERYTECH and Thibaut du Fayet  CEO of PHERECYDES will deliver a brief presentation  followed by a Q&A session.The webcast can be followed live online via the link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/gjemc5ksThe audio call is accessible via the below registering link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIb5377a162b414e0eb7ef2a6af5cb4cfaOnce registered  participants will receive a unique access code and the call number details to join the teleconference.An archive of the webcast will be available on PHERECYDES and ERYTECH's websites.A webconference in French with Gil Beyen  CEO of ERYTECH and Thibaut du Fayet  CEO of PHERECYDES and including a Q&A session  will be held on the same day at 6 pm (CET) for French investors.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging two proprietary platforms  ERYCAPS®  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  and ERYCEVTM  focused on the potential of drug-loaded extracellular vesicles  derived from red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comAbout PHERECYDESFounded in 2006  Pherecydes Pharma is a biotechnology company that develops treatments against resistant bacterial infections  responsible for many serious infections. The Company has developed an innovative approach  precision phage therapy  based on the use of phages  natural bacteria viruses. Pherecydes Pharma is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which alone account for more than two thirds of hospitalacquired resistant infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.. Headquartered in Nantes  Pherecydes Pharma has a team of around twenty experts from the pharmaceutical industry  biotechnology sector and academic research.For more information  please visit www.pherecydespharma.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euPHERECYDESThibaut du FayetCEO NewCapDusan Oresansky / Nicolas FossiezInvestor relationsArthur RouilléMedia relationsinvestors@pherecydes-pharma.com+33 1 44 71 94 92/+33 1 44 00 15pherecydes@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the proposed combination of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES  including timing thereof  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES and of the markets in which they operate. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will"" and ""continue"" and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH's and PHERECYDES' respective business and regulatory strategy; the expected cash runway of the combined company; the structure  timing and completion of the Proposed Merger; the continued accessibility to the US market after the closing of the Proposed Merger; expectations regarding the ownership structure of the combined company after the closing of the Proposed Merger; the expected executive officers and directors  including governance structure  of the combined company; the future operations of the combined company; the nature  strategy and focus of the combined company; the development and commercial potential and potential benefits of any product candidates and platforms of PHERECYDES  ERYTECH and the combined company; anticipated drug development activities  including clinical trials  and related milestones and timelines  including the expected timing for data and other clinical results; and other statements that are not historical fact. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHERECYDES' and ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (i) the failure to complete the Proposed Merger  including the risk that the conditions to the closing of the Proposed Merger and related transactions are not satisfied and the failure to timely obtain shareholder approval for such transactions  if at all; (ii) the inability to maintain the listing of the combined company's securities on Nasdaq and the Euronext regulated market; (iii) uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the Proposed Merger and the ability of each of PHERECYDES and ERYTECH to consummate the Proposed Merger; (iv) risks related to ERYTECH's ability to manage its operating expenses and its expenses associated with the Proposed Merger pending closing; (v) risks related to the failure or delay in obtaining required approvals from any governmental or quasi-governmental entity necessary to consummate the Proposed Merger; (vi) the risk that as a result of adjustments to the exchange ratio  PHERECYDES shareholders could own more or less of the combined company than is currently anticipated; (vii) risks related to the market price of ERYTECH's ordinary shares (including represented by American Depositary Shares) relative to the exchange ratio; (viii) unexpected costs  charges or expenses resulting from the Proposed Merger; (ix) potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the Proposed Merger; (x) risks related to the inability of the combined company to obtain sufficient additional capital to continue to advance its product candidates and clinical programs as currently anticipated; (xi) uncertainties in obtaining successful clinical results for product candidates and unexpected costs that may result therefrom; (xii) risks related to the failure to realize any value from product candidates and clinical programs being developed and anticipated to be developed in light of inherent risks and difficulties involved in successfully bringing product candidates to market; and (xiii) risks associated with the possible failure to realize certain anticipated benefits of the Proposed Merger  including with respect to future financial and operating results; (xiv) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (xv) the possibility that PHERECYDES and ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (xvi) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH's regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in ERYTECH's regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  ERYTECH's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in ERYTECH's 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 27  2022 and in ERYTECH's Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 28  2022 and future filings and reports by ERYTECH. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Both PHERECYDES and ERYTECH disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in their expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.DisclaimerThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release was prepared for informational purpose only. The dissemination of this press release  the offer and its acceptance may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The offer is not made for persons subject to such restrictions  neither directly nor indirectly  and may not be accepted in any way from a country where the offer would be subject to such restrictions. Consequently  persons in possession of this press release shall inquire about potential applicable local restrictions and comply with them.Each of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES excludes all liability in the event of any breach of the applicable legal restrictions by any person.1 On the basis of the PHERECYDES and ERYTECH share capital diluted only with the respective instruments (mainly BSCPE and free shares) in the money and taking into account the Pherecydes share capital increase referred to in footnote 2 below.2 Percentage calculated prior to the share issuance.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['Erytech Pharma S.A.', 'Extended Phage Therapies', 'Combination Intending', 'Global Leader', 'PHERECYDES', 'high unmet medical needs', 'complex urinary tract infections', 'red blood cell-derived vesicles', 'two new complementary pathogens', 'ongoing PhagoDAIR Phase 2 trial', 'hip prosthetic joint infections', 'Combined company cash runway', 'clinical phage therapy portfolio', 'existing phage development programs', 'red blood cells', 'consolidated cash position', 'complicated bacterial infections', 'precision phage therapy', 'extended phage therapy', 'potential other indications', 'major European hub', 'new therapeutic modalities', 'two additional company', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'multiple clinical milestones', 'endolysins therapeutic approaches', 'future clinical developments', 'Extended Phage Therapies', 'other anti-infective fields', 'animal health fields', 'comprehensive target portfolio', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'strategic review process', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'new investigation centers', 'advanced technology platforms', 'novel phage candidates', 'former PHERECYDES shareholders', 'E xpand PHERECYDES', 'PHERECYDES development programs', 'novel programs', 'new direction', 'complementary expertise', 'PhagoDAIR study', 'drug candidates', 'therapeutic areas', 'combined entity', 'innovative therapies', 'anti-infectives fields', 'phase II', 'key shareholders', 'Phase 2 trials', 'biotechnology company', 'novel carriers', 'Strategic combination', 'strategic alternatives', 'E. coli', 'research portfolio', 'Proposed Combination', 'Global Leader', 'Conference call', 'same day', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'several occasions', 'second quarter', 'global player', 'pathogenic bacteria', 'financial resources', 'intended focus', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'S. aureus', 'United States', 'development strategy', 'oncology experience', 'P. aeruginosa', 'US implantation', 'US investors', 'regulatory stakeholders', 'infectious diseases', 'successful culmination', 'three existing', 'PHERECYDES Pharma', 'formulation expertise', 'Euronext Growth', 'Transaction expe', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'webcast', 'English', 'February', '8:30am', '02:30pm', 'French', '12pm', '6pm', 'capabilities', 'companies', 'AMR', 'December', 'funding', 'November', 'expansion', 'Lyon', 'Nantes', 'France', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'Nasdaq', 'ERYP', 'ALPHE', 'teams', 'efforts', 'scope', 'patients', 'knee', 'PJI', 'results', 'Q1', 'breadth', 'endocarditis', 'mid-20', 'studies', 'drug-delivery', 'ERYCAPS', 'ERYCEV', 'food', 'cosmetics', 'fight', 'Leverage', 'access', 'perspective', 'operations', 'premises', 'presence', 'setback', '2023']",2023-02-05,2023-02-16,finanznachrichten.de
18670,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deezer-enters-long-term-partnership-103500434.html,Deezer enters long-term partnership with Sonos to power content for Sonos Radio worldwide,PARIS  Feb. 16  2023 /CNW/ -- Deezer (Paris Euronext: DEEZR) today announced a long-term partnership with Sonos to power the brand's streaming radio service Sonos Radio and its subscription service Sonos Radio HD  delivering an expansive catalog of music ...,"Deezer will deliver key services for the Sonos music experience while supporting continued innovation.PARIS  Feb. 16  2023 /CNW/ -- Deezer (Paris Euronext: DEEZR) today announced a long-term partnership with Sonos to power the brand's streaming radio service Sonos Radio and its subscription service Sonos Radio HD  delivering an expansive catalog of music that's curated for Sonos customers. The collaboration aligns with Deezer's strategy of focusing on partnership-led expansion to deliver growth opportunities in the US and other markets globally.Deezer enters long-term partnership with Sonos to power content for Sonos Radio worldwide""This is the start of a very exciting journey for Deezer and Sonos. Through this partnership Deezer can reach new listeners in major markets around the world  including the US."" said Jeronimo Folgueira  CEO  Deezer. ""Sonos has revolutionized the way we enjoy music and audio in our homes  with exceptional multi-room speakers  fantastic sound quality and thoughtfully curated Sonos Radio services. We can't wait to play a key role in expanding this great customer offering.""Beginning April 2023  Deezer will deliver key services for Sonos Radio and Sonos Radio HD  including a catalog of 90 million tracks  metadata  licensing  reporting & royalty management  business intelligence & data  as well as strategic collaboration for growth and monetization of the service. Deezer and Sonos will deliver services to 16 countries worldwide  including the US  Canada  the UK  France and Germany. In addition  Deezer will support ongoing innovation to develop and expand the Sonos music experience  exploring new ways to give listeners around the world an easy way to discover music and soundtrack their day.""Delivering a best in class branded content experience for our customers is an essential part of our long-term growth strategy and Deezer continues to be an excellent partner for supporting our ambitious goals to help the world listen better "" said Patrick Spence  CEO at Sonos. ""As a pioneer in music streaming  Deezer has a proven track record in developing and growing a music service globally and I look forward to working together to improve the overall listening experience for our customers.""Story continuesWith a highly competitive product  disruptive innovation and features  as well as undisputed editorial and music industry expertise  Deezer puts partnerships at the heart of its market expansion strategy  supporting more than 45 partners and 80 hardware integrations worldwide.Deezer has continuously collaborated with Sonos as a key innovation partner  launching an early HiFi offer and most recently providing seamless integration with Sonos Voice Control . The Deezer experience on Sonos includes an easy-to-use interface with unique Deezer features such as Flow  an AI based recommendation engine which lets the listener choose music based on moods.About DeezerDeezer is one of the largest independent music streaming platforms in the world  with more than 90 million tracks available in 180 countries  providing access to lossless HiFi audio  innovative recommendation technology and industry defining features. As the home of music  Deezer brings artists and fans together on a scalable and global platform  to unlock the full potential of music through technology. Founded in 2007 in Paris  Deezer is now a global company with a team of over 600 people based in France  Germany  UK  Brazil and the US  all brought together by their passion for music  technology and innovation. Deezer is listed on the Professional Segment of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DEEZR) (ISIN: FR001400AYG6) and is also part of the newly-created Euronext Tech Leaders segment  dedicated to European high-growth tech companies  and its associated index.For the latest news on Deezer go to https://www.deezer-blog.com/press/ .Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn for the latest news.Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2004017/Deezer_Sonos_partnership.jpgLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1853552/Deezer_Logo.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/deezer-enters-long-term-partnership-with-sonos-to-power-content-for-sonos-radio-worldwide-301748645.htmlSOURCE DeezerCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2023/16/c0390.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.8,0.13,0.08,True,English,"['long-term partnership', 'Sonos Radio', 'Deezer', 'content', 'largest independent music streaming platforms', 'European high-growth tech companies', 'AI based recommendation engine', 'Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'class branded content experience', 'overall listening experience', 'exceptional multi-room speakers', 'fantastic sound quality', 'great customer offering', 'proven track record', 'early HiFi offer', 'industry defining features', 'innovative recommendation technology', 'lossless HiFi audio', 'music industry expertise', 'streaming radio service', 'Sonos Voice Control', 'market expansion strategy', 'Sonos Radio HD', 'The Deezer experience', 'Sonos music experience', 'key innovation partner', 'long-term growth strategy', 'unique Deezer features', 'Sonos Radio services', 'Professional Segment', 'partnership-led expansion', 'excellent partner', 'key services', 'key role', 'Paris Euronext', 'Euronext Paris', 'continued innovation', 'long-term partnership', 'subscription service', 'growth opportunities', 'other markets', 'exciting journey', 'major markets', 'Jeronimo Folgueira', '90 million tracks', 'royalty management', 'business intelligence', 'ongoing innovation', 'new ways', 'ambitious goals', 'Patrick Spence', 'competitive product', 'disruptive innovation', 'undisputed editorial', '80 hardware integrations', 'seamless integration', 'global platform', 'full potential', 'global company', 'associated index', 'latest news', 'original content', 'music service', 'expansive catalog', 'new listeners', 'strategic collaboration', 'easy way', 'essential part', 'SOURCE Deezer', 'Sonos customers', 'Feb.', 'DEEZR', 'start', 'world', 'CEO', 'homes', 'April', 'metadata', 'licensing', 'reporting', 'monetization', '16 countries', 'Canada', 'UK', 'France', 'Germany', 'addition', 'day', 'pioneer', 'Story', 'partnerships', 'heart', '45 partners', 'interface', 'Flow', 'moods', '180 countries', 'access', 'artists', 'fans', 'scalable', 'team', '600 people', 'Brazil', 'passion', 'Ticker', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Photo', 'Deezer_Sonos_partnership', 'Logo', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'prnewswire', 'term-partnership', 'releases']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18671,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-02/58312956-inventiva-correction-inventiva-reports-preliminary-financial-results-for-full-year-2022-399.htm,INVENTIVA: Inventiva reports preliminary financial results for Full-Year 2022¹,"February 14  2023 - Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development","Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  February 14  2023 - Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (""NASH"") and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported certain preliminary financial results as of and for the year ended December 31  2022.Preliminary Financial Results1Cash and cash equivalents  short-term deposits  R&D Expenses  Net cash used in operating activities  Net cash generated from investing activities and Net cash generated from financing activities.As of December 31  2022  the Company had €86.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and €1.0 million of short-term deposits1  compared to €61.2 million and €11.4 million  respectively as of September 30  2022  and €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively  as of December 31  2021.Cash and cash equivalents at year end included the €12.8 million upfront payment (including €1.3 million of withholding taxes  amounting to net proceeds of €11.5 million) received on November 4  2022 from Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group  Co.  LTD (""CTTQ"")  a subsidiary of Sino Biopharm  in connection with the previously announced licensing and collaboration agreement dated September 21  2022.Cash and cash equivalents at year end also included the €25.0 million tranche of the previously announced unsecured loan agreement executed with the European Investment Bank (""EIB"") on May 16  2022  which the Company received on December 8  2022  the €9.3 million gross proceeds (€8.8 million net proceeds) raised through the Company's At-The-Market (""ATM"") Program on June 15  2022  and the proceeds of three previously announced loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million. One of the loans was contracted as part of a French state-guaranteed loan facility with Bpifrance  and the two other loans were obtained as part of a French state stimulus economic plan granted by Crédit Agricole Champagne-Bourgogne and Société Générale.Research and development (""R&D"") expenses for the fourth quarter of 2022 increased generally in line with the increase recorded during the first three quarters of 2022  and amounted to €60.5 million for the full year 2022  compared to €48.5 million in 2021. This increase was driven mostly by the costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  including a full twelve months of operation for the U.S. affiliate and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes (""T2D"").Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€44.9) million for the full year 2022  compared to (€47.7) million in 2021. Net cash used in operating expenses in 2022 was driven primarily by R&D expenses  partially offset by the upfront payment received from CTTQ.Net cash generatedfrom (used in) investing activities amounted to €8.9 million for the full year 2022 compared to (€1.8) million net cash used for the same period in 2021. The variance is mainly due to the change in short term deposits between both periods.Netcash generated from financing activities amounted to €37.3 million for the full year 2022 compared to €25.4 million for 2021. Net cash generated from financing activities in 2022 has been driven by the proceeds of the first tranche of €25 million from the EIB loan  proceeds of €9.3 million from the sale of securities through the Company's ATM program and proceeds of €5.3 million from three French state partially guaranteed loans  as described above.For the full year 2022  the Company recorded a negative exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of (€1.0) million versus a positive effect of €4.8 million for 2021  due to the strengthening of USD versus Euro.Considering its current R&D and clinical development programs  the Company estimates that its existing cash  cash equivalents and short-term deposits should allow the Company to fund its operations through the fourth quarter of 20232. This cash runway estimate does not include the conditional second tranche of €25.0 million of the EIB loan agreement3.RevenuesThe Company's revenues for the full year 2022 amounted to €12.2 million  as compared to €4.2 million for 2021. The revenues recorded in 2022 were driven mostly by the Company's development agreement with CTTQ  executed on September 21  2022  and revenues recorded in 2021 primarily consisted of a €4.0 million milestone payment for a milestone that was recorded following the launch by AbbVie of the Phase IIb clinical trial with cedirogant. As previously disclosed  this trial of cedirogant has since been discontinued by AbbVie and the partnership with AbbVie has been terminated.Next key milestones expectedPublication of the topline results of the investigator-initiated study with lanifibranor in patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (""NAFLD"") and T2D - planned for the first quarter of 2023Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial of lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D - planned for the second half of 2023Last Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH - targeted for the second half of 2023Upcoming investor conference participationCowen 43 rd Annual Health Care Conference - March 6-8 - Boston  MAAnnual Health Care Conference - March 6-8 - Boston  MA Guggenheim Health Altitudes Summit 2023 - March 13-16 - Telluride  ColoradoEvercore ISI NASH Renaissance - March 30 - VirtualKempen Life Sciences Conference - April 25-26 - AmsterdamUpcoming scientific conference participationGlobal NASH - March 2-3 - LondonAEEH - March 15-17 _ MadridLiver Connect conference - March 23-26 - Huntington Beach   CAAASLD Emerging topic: NASH Cirrhosis from mechanisms to management - March 25-26- Los Angeles  CANext financial results publicationFull-Year 2022 financial results: Wednesday  March 29  2023 (after U.S. market close)About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (""MPS"") and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva's lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva's pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva's decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext ParisContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com (mailto:media@inventivapharma.com)+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude LepreuxMatthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com (mailto:inventiva@brunswickgroup.com)+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com (mailto:patti.bank@westwicke.com)+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding preliminary unaudited financial results for Inventiva's fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year ended December 31  2022  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva's pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the addressable patient population  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva's product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  Inventiva's pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  and the sufficiency of Inventiva's cash resources and cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""would""  ""could""  ""might""  ""should""  ""plans""  ""designed""  ""hopefully""  ""target""  ""aim""  and ""continue"" and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including the completion of financial closing procedures  final audit adjustments and other developments that may arise that could cause the preliminary financial results for 2022 to differ from the financial results that will be reflected Inventiva's audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022  that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva's business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva's clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation and uncertain financial markets. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022  and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022  for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.1 Short-term deposits are included in the category ""other current assets"" in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31  2022  but are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available.2 This estimate is based on the Company's current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in-licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated.3 The disbursement of the second tranche is subject to  among other conditions    (i) the Company issuing warrants to EIB in accordance with the terms and conditions of the warrants agreements entered into July 1  2022  (ii) the full drawdown of the first tranche  (iii) the receipt by the Company from the date of the EIB credit facility of an aggregate amount of at least €70.0 million (inclusive of the €18.0 million that was a condition for the disbursement of the first tranche)  paid either in exchange for Company shares  or through upfront or milestone payments  (iv) an out-licensing  partnership or royalty transaction with an upfront payment of at least €10.0 million; and (v) operational criteria based on patient enrollment and number of sites activated in the Company's NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['preliminary financial results', 'INVENTIVA', 'Full-Year', 'Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group', 'Société Générale', 'French state stimulus economic plan', 'NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial', 'LEGEND Phase IIa combination', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Crédit Agricole Champagne-Bourgogne', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'negative exchange rate effect', 'Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease', 'French state-guaranteed loan facility', 'three French state', 'Long Island City', 'Preliminary Financial Results1', 'European Investment Bank', 'U.S. affiliate', 'current R&D', 'Next key milestones', 'R&D Expenses', 'R&D"") expenses', 'clinical development programs', 'conditional second tranche', 'unsecured loan agreement', 'short term deposits', 'full twelve months', 'cash runway estimate', 'first three quarters', '€9.3 million gross proceeds', 'EIB loan agreement', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'two other loans', '€4.0 million milestone payment', '€1.8) million net cash', '€8.8 million net proceeds', 'French banks', '€25.0 million tranche', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'positive effect', 'first tranche', 'loan agreements', 'operating expenses', 'other diseases', 'collaboration agreement', 'topline results', 'upfront payment', 'short-term deposits', 'development agreement', 'full year', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'operating activities', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'Sino Biopharm', 'ATM"") Program', 'total amount', 'fourth quarter', 'lesser extent', 'type 2 diabetes', 'same period', 'ATM program', 'investigator-initiated study', 'year end', 'cash equivalents', 'existing cash', 'The Company', 'Daix', 'France', 'February', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'treatment', 'patients', 'NASH', 'December', 'September', 'taxes', 'November', 'Co.', 'LTD', 'CTTQ', 'subsidiary', 'connection', 'licensing', 'May', 'The-Market', 'June', 'syndicate', 'part', 'Research', 'increase', 'costs', 'lanifibranor', 'operation', 'empagliflozin', 'variance', 'periods', 'Netcash', 'sale', 'securities', 'strengthening', 'USD', 'Revenues', 'launch', 'AbbVie', 'cedirogant', 'Publication', 'NAFLD', 'T2D', '2021']",2023-02-05,2023-02-16,finanznachrichten.de
18672,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/european-bourses-join-forces-in-bid-to-operate-stocks-price-feed/ar-AA17ypzE,European bourses join forces in bid to operate stocks price feed,Euronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other European stock exchange groups on Thursday said they would jointly propose creating a combined feed of their share prices to investors  throwing down the gauntlet to rivals ahead of European Union legislation.,"© Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO: The German share price index DAX graph at the stock exchange in FrankfurtBy Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Euronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other European stock exchange groups on Thursday said they would jointly propose creating a combined feed of their share prices to investors  throwing down the gauntlet to rivals ahead of European Union legislation.EU states and the European Parliament are due in coming months to finalise a draft law that would mandate exchanges to provide prices of stock transactions on their platforms to a low price ""consolidated tape"" (CT) for investors to spot the best deals.Brussels wants to make its capital market deeper and more efficient by knitting a fragmented trading landscape. A tape has long been a feature of Wall Street. Banks and asset managers complain that the price of market data  a key money-spinner for bourses  is too expensive.© Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO: Stock market operators work at the Euronext headquarters at La Defense business and financial district in Courbevoie near ParisOnce the draft law has been approved  the bloc's securities watchdog ESMA would oversee a selection process for a CT provider  and the exchanges  which also include Nasdaq  SIX Group in Spain  and bourses in Vienna  Prague and Warsaw  said they would submit a proposal.""The participants are recognised specialists in supplying reliable and high-quality market data and are well positioned to deliver a CT quickly  efficiently  and to the highest operational standards "" the exchanges said in a joint statement.""The project will focus on providing a tape designed to provide a comprehensive  standardised and consistent source of market data and will seek to collaborate with regulators to develop the optimal solution for investors.""Bourses have called the CT proposal an ""elaborate and complex experiment"".Past efforts to build a tape failed after exchanges refused to voluntarily provide data for a price that would make it viable.The EU draft law proposes a tape showing prices which are ""as close to real time as technically possible""  but exchanges have lobbied for a CT with a delay of 15 minutes after a share transaction  a time gap which EU policymakers say would be of no use to investors.(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.09,0.74,True,English,"['stocks price feed', 'European bourses', 'forces', 'bid', 'German share price index DAX graph', '12 other European stock exchange groups', 'Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO', 'European Union legislation', 'fragmented trading landscape', 'La Defense business', 'highest operational standards', 'Stock market operators', 'high-quality market data', 'EU draft law', 'European Parliament', 'share transaction', 'stock transactions', 'share prices', 'capital market', 'EU states', 'EU policymakers', 'Huw Jones', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'combined feed', 'coming months', 'best deals', 'Wall Street', 'asset managers', 'key money-spinner', 'financial district', 'securities watchdog', 'selection process', 'SIX Group', 'joint statement', 'comprehensive, standardised', 'consistent source', 'optimal solution', 'Past efforts', 'real time', 'time gap', 'Shounak Dasgupta', 'Euronext headquarters', 'CT provider', 'CT proposal', 'Frankfurt', 'LONDON', 'Thursday', 'investors', 'gauntlet', 'rivals', 'exchanges', 'platforms', 'Brussels', 'tape', 'feature', 'Banks', 'bourses', 'Courbevoie', 'Paris', 'bloc', 'ESMA', 'Nasdaq', 'Spain', 'Vienna', 'Prague', 'Warsaw', 'participants', 'specialists', 'reliable', 'project', 'regulators', 'delay', '15 minutes', 'use', 'Editing']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,msn.com
18673,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.royalgazette.com/international-business/business/article/20230216/coolco-seek-nyse-listing/,LNG shipping company CoolCo seeks NYSE listing - The Royal Gazette,Bermudian-based Cool Company Ltd  the liquefied natural gas shipping company  has filed a registration statement with the US Securities and Exchange Commission  with the intention of directly listing,Richard Tyrrell  chief executive of Cool Company Ltd (File photograph)Bermudian-based Cool Company Ltd  the liquefied natural gas shipping company  has filed a registration statement with the US Securities and Exchange Commission  with the intention of directly listing its shares on the New York Stock Exchange.Subject to the registration statement being declared effective by the SEC  the company’s shares will be registered with the SEC and listed for trading on the NYSE in addition to the Euronext Growth Oslo under the ticker “CLCO” from March 15.No new CoolCo securities will be issued in connection with the share listing on the NYSE.In connection with a listing on the NYSE  CoolCo also expects to change its ticker code on Euronext Growth Oslo from “COOL” to “CLCO”.In order to facilitate transfer of shares between the two trading venues  CoolCo intends to amend the registration structure for its shares whereby all shares will be primarily held and settled within the Depository Trust Company in the United States and secondarily held and settled in Euronext Securities Oslo through a Central Securities Depository link.CoolCo chief executive Richard Tyrrell said: “By listing on the NYSE  we are expanding our investor base and providing US investors with access to CoolCo’s unique combination of attractive dividends and exposure to the fast-growing global demand for LNG transportation.“Upon listing  CoolCo will be one of the largest of a limited number of US publicly traded companies that are connecting global markets with LNG  which is crucial to energy security and has an important role in the global transition to a lower-carbon future.“Our new presence in the US market will generate immediate value for all CoolCo shareholders by providing easier access to CoolCo shares and additional trading liquidity.“Additionally  the dual listing further strengthens CoolCo’s financial flexibility  supplementing our strong balance sheet  significant internal cash generation and proven access to competitively priced debt in ensuring that we are well positioned to seize attractive growth opportunities in a prudent manner that maximises shareholder value.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.0,True,English,"['LNG shipping company', 'The Royal Gazette', 'NYSE listing', 'CoolCo', 'significant internal cash generation', 'CoolCo chief executive Richard Tyrrell', 'natural gas shipping company', 'Central Securities Depository link', 'US publicly traded companies', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Bermudian-based Cool Company Ltd', 'Depository Trust Company', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'strong balance sheet', 'attractive growth opportunities', 'two trading venues', 'growing global demand', 'additional trading liquidity', 'new CoolCo securities', 'US Securities', 'Exchange Commission', 'new presence', 'US investors', 'attractive dividends', 'US market', 'global markets', 'global transition', 'File photograph', 'registration statement', 'registration structure', 'United States', 'investor base', 'unique combination', 'limited number', 'energy security', 'important role', 'lower-carbon future', 'immediate value', 'financial flexibility', 'prudent manner', 'shareholder value', 'CoolCo shareholders', 'easier access', 'proven access', 'share listing', 'ticker code', 'LNG transportation', 'dual listing', 'CoolCo shares', 'liquefied', 'intention', 'NYSE', 'CLCO', 'March', 'connection', 'order', 'transfer', 'exposure', 'debt']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,royalgazette.com
18674,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/virtualware-listed-paris-stock-exchange-075100288.html,Virtualware to be Listed on the Paris Stock Exchange,Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  will be listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in the coming weeks. To this end  it has already filed the corresponding application with Euronext ,"BILBAO  Spain  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  will be listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in the coming weeks.To this end  it has already filed the corresponding application with Euronext  the pan-European stock exchange that groups together the stock exchanges of Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Oslo  Milan  and Dublin.Virtualware  founded in 2004  is one of the pioneering companies in the field of Virtual Reality  where its team of more than 50 people has already developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It is headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  and has a North American office in Hamilton (Canada).For the last decade and a half  it has been developing immersive solutions oriented to the industrial world and counts among its client base multinationals and institutions such as GE Hitachi  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technical University or EAN University  to name a few.Following approval by Euronext  the IPO will take place in the Access segment and follows a year and a half of preparation.Virtualware's CEO  Unai Extremo  explained that ""this is an important step in our path towards the growth and global expansion of our company  especially in the US and European markets. The IPO will strengthen our global position  increase our visibility and add a wider community of stakeholders to our mission.""At the end of 2021  the company  whose majority partners are its CEO Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera  its CTO or chief technology officer  was recognized as the world's most innovative company at the VR Awards 14 months ago.Its product VIROO  the world's pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.Story continuesVIROO has received a patent in the United States and was named the best enterprise Virtual Reality solution at the VR Awards in 2019. The platform is already used by companies worldwide and has been used to develop strategic projects for defense ministries or critical infrastructure training projects. VIROO aims to become the standard for developing industrial Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Virtualware also participates in Evolv  a medical and digital health device manufacturer specializing in developing rehabilitation solutions based on immersive technologies.According to the annual report published by the company at the end of 2022  the company received ISO 27001 certification in recent months  signed contracts with leading international organizations  such as Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  Janssen  Invest WindsorEssex and the University of El Salvador  and began participating in events jointly with Microsoft in the United States.The company will announce the exact listing date and valuation in the coming weeks.Images:Photo of Unai Extremo  CEOhttps://www.virtualwareco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/DSC0703.jpgPhoto of the VIROO room in operation:https://www.virtualwareco.com/viroo/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator_For_Medical_Training_VIROO_1024-1.jpgWebsite: https://www.virtualwareco.com/CONTACT: For more information  or interview requests with Unai Extremo  CEO of the company  please write to David Moreno  CMO (dmoreno@virtualwareco.com)  or Ramón Pedrosa  dircom (rpl@pedrosa-richardson.uk )  or call us at +682643536.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.24,0.28,0.48,True,English,"['Paris Stock Exchange', 'Virtualware', 'El Retoño Technical University', 'digital health device manufacturer', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'enterprise Virtual Reality solution', 'industrial Virtual Reality applications', 'one digital solution', 'Spanish technology company Virtualware', 'chief technology officer', 'virtual reality industry', 'North American office', 'client base multinationals', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'leading international organizations', 'exact listing date', 'Ramón Pedrosa', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'CEO Unai Extremo', 'El Salvador', 'Spanish Ministry', 'stock exchanges', 'EAN University', 'strategic projects', 'industrial world', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European leaders', 'coming weeks', 'corresponding application', 'last decade', 'immersive solutions', 'GE Hitachi', 'Guardian Glass', 'Access segment', 'important step', 'global expansion', 'European markets', 'global position', 'wider community', 'majority partners', 'Sergio Barrera', 'VR Awards', 'pioneering VR', 'United States', 'rehabilitation solutions', 'immersive technologies', 'annual report', 'ISO 27001 certification', 'recent months', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'interview requests', 'David Moreno', 'a half', 'The IPO', 'innovative company', 'VRaaS) platform', 'defense ministries', 'product VIROO', 'VIROO room', 'pioneering companies', '500 projects', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'end', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'Dublin', 'field', 'team', '50 people', '33 countries', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'institutions', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'approval', 'place', 'year', 'preparation', 'path', 'growth', 'visibility', 'stakeholders', 'mission', 'CTO', 'Service', 'sizes', 'development', 'deployment', 'Story', 'patent', 'standard', 'Evolv', 'medical', 'contracts', 'Janssen', 'events', 'Microsoft', 'Images', 'Photo', 'virtualwareco', 'uploads', 'DSC0703', 'operation', 'Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator', 'Website', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'CMO', 'dircom']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,finance.yahoo.com
18675,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/lytix-biopharma-presents-fourth-quarter-073500927.html,Lytix Biopharma presents fourth quarter and second half 2022 results,"Lytix Biopharma (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  today releases its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results - Steady progress towards improving cancer treatment outcomes.","OSLO  Norway  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  today releases its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results - Steady progress towards improving cancer treatment outcomes.""Our molecules have a unique dual mode of action and can kill cancer cells in a way that activates a broad T-cell response that has the potential to target all cancer cells within heterogeneous tumors and thereby increase the number of patients responding to immunotherapy. We have seen very promising effects in cancer patients and are now eagerly looking forward to receiving the results from the clinical Phase II studies with our lead candidate""  says Dr. Øystein Rekdal  CEO of Lytix Biopharma.Highlights from the fourth quarter and second half 2022 and post period events:Business and Partnership:Verrica Pharmaceuticals recently completed treatment in Part 1 of their ongoing Phase II study evaluating LTX-315 in basal cell carcinoma. Part 1 has enrolled 10 patients and demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile with no reported serious adverse events. Patients receiving the higher range of dosing experienced a consistent response of clinical tumor necrosis.Lytix Biopharma appointed Stephen Worsley as Chief Business Officer as part of the company's strong focus on exploring commercial opportunities for its drug candidates. Stephen brings a great track record of successful deals in oncology on assets in development and is now introducing Lytix' assets to key opinion leaders and companies within the industry.R&D:Following approval of the clinical trial application (CTA) for ATLAS-IT-05 in Europe in Q3 2022  the Phase II study in the US has expanded to an additional three European countries; Norway  France and Spain. All sites are open and recruiting patients with the aim of completing enrollment by mid-2023.Activities are ongoing to prepare for a regulatory submission  which is required to start a Phase I study with LTX-401.The Clinical Study Report for ATLAS-IT-04 has been completed. ATLAS-IT-04 showed encouraging data demonstrating that LTX-315 improved the outcome of adoptive cell transfer treatment  stabilizing the disease in patients with progressive metastatic soft tissue sarcoma.Compelling data from Lytix' collaboration with research groups at National Cancer Institute and Weill Cornell Medicine were presented at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting.Story continuesFinancial:Total operating expenses for the six months that ended 31 December 2022 was NOK 46.4 million compared to NOK 37.8 million in the same period in 2021. Compared to the six months ending 31 December 2021  there has been an increase in activities in connection to the ongoing ATLAS-IT-05 trial in the US and EU and the preclinical development of LTX-401. The important expansion of ATLAS-IT-05 to the EU has been driving costs during this period. In parallel  personnel expenses have decreased.Cash position at the end of the period was NOK 94.6 million compared to NOK 197.3 million as of 31 December 2021. In addition to the cash position  Lytix has NOK 50.6 million placed in a liquidity fund as of 31 December 2022. In total Lytix has NOK 145.2 in cash and short-term financial investments at the end of the year.Key figures (unaudited):The full report is linked to this press release (and together with a presentation available at https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/investors/financial-reports.html).The results will be presented in a webcast with CEO Øystein Rekdal  CDO Graeme Currie and CFO Gjest Breistein today at 14.30 CEST.The presentation and subsequent Q&A session will be held in English and may be viewed live by registering here: https://forms.office.com/e/q06xRZSrBVA recording of the presentation will be made available on https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/investors/overview.html (after the presentation).CONTACT:For more information  please contact:Gjest Breistein  CFO: gjest.breistein@lytixbiopharma.comOle Peter Nordby  Head of IR & Communication Manager: ole.peter.nordby@lytixbiopharma.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/16482/3716010/1852888.pdf Q4 2022 Lytix FinalCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-presents-fourth-quarter-and-second-half-2022-results-301748510.htmlSOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.2,0.15,True,English,"['Lytix Biopharma', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', '2022 results', 'progressive metastatic soft tissue sarcoma', 'additional three European countries', 'subsequent Q&A session', 'clinical Phase II studies', 'ongoing Phase II study', 'adoptive cell transfer treatment', 'The Clinical Study Report', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS', 'Phase I study', 'basal cell carcinoma', 'clinical tumor necrosis', 'clinical trial application', 'ongoing ATLAS-IT-05 trial', 'unique dual mode', 'Dr. Øystein Rekdal', 'serious adverse events', 'great track record', 'Weill Cornell Medicine', 'SITC) Annual Meeting', 'CDO Graeme Currie', 'broad T-cell response', 'key opinion leaders', 'National Cancer Institute', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Norwegian immuno-oncology company', 'Chief Business Officer', 'short-term financial investments', 'CEO Øystein Rekdal', 'cancer treatment outcomes', 'post period events', 'Total operating expenses', 'Ole Peter Nordby', 'CFO Gjest Breistein', 'full report', 'consistent response', 'personnel expenses', 'Key figures', 'cancer cells', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', 'heterogeneous tumors', 'promising effects', 'lead candidate', 'Verrica Pharmaceuticals', 'favorable safety', 'tolerability profile', 'higher range', 'strong focus', 'commercial opportunities', 'drug candidates', 'successful deals', 'R&D', 'regulatory submission', 'encouraging data', 'Compelling data', 'research groups', 'six months', 'important expansion', 'liquidity fund', 'press release', 'Communication Manager', 'following files', 'original content', 'Lytix Final', 'same period', 'Cash position', 'Stephen Worsley', 'preclinical development', 'cancer patients', ""Lytix' assets"", '10 patients', 'Norway', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', '2022 results', 'Steady', 'molecules', 'action', 'potential', 'number', 'immunotherapy', 'Highlights', 'Partnership', 'LTX-315', 'Part 1', 'dosing', 'companies', 'industry', 'approval', 'CTA', 'Q3', 'France', 'Spain', 'sites', 'aim', 'enrollment', 'mid-20', 'Activities', 'LTX-401.', 'ATLAS-IT-04', 'disease', 'collaboration', 'Society', 'Story', 'NOK', '31 December', 'increase', 'connection', 'costs', 'parallel', 'end', 'year', 'presentation', 'financial-reports', 'webcast', '14.30 CEST', 'English', 'recording', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'Head', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', 'lytix-biopharma', 'fourth-quarter', 'second-half-2022-results']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,uk.finance.yahoo.com
18676,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@ABInBev_BE @euronext_be Try paying the appropriate amount of tax in Belgium instead of cheating,nan,@ABInBev_BE @euronext_be Try paying the appropriate amount of tax in Belgium instead of cheating,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['appropriate amount', 'ABInBev_BE', 'tax', 'Belgium', 'appropriate amount', 'ABInBev_BE', 'tax', 'Belgium']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18677,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@options_insight Hi   where can I find a good option pricer for European stocks ? Like for Euronext stocks ? Thanks,nan,@options_insight Hi   where can I find a good option pricer for European stocks ? Like for Euronext stocks ? Thanks,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['good option pricer', 'European stocks', 'Euronext stocks', 'options', 'good option pricer', 'European stocks', 'Euronext stocks', 'options']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18678,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Otovo uplists to Oslo Stock Exchange # Otovo stopped trading on Euronext Growth Oslo on 13 February and moved to th… https://t.co/0LBesuWIJD,nan,Otovo uplists to Oslo Stock Exchange # Otovo stopped trading on Euronext Growth Oslo on 13 February and moved to th… https://t.co/0LBesuWIJD,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Otovo uplists', 'trading', '13 February', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Otovo uplists', 'trading', '13 February']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18679,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@SequanaMed — Key programmes advancing as expected. $SEQUA #EuronextUpdate here: https://t.co/IVetU77FSw,nan,@SequanaMed — Key programmes advancing as expected. $SEQUA #EuronextUpdate here: https://t.co/IVetU77FSw,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Key programmes', 'Euronext Update', 'SequanaMed', '$SEQUA', 'IVetU77FSw', 'Key programmes', 'Euronext Update', 'SequanaMed', '$SEQUA', 'IVetU77FSw']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18680,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,With @euronext eschewing this play citing security concerns  a ‘great game’ of #cloud is upon the exchange parish w… https://t.co/T55SBksQos,nan,With @euronext eschewing this play citing security concerns  a ‘great game’ of #cloud is upon the exchange parish w… https://t.co/T55SBksQos,positive,0.97,0.01,0.02,positive,0.97,0.01,0.02,True,English,"['security concerns', 'great game', 'exchange parish', 'play', 'T55SBksQos', 'security concerns', 'great game', 'exchange parish', 'play', 'T55SBksQos']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18681,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Should Investors Steer Clear of the Euronext NV? $ENX https://t.co/vXPWGyREcV,nan,Should Investors Steer Clear of the Euronext NV? $ENX https://t.co/vXPWGyREcV,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext NV', 'Investors', 'Euronext NV', 'Investors']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18682,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#BizkaiaEgiten #Beazkide🔹 #Virtualware anuncia su salida a la Bolsa de ParísGoing public on @euronext_fr will a… https://t.co/f1ELLQDUMH,nan,#BizkaiaEgiten #Beazkide🔹 #Virtualware anuncia su salida a la Bolsa de ParísGoing public on @euronext_fr will a… https://t.co/f1ELLQDUMH,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['París', 'BizkaiaEgiten', 'Beazkide', 'salida', 'Bolsa', 'París', 'BizkaiaEgiten', 'Beazkide', 'salida', 'Bolsa']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18683,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We are thrilled to announce that Virtualware will be going public on @Euronext Paris. This milestone is a testament… https://t.co/CxkAK1Yi2c,nan,We are thrilled to announce that Virtualware will be going public on @Euronext Paris. This milestone is a testament… https://t.co/CxkAK1Yi2c,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Virtualware', 'milestone', 'testament', 'Virtualware', 'milestone', 'testament']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18684,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext launches the BEL® ESG index https://t.co/rEUNKMz4qH https://t.co/cUSoWvNsZt,nan,Euronext launches the BEL® ESG index https://t.co/rEUNKMz4qH https://t.co/cUSoWvNsZt,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['BEL® ESG index', 'Euronext', 'BEL® ESG index', 'Euronext']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18685,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#SRPInsight: @Euronext @Equileap Gender Equality #France 40 Index is the first in a family of #indices created to a… https://t.co/PmnZSPCk37,nan,#SRPInsight: @Euronext @Equileap Gender Equality #France 40 Index is the first in a family of #indices created to a… https://t.co/PmnZSPCk37,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Equileap Gender Equality #France 40 Index', 'family', 'indices', 'PmnZSPCk37', 'Equileap Gender Equality #France 40 Index', 'family', 'indices', 'PmnZSPCk37']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
18686,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,16th Feb #CAC40Forecast Spot on! 👍#FT #business #Fintech #StockMarket #paris #euronext_fr #investing… https://t.co/UpIW8tb1xi,nan,16th Feb #CAC40Forecast Spot on! 👍#FT #business #Fintech #StockMarket #paris #euronext_fr #investing… https://t.co/UpIW8tb1xi,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Fintech #StockMarket #paris', '16th Feb', 'CAC40', 'Forecast', 'business', 'euronext_fr', 'Fintech #StockMarket #paris', '16th Feb', 'CAC40', 'Forecast', 'business', 'euronext_fr']",2023-02-16,2023-02-16,Unknown
