UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
2158,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We're thrilled to see a rave #review on our Clearstream Flex from @techradar! Were we surprised? Of course not  we… https://t.co/3aVu3cAFUy,nan,We're thrilled to see a rave #review on our Clearstream Flex from @techradar! Were we surprised? Of course not  we… https://t.co/3aVu3cAFUy,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['rave #review', 'Clearstream Flex', 'aVu3cAFUy', 'rave #review', 'Clearstream Flex', 'aVu3cAFUy']",2022-04-02,2022-04-07,Unknown
2173,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@FrontlinerUV Just sitting no acting/reaction ..Clearstream visible it’s fake. Poor cgi :),nan,@FrontlinerUV Just sitting no acting/reaction ..Clearstream visible it’s fake. Poor cgi :),negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['acting/reaction', 'acting/reaction']",2022-04-03,2022-04-07,Unknown
2281,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,nan,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-05,2022-04-07,Unknown
2282,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@dgwbirch Yep…SBF is proving the exact utility of blockchain that Clearstream &amp; all the incumbent consortia failed… https://t.co/vM3ACjwfEg,nan,@dgwbirch Yep…SBF is proving the exact utility of blockchain that Clearstream &amp; all the incumbent consortia failed… https://t.co/vM3ACjwfEg,negative,0.01,0.01,0.99,negative,0.01,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['exact utility', 'incumbent consortia', 'dgwbirch', 'SBF', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'amp', 'vM3ACjwfEg', 'exact utility', 'incumbent consortia', 'dgwbirch', 'SBF', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'amp', 'vM3ACjwfEg']",2022-04-05,2022-04-07,Unknown
2287,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@fliceverett Bacon Man and Beast at the RA - lunch at José Pizarro's new restaurant. Deutsche Börse Prize at  Photo… https://t.co/XjXra1mN7e,nan,@fliceverett Bacon Man and Beast at the RA - lunch at José Pizarro's new restaurant. Deutsche Börse Prize at  Photo… https://t.co/XjXra1mN7e,neutral,0.08,0.87,0.05,neutral,0.08,0.87,0.05,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Prize', 'fliceverett Bacon Man', 'José Pizarro', 'new restaurant', 'Beast', 'lunch', 'Photo', 'XjXra1mN7e', 'Deutsche Börse Prize', 'fliceverett Bacon Man', 'José Pizarro', 'new restaurant', 'Beast', 'lunch', 'Photo', 'XjXra1mN7e']",2022-04-05,2022-04-07,Unknown
2288,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Found most of the Deutsche Börse show at TPG quite dull but thank fuck for Deana Lawson’s surreal  sublime hologram… https://t.co/sCnyvlsWAP,nan,Found most of the Deutsche Börse show at TPG quite dull but thank fuck for Deana Lawson’s surreal  sublime hologram… https://t.co/sCnyvlsWAP,positive,0.79,0.01,0.2,positive,0.79,0.01,0.2,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse show', 'surreal, sublime hologram', 'Deana Lawson', 'TPG', 'sCnyvlsWAP', 'Deutsche Börse show', 'surreal, sublime hologram', 'Deana Lawson', 'TPG', 'sCnyvlsWAP']",2022-04-05,2022-04-07,Unknown
2289,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,For more information on the launch today of the new @vaneck_us  @vaneck_eu ETN for @algorand on the Deutsche Börse… https://t.co/UzwcSjEKGX,nan,For more information on the launch today of the new @vaneck_us  @vaneck_eu ETN for @algorand on the Deutsche Börse… https://t.co/UzwcSjEKGX,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'new @vaneck_us', 'vaneck_eu ETN', 'information', 'launch', 'algorand', 'UzwcSjEKGX', 'Deutsche Börse', 'new @vaneck_us', 'vaneck_eu ETN', 'information', 'launch', 'algorand', 'UzwcSjEKGX']",2022-04-05,2022-04-07,Unknown
2322,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convene-annual-general-meeting-184500527.html,Notice to Convene Annual General Meeting,"COPENHAGEN  DK / ACCESSWIRE / April 6  2022 / Linkfire (STO:LINKFI)Linkfire A/S CVR-no.: 35 83 54 31The board of directors of Linkfire A/S (""the company...","COPENHAGEN  DK / ACCESSWIRE / April 6  2022 / Linkfire (STO:LINKFI)Linkfire A/SCVR-no.: 35 83 54 31The board of directors of Linkfire A/S (""the company"") hereby convenes the annual general meeting to be held on Wednesday 27 April 2022 15.00 CET at the company's office  Artillerivej 86  2300 Copenhagen.AgendaAppointment of the chairman of the general meeting. The board of directors' report on the activities of the company during the past ﬁnancial year. Presentation of the audited annual report and the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year 2021 for adoption. Proposal by the board of directors concerning the appropriation of proﬁts or covering of losses as recorded in the approved annual report. Resolution to grant discharge of liability to members of the board of directors and the executive management. Election of members of the board of directors  including the chairman of the board of directors. Presentation of the remuneration report for the most recent ﬁnancial year for advisory vote. Approval of the board of directors' remuneration for the current ﬁnancial year. Election of auditor and determination of remuneration for the auditor. Any proposals from the board of directors or the shareholders. Proposal on issuance of warrants Proposal on authorization to the chairman of the meeting.Re item 1. Appointment of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney-at-law Andreas Nielsen is appointed as chairman of the meeting. Accordingly  the board of directors will at the general meeting appoint Andreas Nielsen as chairman of the meeting in accordance with section 6.8.1 of the company's articles of association.Re item 2. The board of directors' report on the activities of the company during the past ﬁnancial yearRe item 3. Presentation of the audited annual report and the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year 2021 for adoptionThe audited annual report for 2021 is available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 1.Story continuesThe board of directors proposes that the audited annual report is adopted.Re item 4. Proposal by the board of directors concerning the appropriation of proﬁts or covering of losses as recorded in the approved annual reportThe board of directors proposes that the year's loss of DKK 36 498 thousand is transferred to the company's reserves and that no dividend is paid out for the ﬁnancial year 2021.Re item 5. Resolution to grant discharge of liability to members of the board of directors and the executive managementThe board of directors proposes that the board of directors and the executive management are discharged from liability for the performance of their duties.Re item 6. Election of members of the board of directors  including the chairman of the board of directorsCurrently  the board of directors consists of following members:Jesper Eigen Møller (chairman of the board of directors)Thomas Weilby KnudsenCharlotte KlingeThomas RudbeckThe nomination committee which has been composed of (i) Thomas Weilby Knudsen (Chairman)  (ii) Jesper Eigen Møller  (iii) Lars Ettrup and (iv) Jeppe Faurfelt  proposes re-election of the following board members Thomas Weiby Knudsen and Charlotte Klinge elected by the general meeting  including re-election of Jesper Eigen Møller as chairman of the board of directors and election of Petra Von Rohr and Ole Larsen as new board member.For an overview of management level posts held by the current members of the board of directors up for election in other commercial enterprises  please see page 35 of the annual report.In accordance with section 120(3) of the Danish Companies Act  it should be informed that Petra Von Rohr  is the CEO of Biocool AB and is a member of the board of directors for Better Collective A/S and WeBrock Ventures. Further  Ole Larsen is the CEO of nuso ApS and is the chairman of the board of directors for Rikke Gravengaard Copenhagen A/S.A statement issued by the nomination committee regarding the board of directors and the proposals of the nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2022 is available on https://investors.linkﬁre.com/investors.Re item 7. Presentation of the remuneration report for 2021 for advisory vote Presentation by the board of directors of the remuneration report for 2021 is available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 2.The board of directors proposes an advisory vote on the remuneration report 2021.Re item 8. Approval of the board of directors' remuneration for the current ﬁnancial yearThe nomination committee proposes that the general meeting approves an annual remuneration of DKK 250 000 (DKK 250 000 in the previous year) for the chairman of the board of directors and an annual remuneration of DKK 125 000 (DKK 125 000 in the previous year) for each of the other members of the board of directors until the next annual general meeting.Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that the general meeting approves an annual remuneration of DKK 50 000 (DKK 50 000 in the previous year) for the chairmanship in the audit committee or the remuneration committee  respectively  and an annual remuneration of DKK 25 000 (DKK 25 000 in the previous year) for a regular membership of the audit committee or the remuneration committee  respectively.Re item 9. Election of auditor and determination of remuneration for the auditor The nomination committee proposes that Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab is re-appointed as the auditor of the company.The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab will be paid in accordance with accounts approved by the company.Re item 10a). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to increase the share capital of the companyThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to increase the company's share capital in one or more issues without pre-emption rights for the company's existing shareholders by up to a nominal amount of DKK 116 412.71. The capital increase(s) shall take place at market price and shall be eﬀected by cash payment  by contribution in kind  by debt conversion or a combination hereof.For the issuance of shares based on the above authorization the following shall apply:Partial payment of the subscription amount is not permitted. The new shares will be without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders  and the pre-emption rights relating to the new shares will not be restricted in respect of future capital increases other than as provided for in the company's articles of association. There are no restrictions on the transferability of the shares. No shareholder is obliged to have his or her shares redeemed in full or in part. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and oﬃcial listing on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (the ""Exchange""). The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.It is proposed that the authorization to increase the share capital without pre-emption rights will replace the lapsed authorization in section 4.1 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association is available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 3.Re item 10b). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to acquire treasury sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to pass a resolution on acquisition of treasury shares on the following terms:The company may acquire up to nominal DKK 58 206.35 treasury shares in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023. Acquisitions of treasury shares should be made on the Exchange at a price per share which cannot deviate more than 10 % from the price quoted on the Exchange on the date of acquisition.All acquisitions of treasury shares shall be made in accordance with the applicable rules at the Exchange.It is proposed that the authorization to the board of directors to acquire treasury shares will replace the lapsed authorization in section 4.2 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 3 to this notice.Re item 10c). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to issue warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to issue warrants in one or more rounds to the company's key employees  consultants and members of the executive management granting them a right to subscribe for shares of up to a total nominal amount of DKK 30.107 64 against payment in cash without pre-emption rights for the company's shareholders  and to adopt the necessary resolutions to carry out the required increase of the company's share capital.The board of directors may reissue any expired warrants that have not been duly exercised  provided that the reissuance observes the terms and limitations in time which are set out in this authorization. A reissuance shall mean the board of directors' access to issue new warrants as substitution for warrants that have already been issued but which have terminated.The principal terms and conditions which shall apply to the issued warrants are enclosed as Schedule 1 to the articles of association (Schedule 3). The board of directors shall be authorized to determine the detailed terms and conditions of the issued warrants and the distribution thereof in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in that schedule.For the issuance of warrants based on the above autorisation the following shall apply:Partial payment of the subscription amount is not permitted. The new shares will be without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders  and the pre-emption rights relating to the new shares will not be restricted in respect of future capital increases. The transferability of the new shares will not be restricted  and the new shareholders will not be obligated to let their shares be redeemed. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and oﬃcial listing on the Exchange. The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.It is proposed that the authorization to the board of directors to issue warrants is replacing the lapsed authorization in section 5.1 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 3 to this notice.Re item 11. Proposal on issuance of warrantsIt is proposed to issue 368 540 warrants to the proposed two new board members of the company in the following order:Petra von Rohr should be granted 184 270 warrants and Ole Larsen should be granted 184 270 warrants.Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for 1 share in the company at a nominal value of DKK 0.01.The warrants shall be subject to the terms and conditions attached as Schedule 4 to the company's articles of association (Schedule 3).In addition to this  and with reference to clause 167  referring to clause 154 and 158 of the Danish Companies Act  it is proposed that the following terms and conditions shall apply to the subscription of the warrants and the capital increase in the company relating the issuance of shares in the company that will occur in connection with a warrant holder's exercise of warrants. Consequently  the following shall apply:The nominal value of the capital in-crease resulting from the exercise of warrants will be at least DKK 0.01 and maximum nominally DKK 3 685.40 always provided that the adjustment mechanism set out in section 11 of Schedule 4 to the company's articles of association may result in a higher value. Each warrant gives the holder a right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the company with a nominal value of DKK 0.01 each. The new shares may be subscribed for against payment of a cash exercise price equivalent to the company's volume weighted average share price in the 10 business days after the Date of Grant plus 10%. New shares issued on the basis of the warrants will confer upon the holders the right to receive dividend and other rights in the company from the time of registration with the Danish Business Authority of the capital increase connected to the issue of shares. The company will bear the costs of the issue of warrants and the subsequent exercise thereof. The company's costs in connection with the issue and the resulting capital increase are estimated at DKK 25 000. The existing shareholders will have no pre-emption rights  as the shares are issued in favour of the relevant warrant holders by signing the attached subscription lists. Shares issued on the basis of warrants will not be subject to any restrictions in the pre-emption rights in connection with future capital increases. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and oﬃcial listing on the Exchange. The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.As a part of the issue of warrants  it is proposed to authorize the board of directors to resolve the pertaining capital increase  provided under section 155(2) of the Danish Companies Act  in accordance with this item 11 and to implement any necessary changes to the company's articles of association.It is proposed that the issuance of the warrants is included as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 4 to this notice.Re Item 12. Proposal on authorization to the chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes to authorize the chairman of the general meeting - with right of substitution - to ﬁle the resolutions passed with the Danish Business Authority and to make such amendments to the resolutions passed by the general meeting which the Danish Business Authority might demand as a condition to register the resolutions passed by the general meeting.Additional informationAdoption requirementsThe approval of the board of directors' proposals under agenda items 10a and 11 requires that both 2/3 of the cast votes as well as 2/3 of the share capital represented at the general meeting are in favour of the proposal.The remaining proposals on the agenda can be adopted by simple majority.Share capital and voting rightsAt the time of this notice  the share capital in Linkﬁre is nominally DKK 595 320.86 divided into 59.532.086 shares  each of a nominal value of DKK 0.01 each. Each share of DKK 0.01 is entitled to one vote at the general meeting.Availability of informationThis notice with the agenda  the complete proposals and schedules is made public on the company's website (https://investors.linkﬁre.com) as of this date.Questions to the agenda and other documents for the general meeting may be submitted in writing and must be received by the company no later than Wednesday 20 April 2022. Written questions with clear identiﬁcation of the shareholder must be sent to investors@linkﬁre.com or by regular mail to Linkﬁre A/S  Artillerivej 86  2300 Copenhagen  Denmark.Furthermore  shareholders or proxies  physically present  may ask questions to the board of directors  the executive management and the company's auditor on the general meeting.WebcastLinkﬁre oﬀers its shareholders the opportunity to participate in the annual general meeting via webcast provided  however  that shareholders who choose to do so will not have the possibility to cast their vote during the annual general meeting or ask questions. Such shareholders are encouraged to exercise their voting rights by postal vote or proxy and to submit questions to the agenda and other documents for the general meeting to the company in advance. Link to the webcast can be requested by sending an email to investors@linkﬁre.com.Admission to the general meeting and granting of proxyA shareholder or proxy wishing to attend the general meeting must submit a request for an admission card so that it has been received by the company no later than Monday 25 April 2022 at 23.59 CET. Admission cards can be requested by submitting the registration form by email (scanned copy) to vp_vpinvestor@euronext.com or by regular mail to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtved Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen or by phone +45 43 58 88 66 (weekdays from 9am to 4pm).. Admissions cards will be handed out at the entrance to the general meeting upon presentation of valid photo identiﬁcation. The registration form is enclosed to this notice as Schedule 4 by accessing https://investors.linkﬁre.com.Registration DateThe shareholders' right to attend and cast their votes at the AGM is determined on basis of the number of shares held by the shareholders on the expiry of the date of registration on Wednesday 20 April 2022 at 23.59 CET. Only shareholders holding shares on the registration date are entitled to attend and vote at the general meeting.The number of shares held by each shareholder in the company on the date of registration is calculated at 23.59 pm on the date of registration. The calculation will be based on the registration of shares in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden  the register of shareholders and such duly documented notiﬁcations to the company regarding the acquisition of shares that have not yet been recorded in the register of shareholders but have been received by the company before 23.59 pm on the date of registration.Information to shareholders who hold their shares through Euroclear Sweden ABThe following information is to shareholders who hold their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear Sweden"").In order to attend the annual general meeting and exercise your voting rights  you must register your voting rights in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and complete the registration form available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 4 in accordance with the instructions set out below.If you want to exercise your voting right by proxy  you must also register your voting rights in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and complete the proxy-absentee vote form available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 5 in accordance with the instructions set out below.Registration process for voting rights - Direct-registered holders:Shareholders who hold their shares on an account directly with Euroclear Sweden  a CSD-account (Sw: VP-konto) will automatically be included in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and do not have to perform any registration regarding voting rights.Registration process for voting rights - Nominee-registered holders:To be registered and entitled to vote at the general meeting  shareholders who hold shares via a nominee must act in accordance with the instructions set out below:Nominee-registered shareholders must request the nominee to register their shares temporarily in their own name in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden. The request for registration of voting rights shall be submitted to the nominee in suﬃcient time to allow the registration to be eﬀective and completed at Euroclear Sweden in due time before end of business on Wednesday 20 April 2022.Attendance with an adviserShareholders may attend the general meeting together with an adviser if they have taken out an admission card for themselves and the accompanying adviser no later than Monday 25 April 2022 at 23.59 CET.Shareholders  who do not wish to or are unable to attend the general meeting may exercise their rights by completing the proxy/absentee vote form enclosed as Schedule 6 to this notice.On the proxy/absentee vote form. Shareholders may choose to:Vote by post (please note  that a vote by post cannot be withdrawn after it has been received by the company)  Grant a proxy to a named third party or; rant a proxy to the chairman of the board of directors (votes will be casted in accordance with the board of directors' and the nomination committee's recommendations).Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed by Euroclear Sweden  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfCOVID-19The annual general meeting will be held pursuant to the COVID-19 recommendations from the Danish health authorities applicable at the time of the meeting.LanguageThe general meeting will be conducted in English without any simultaneous translation being oﬀered.The following schedules are enclosed to this notice:Schedule 1 - Annual report 2021Schedule 2 - Remuneration reportSchedule 3 - Draft new articles of association (in clean and redline) Schedule 4 - Registration formSchedule 5 - Proxy-absentee vote form___Copenhagen  April 6  2022On behalf of the board of directorsJesper Eigen Møller  chairman of the board of directorsFor further information  please contact:Hans Christian Wenzelsen  General CounselTelephone: +45 51 98 48 09AttachmentsNotice to convene annual general meetingSOURCE: LinkfireView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/696414/Notice-to-Convene-Annual-General-Meeting",neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,mixed,0.13,0.22,0.65,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Jesper Eigen Møller', 'Rikke Gravengaard Copenhagen A/S.', 'next annual general meeting', 'Petra Von Rohr', 'Danish Companies Act', 'Better Collective A/S', 'Thomas Weilby Knudsen', 'Thomas Weiby Knudsen', 'other commercial enterprises', 'management level posts', 'Linkfire A/S CVR', 'law Andreas Nielsen', 'past ﬁnancial year', 'recent ﬁnancial year', 'current ﬁnancial year', 'new board member', 'Thomas Rudbeck', 'ﬁnancial statements', 'previous year', 'annual report', 'executive management', 'annual remuneration', 'current members', 'proﬁts', 'advisory vote', 'nomination committee', 'Charlotte Klinge', 'Lars Ettrup', 'Jeppe Faurfelt', 'Ole Larsen', 'Biocool AB', 'WeBrock Ventures', 'nuso ApS', 'other members', 'remuneration report', 'Wednesday 27 April', 'following members', 'Re item', 'linkﬁre', ""directors' remuneration"", 'board members', '2300 Copenhagen', 'DK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'company', 'office', 'Artillerivej', 'Agenda', 'Appointment', 'chairman', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'Proposal', 'appropriation', 'losses', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Election', 'Approval', 'auditor', 'determination', 'shareholders', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'authorization', 'attorney', 'accordance', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'website', 'investors', 'Schedule', 'Story', 'reserves', 'dividend', 'performance', 'duties', 'overview', 'page', 'CEO', '2021']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2323,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-sievi-063000679.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sievi Capital Plc,Sievi Capital PlcStock Exchange Release 6 April 2022 at 9:30 am EEST Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sievi Capital Plc Notice is given to the...,Sievi Capital OyjSievi Capital PlcStock Exchange Release 6 April 2022 at 9:30 am EESTNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Sievi Capital PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Sievi Capital Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  11 May 2022 at 1:00 p.m. EEST at Sanomatalo at the address Töölönlahdenkatu 2  FI-00100 Helsinki.The shareholders of the company and their proxy representatives can participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder’s rights only by voting in advance as well as by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance. It is not possible to attend the meeting in person. Instructions for shareholders are provided in section C “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.The Board of Directors of the company has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures pursuant to temporary legislation (375/2021) that entered into force on 8 May 2021. In order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting will be held without shareholders’ and their proxy representatives’ presence at the meeting venue. This is necessary in order to ensure the health and safety of the shareholders  the company’s personnel and other stakeholders  and in order to hold the meeting in a manner that is predictable and treats shareholders equally while ensuring compliance with applicable restrictions imposed by the authorities.It is possible for shareholders to follow the General Meeting remotely via internet. Shareholders following the meeting in this manner are not considered participants in the General Meeting  so they do not have  among other things  the right to ask questions or vote during the General Meeting. Instructions for shareholders to follow the General Meeting remotely are provided in section C “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the Agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters shall be considered:Story continues1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney-at-law Antti Kuha will act as the Chairman of the meeting. In the event Antti Kuha is prevented for a weighty reason from acting as the Chairman  the Board of Directors will appoint the person it deems most suitable to act as the Chairman.3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesLennart Simonsen will scrutinise the minutes and supervise the counting of votes. In the event Lennart Simonsen is prevented for a weighty reason from scrutinising the minutes and supervising the counting of votes  the Board of Directors will appoint the person it deems most suitable to scrutinise the minutes and supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality and quorum of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adopting the list of votesShareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and who are entitled to participate in the General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6 a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act shall be deemed to be shareholders participating in the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted based on information provided by Euroclear Finland Oy and Innovatics Ltd.6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report  and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2021  and presentation of the CEO’s ReviewSince the General Meeting may only be attended by voting in advance  the company’s Annual Report for the year 2021  which includes the Financial Statements of the company  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report  and which is available on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022  is deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that no dividend be distributed by resolution of the General Meeting for the financial period ended on 31 December 2021  but that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide later  at its discretion  on the distribution of a dividend of a total maximum of EUR 0.05 per share in one or more instalments. The proposed authorisation would be valid from the date of the resolution until the next Annual General Meeting  however  at the latest until 31 May 2023. The company will publish the Board of Directors’ possible dividend distribution decisions separately and confirm the dividend record and payment dates at the same time. The dividend paid based on the authorisation would be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment in question are recorded in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.The profit distribution proposal of the Board of Directors takes into account the company’s liquidity situation at the time of making the profit distribution proposal after the acquisitions of investments carried out last year and expected cash flows during the current year. The Board of Directors aims to use the proposed authorisation during the current year.Since the Board of Directors has proposed that instead of an immediate dividend resolution  the Board of Directors would be authorised by the General Meeting to decide on the dividend as set forth above  the shareholders have the right  in deviation from the Board of Directors’ proposal  to demand a minority dividend pursuant to Chapter 13  Section 7 of the Finnish Companies Act. The minority dividend would be distributed if a demand to this effect is made by shareholders who hold at least one tenth of all shares in the company. The amount of minority dividend would be EUR 1 561 862.50 (corresponding to a dividend of approximately EUR 0.0269 per share)  which corresponds to half of the profit for the financial year 2021 (which was EUR 3 123 724.99). A shareholder demanding minority dividend may vote for the minority dividend in advance voting  and no separate counterproposal or demand to the company is required. The Board of Directors has informed that it would take the potential distribution of minority dividend into account as a reduction in the amount of funds to be distributed based on the authorisation  provided that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of funds as proposed.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEOs10. Adoption of the Governing Bodies’ Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting adopts  through an advisory resolution  the company’s Governing Bodies’ Remuneration Report for the year 2021.Since the General Meeting may only be attended by voting in advance  the Governing Bodies’ Remuneration Report  which is available on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022  is deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the Board of Directors remain unchanged  so that the Chairman of the Board of Directors be paid as remuneration EUR 3 550 per month and the members of the Board of Directors each EUR 2 300 per month  and that the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors be compensated in accordance with the company’s travel policy. The Board of Directors further proposes that each of the members of the Board of Directors shall have the right to abstain from receiving remuneration.Earnings-related pension insurance contributions are paid voluntarily for the paid remuneration.Preato Capital AB  which represented approximately 23.23% of the company’s voting rights on 31 March 2022  and Mikko Laakkonen  who represented directly and through a company under his control approximately 10.37% of the company’s voting rights on 31 March 2022  have indicated that they support the proposal of the Board of Directors at the General Meeting.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be five (5).Preato Capital AB  which represented approximately 23.23% of the company’s voting rights on 31 March 2022  and Mikko Laakkonen  who represented directly and through a company under his control approximately 10.37% of the company’s voting rights on 31 March 2022  have indicated that they support the proposal of the Board of Directors at the General Meeting.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsPreato Capital AB  which represented approximately 23.23% of the company’s voting rights on 31 March 2022  and Mikko Laakkonen  who represented directly and through a company under his control approximately 10.37% of the company’s voting rights on 31 March 2022  propose to the General Meeting that current members Juha Karttunen  Kati Kivimäki and Taru Narvanmaa shall be re-elected to the Board of Directors and that Timo Mänty and Harri Sivula shall be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. Of the current members  Simon Hallqvist and Lennart Simonsen have indicated that they are not available for re-election.The term of the members of the Board of Directors ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election. All persons nominated as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to the election  and they are considered independent of the company and of the significant shareholders of the company.A presentation of the persons nominated as members of the Board of Directors is available on Sievi Capital Plc’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor shall be paid according to the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorised Public Accountant firm  be elected as the company’s auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has notified that Esa Kailiala  APA  will act as the principally responsible auditor for the company.The term of the auditor ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.16. Establishment of a Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting resolves to establish a Shareholders’ Nomination Board  which would be responsible for preparing annually  and if needed also otherwise  proposals concerning the composition  election and remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors further proposes that the General Meeting approves the Charter of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  attached as Appendix 1 to this notice  which is also available on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022.According to the proposal  the Shareholder’s Nomination Board shall consist of four (4) members. The three (3) largest shareholders of the company each have the right to nominate one (1) member  and one (1) member is the Chair of the Board of Directors of the company or another member elected by the Board of Directors from among its members. The company’s largest shareholders entitled to nominate members to the Shareholder’s Nomination Board shall be determined each year on the basis of the registered holdings in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the last working day of August. In case a shareholder does not use their right to nominate a member  the right will pass on to the next largest shareholder who otherwise would not have the nomination right.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board operates until further notice  unless otherwise decided by the company’s General Meeting. The term of the members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board ends annually after the new members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board have been appointed. Members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board do not receive remuneration for their Nomination Board membership. Members’ travel expenses are reimbursed in accordance with the company’s travel rules.The establishment of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board would change the process for preparing the proposal on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors defined in Sievi Capital Plc’s Remuneration Policy. In the future  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board prepares the proposal concerning the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors will present an updated Remuneration Policy in this respect to the Annual General Meeting 2023.Preato Capital AB  which represented approximately 23.23% of the company’s voting rights on 31 March 2022  and Mikko Laakkonen  who represented directly and through a company under his control approximately 10.37% of the company’s voting rights on 31 March 2022  have indicated that they support the proposal of the Board of Directors at the General Meeting.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and/or the granting of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  in one or several instalments as follows: The total number of shares to be issued under the authorisation may be at the most 11 400 000 shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the conveyance of shares held by the company. The authorisation is proposed to be used to finance or carry out possible acquisitions or other arrangements or investments related to the company’s business  to implement the company’s incentive program  or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions of a share issue and the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  and the authorisation therefore includes the right of the Board of Directors to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue)  the right to issue shares against consideration or without payment  and the right to decide on a free issuance of shares to the company itself  however  taking into account the provisions of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the maximum number of own shares held by the company.The authorisation is proposed to be effective until 30 June 2023  and it will cancel the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 29 April 2021.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide to repurchase a maximum of 5 700 000 shares in the company in one or several instalments by using funds in the company’s unrestricted equity  however  taking into account the provisions of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the maximum number of own shares held by the company. The company’s own shares may be repurchased to be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements related to the company’s business  to finance investments  as a part of the company’s incentive program  to develop the company’s capital structure as well as to be conveyed for other purposes  to be held by the company or to be cancelled. The authorisation also includes the right to pledge the company’s own shares.The company’s own shares may be repurchased in public trading organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders  at the market price at the time of repurchase. The shares will be repurchased and paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors is in all other respects authorised to decide on the terms and conditions of the repurchase of own shares.The authorisation is proposed to be effective until 30 June 2023  and it will cancel the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 29 April 2021.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe aforementioned proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  this notice  the company’s Governing Bodies’ Remuneration Report as well as the Annual Report  which includes the Financial Statements of the company  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report  are available on Sievi Capital Plc’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website on 25 May 2022  at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General MeetingIn order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting will be arranged without the presence of the shareholders or their proxy representatives at the meeting venue. A shareholder can participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights only by voting in advance or through a proxy representative in accordance with the instructions set out below. Shareholders who have registered for the General Meeting  can follow the General Meeting via a live webcast. A video link and password to follow the meeting remotely will be sent via email and text message to the email address and mobile phone number provided in connection with the registration. Following the meeting through the remote access is only possible for shareholders who are shareholders on the record date of the General Meeting. Shareholders following the meeting through the remote access are not considered participants in the General Meeting  so they do not have  among other things  the right to ask questions or vote during the General Meeting. The list of votes of the General Meeting and the results of the voting are determined solely on the basis of the advance voting. Shareholders are requested to note that the webcast will be held only if it can be arranged in compliance with all regulatory rules and restrictions imposed by the authorities due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Further information and instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022.1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  on 29 April 2022  in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company. A shareholder can participate in the meeting only by voting in advance by him/herself or through a proxy representative  as described below.2. Registration and voting in advanceThe registration and advance voting begin on 13 April 2022 at 10:00 a.m. EEST  when the deadline for submitting counterproposals to be put to vote has expired. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance  shall register for the General Meeting and vote in advance no later than on 4 May 2022 at 4:00 p.m. EEST  by which time the registration and votes must be received. Registration to the General Meeting without submitting advance votes will not be considered participation in the General Meeting.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information  such as the name  date of birth and contact information of the shareholder. The personal data given by the shareholders or proxy representatives to Sievi Capital Plc or Innovatics Ltd is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations. Further information on how Sievi Capital Plc processes personal data is available on Sievi Capital Plc’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022 or can be requested by email from tiina.grondahl@sievicapital.fi.A shareholder whose shares are registered on a Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the General Meeting between 13 April 2022 at 10:00 a.m. EEST and 4 May 2022 at 4:00 p.m. EEST in the following manner:a) Through the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022In the electronic registration and advance voting  a strong identification of the shareholder or his/her proxy representative or legal representative is required with Finnish or Swedish banking codes or a mobile ID.b) By mail or emailA shareholder voting by mail or email shall submit the advance voting form available as of 13 April 2022 on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022  or corresponding information  by mail to Innovatics Ltd to the address Innovatics Ltd  AGM/Sievi Capital Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the submission of votes before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that the documents delivered by the shareholder contain the information required for registration specified in the advance voting form.The advance voting instructions will be available on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022 before the advance voting begins. Additional information on registration and advance voting is available by phone during the registration period of the General Meeting at +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 12 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of a proxy representative. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic  shareholders who do not vote in advance may use a centralised proxy representative designated by the company by authorising attorney-at-law Annemari Rosi from Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd  or a person appointed by her  to represent them and use his/her voting right at the meeting in accordance with the voting instructions given by the shareholder. There are no costs for the shareholder for authorising the designated proxy representative  except for any costs arising out of mailing the proxy documents. Further information about the designated proxy representative is available on the following website: www.hannessnellman.com/people/all/annemari-rosi/.Shareholders may also participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of another proxy representative. The proxy representative can only participate in the meeting by voting in advance on behalf of the shareholder and by making counterproposals and asking questions in advance as described in this notice. The proxy representative must identify him/herself to the electronic registration service and advance voting with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. The legal representation right can be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi authorisation service available in the electronic registration service. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A power of attorney template and voting instructions will be available on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022 on 13 April 2022 at the latest. Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the registration and advance voting  or alternatively by email to agm@innovatics.fi or as originals by mail to the address Innovatics Oy  AGM/Sievi Capital Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki. The proxy documents must be received before the expiry of the registration period on 4 May 2022 at 4:00 p.m. EEST.Delivery of proxy documents and advance votes before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that the aforementioned information required for the registration is included in the documents delivered.4. Holder of nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which the shareholder on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e.  on 29 April 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 6 May 2022 at 10:00 a.m. EEST. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of a nominee registered share is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and the registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of a nominee registered share temporarily into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above and see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of a nominee registered share.5. Other instructions/informationShareholders who hold at least one hundredth (1/100) of all the shares in the company have the right to submit counterproposals concerning the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting to be placed for a vote. Such counterproposals shall be delivered to the company by email to tiina.grondahl@sievicapital.fi or by mail to address Sievi Capital Plc  Tiina Gröndahl  Pohjoisesplanadi 33  FI-00100 Helsinki by 11 April 2022 at 4:00 p.m. EEST at the latest. The shareholders shall in connection with submitting the counterproposal present sufficient evidence of their shareholding. The counterproposal is admissible for consideration at the General Meeting if the shareholders who have made the counterproposal have the right to attend the General Meeting and they hold at least one hundredth of all shares in the company on the record date of the General Meeting. If a counterproposal will not be taken up for consideration at the General Meeting  the votes given in favour of the counterproposal will not be taken into account. The company will publish possible counterproposals to be put to a vote on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022 on 13 April 2022 at the latest.A shareholder has the right to pose questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act until 27 April 2022 at 4:00 p.m. EEST in the electronic registration service or by email to tiina.grondahl@sievicapital.fi or by mail to address Sievi Capital Plc  Tiina Gröndahl  Pohjoisesplanadi 33  FI-00100 Helsinki. Such questions by shareholders  responses to them by the company’s management  and counterproposals other than those put to a vote  will be available on the company’s website at http://www.sievicapital.fi/en/annual-general-meetings/agm-2022 on 2 May 2022 at the latest. A shareholder must present sufficient evidence of his/her shareholding as a prerequisite for presenting questions or counterproposals.On the date of this notice  6 April 2022  the total number of shares and votes in Sievi Capital Plc is 58 078 895.In Helsinki  on 6 April 2022SIEVI CAPITAL PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIXCharter of the Shareholders’ Nomination BoardFURTHER INFORMATION:CEO Jussi Majamaa  tel. +358 400 412 127DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMain mediawww.sievicapital.fiSievi Capital is a partner for Finnish entrepreneurs. We support the growth  performance and value creation of small and medium-sized companies and concurrently build national competitiveness. We believe that we succeed together as co-entrepreneurs. Sievi Capital’s share is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.14,0.23,0.63,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sievi Capital Plc', 'Notice', 'Sievi Capital Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Directors’ possible dividend distribution decisions', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sievi Capital Oyj', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'profit distribution proposal', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'proxy representatives’ presence', 'law Antti Kuha', 'advance voting period', 'Annual Report', 'financial period', 'section C', 'temporary legislation', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'meeting venue', 'other stakeholders', 'applicable restrictions', 'other things', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'Lennart Simonsen', 'Innovatics Ltd', 'Financial Statements', 'sievicapital.fi', 'balance sheet', 'total maximum', 'liquidity situation', 'dividend record', 'payment dates', 'dividend payment', 'same time', 'record date', 'Directors’ Report', 'shareholders’ register', 'EEST', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', '11 May', 'Sanomatalo', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'company', 'rights', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'person', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'Board', 'force', '8 May', 'order', 'spread', 'health', 'safety', 'manner', 'compliance', 'authorities', 'internet', 'Agenda', 'Story', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'Chairman', 'event', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'quorum', 'attendance', 'list', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Sections', 'information', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'year', 'CEO', 'Review', 'website', 'annual-general-meetings', 'Adoption', 'Resolution', 'use', '31 December', 'discretion', 'one', 'instalments', 'authorisation', '31 May', 'account', '9:30', '1:00']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2325,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-aktia-bank-plcs-annual-144500798.html,Decisions of Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting and organising meeting of the Board of Directors,Aktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release 6 April 2022 at 5.45 p.m. Decisions of Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting and organising meeting of the Board of...,Aktia Pankki OyjAktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release6 April 2022 at 5.45 p.m.Decisions of Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting and organising meeting of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting of Aktia Bank Plc was held today  6 April 2022 in Helsinki. In accordance with the temporary legislation  the Annual General Meeting was held without possibility to participate the meeting at the meeting venue. The shareholders and their proxy representatives were able to participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and questions in advance.The Annual General Meeting supported all the proposals presented to the meeting and approved the remuneration report. The Annual General Meeting adopted the financial statements of the parent company and the consolidated financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors  the CEO and his deputy from liability for the accounting period 1 January – 31 December 2021.Dividend paymentIn accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  the Annual General Meeting decided on the payment of a dividend of 0.56 euro per share for the accounting period 1 January – 31 December 2021. Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 8 April 2022 are entitled to the dividend. The dividend shall be paid out on 19 April 2022.The Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting confirmed the number of board members as eight.Johan Hammarén  Maria Jerhamre Engström  Harri Lauslahti  Olli-Petteri Lehtinen  Johannes Schulman  Lasse Svens and Timo Vättö were re-elected as Board members. Sari Pohjonen was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. All board members were elected for a term of office continuing up until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.RemunerationIn accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors the Annual General Meeting decided to approve the remuneration report for the governing bodies of Aktia Bank Plc.Story continuesThe annual remuneration for the Board members was confirmed as EUR 64 300 for the chair  EUR 43 000 for the deputy chair and EUR 35 000 for members. Approximately 40% of the annual (gross) remuneration shall be paid in the form of Aktia shares. In addition  the Chairman of each Committee will further receive an annual remuneration of EUR 8 000. The remuneration for attended meetings was established as EUR 500 per attended meeting. Compensation for travel and accommodation expenses as well as a daily allowance will be paid in line with the Finnish Tax Administration's guidelines and the company's travel policy.AuditorThe Annual General Meeting determined that the number of auditors shall be one  and re-elected APA firm KPMG Oy Ab as auditor with Marcus Tötterman  M.Sc. (Econ.)  APA  as auditor-in-charge  for a term of office continuing up until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Remuneration to the auditor shall be paid against the auditor’s reasonable invoice.Authorisations of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting adopted the proposal of the Board of Directors regarding resolution for share issue authorisation for up to 7 221 000 shares or securities entitling to shares  authorisation to acquire up to 500 000 company's own shares for use in the company's share based scheme and/or the remuneration of members of the company's Board of Directors and authorisation to divest up to 500 000 company's own shares.Organising meeting of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors  which convened after the General Meeting  elected Lasse Svens as chair and Timo Vättö as vice chair.The Board of Directors has decided on the composition of the Board's Audit Committee  Risk Committee  as well as the Remuneration and Corporate Governance Committee.The Board of Directors elected Olli-Petteri Lehtinen as chair and Sari Pohjonen and Johannes Schulman as members of the Audit Committee.Maria Jerhamre Engström was elected as chair and Harri Lauslahti  Olli-Petteri Lehtinen and Lasse Svens as members of the Risk Committee.Timo Vättö was elected as chair and Johan Hammarén and Lasse Svens as members of the Remuneration and Corporate Governance Committee.Presentations and minutes of the Annual General MeetingThe presentations by the chair of the Board Lasse Svens and CEO Mikko Ayub (in Finnish and Swedish) will be available on the company’s website https://www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting later after the meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting (in Swedish) will be available on the same website on 20 April 2022 at the latest.Aktia Bank PlcFurther information:Mikko Ayub  CEO  tel. +358 10 247 5121Ari Syrjäläinen  General Counsel  tel. +358 50 362 9587Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMass mediawww.aktia.comAktia is a Finnish asset manager  bank and life insurer that has been creating wealth and wellbeing from one generation to the next for 200 years. We serve our customers in digital channels everywhere and face-to-face in our offices in the Helsinki  Turku  Tampere  Vaasa and Oulu regions. Our award-winning asset management business sells investment funds internationally. We employ approximately 900 people around Finland. Aktia's assets under management (AuM) on 31 December 2021 amounted to EUR 15.5 billion  and the balance sheet total was EUR 11.7 billion. Aktia's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (AKTIA). aktia.com.,neutral,0.07,0.82,0.12,mixed,0.29,0.25,0.46,True,English,"['Aktia Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Ari Syrjäläinen', 'Maria Jerhamre Engström', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Aktia Bank Plc.', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Johan Hammarén', 'Timo Vättö', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Marcus Tötterman', 'Aktia Pankki Oyj', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'share based scheme', 'Finnish asset manager', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'annual (gross) remuneration', 'share issue authorisation', 'CEO Mikko Ayub', 'Board Lasse Svens', 'General Counsel', 'M.Sc.', 'The Board', 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'Organising meeting', 'Audit Committee', 'Risk Committee', 'temporary legislation', 'proxy representatives', 'shareholder rights', 'accounting period', 'record date', 'Harri Lauslahti', 'Olli-Petteri Lehtinen', 'Johannes Schulman', 'Sari Pohjonen', 'new member', 'governing bodies', 'accommodation expenses', 'daily allowance', 'reasonable invoice', 'Further information', 'Mass media', 'life insurer', 'one generation', 'Aktia shares', 'remuneration report', 'travel policy', 'APA firm', 'same website', 'vice chair', 'parent company', 'Dividend payment', 'board members', 'deputy chair', '7,221,000 shares', '500,000 company', 'April', 'Decisions', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'possibility', 'shareholders', 'advance', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'liability', 'January', '31 December', '0.56 euro', 'register', 'number', 'office', 'Story', 'addition', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'Compensation', 'line', 'Auditor', 'Econ.', 'charge', 'Authorisations', 'resolution', 'securities', 'use', 'composition', 'Presentations', 'minutes', 'Swedish', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'tel', 'Distribution', 'wealth', 'wellbeing', '5.45', '358']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2329,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/energy/how-sanctions-are-pushing-russia-to-brink-of-default/2022/04/06/c0eab0b2-b57a-11ec-8358-20aa16355fb4_story.html,Analysis | How Sanctions Are Pushing Russia to Brink of Default,1 day ago,War  sanctions and disrupted payment systems have left the holders of about $150 billion in bonds sold by Russia and its companies abroad bracing for defaults. Fears eased in mid-March when the first interest payments due since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine came through  proving that at least some of the country’s borrowers could still service their foreign currency bonds. The relief was short-lived. In early April  an attempt to pay Russian government dollar-debt obligations was rejected by foreign banks  increasing the risk of the country’s first sovereign default since 1998.1. What went wrong?Russia’s Finance Ministry said it still made the payments by transferring the money in rubles to a special account for foreigners with the country’s National Settlement Depository  citing a local decree allowing foreign debt payments in local currency. However  neither of the securities involved allowed payment in rubles  according to bond documents. Credit assessors including Fitch Ratings and S&P Global have said Russia will be considered in default if it doesn’t pay coupon payments in dollars within a 30-day grace period. Shortly after the dollar payment was rejected  the cost of insuring Russia’s government debt surged to signal a record 99% chance of default within the year.Advertisement2. What’s obstructing Russian debt payments?Governments have frozen about half of Russia’s foreign reserves  sanctions have isolated its banking system and some payments are being delayed by banks doing lengthy checks that they aren’t breaching any restrictions. In early April  the U.S. Treasury halted dollar debt payments from Russia’s accounts at U.S. banks  depriving it of an important source of funds to cover its obligations. An exemption that’s allowed U.S. and overseas investors to continue receiving payments on Russian debt is set to expire at the end of May. State enterprises such as Gazprom PJSC and Rosneft PJSC have continued to honor their foreign debts  but Severstal PJSC ran out of time for an interest payment after Citigroup Inc. blocked it for fear of breaching sanctions. Russian Railways JSC and EuroChem have also missed payment deadlines as the cash got stuck for compliance checks on its way to investors. Moves by the world’s biggest clearing houses -- Clearstream and Euroclear -- to curb settlement services they provide for Russian bonds have further complicated the flow of funds.3. What’s the Russian government’s response?AdvertisementOfficials in Moscow have previously warned that Russia would be forced to pay in rubles if sanctions block the transfer of dollars or euros. Such a switch  if applied to all Russian debt  would widely be seen as a default. If it weren’t  the world “would be awash in Venezuelan bolivars and Argentine pesos ” according to Elena L. Daly  a sovereign debt restructuring lawyer based in Paris. It may work in some cases: Six of the government’s dollar and euro-denominated bonds have what’s known as “fallback optionality ” which would allow the borrower to pay in other currencies  and in some cases  the ruble. But there’s little sign that Russian firms would emulate the government and try to switch payments to rubles -- or that foreign investors would be willing to receive them.4. What happens next?The debacle takes Russia a step closer to its first sovereign default since shockwaves from the Asian debt crisis and tumbling oil prices pushed Boris Yeltsin’s government to renege on about $40 billion of domestic debt. It took Russia about six years to gain so-called investment-grade status  which meant it could be held by a broad pool of investors. Russia’s credit ratings were dramatically slashed after the Feb. 24 attack on Ukraine in a sudden fall from investment grade. It has been sanctioned in various ways by the U.S. and its allies since it annexed Ukraine’s Crimean Peninsula in 2014  though it has been building foreign reserves.Advertisement5. What principles are at stake?Russia’s situation is unusual because companies could possibly keep servicing their debt even if the sovereign defaults. Some of them sell bonds via foreign subsidiaries and have dollars offshore. Issuers also have a responsibility to treat all bondholders fairly and must follow the “pari passu” principle (Latin for “equal footing”)  meaning that they can’t treat holders of the same note differently. That idea played a role in Argentina in 2014  when it was blocked by a U.S. judge from paying some bondholders until it resolved a long-running legal saga between the government and holdouts led by Paul Singer’s Elliott Investment Management.6. What options do investors have?If bondholders don’t get paid  it’s likely the start of a very long  complicated process. History is an imperfect guide  but Russia already holds the record for the longest time between default and some form of resolution with creditors: After the Bolsheviks refused to service or recognize the czar’s debts a century ago  the Soviet Union signed an agreement to settle at least some of those claims in 1986. Even if many of the notes are governed by English law and hence bondholders can take the Russian government to court in England  any attempt to enforce an agreement now will likely involve Russian assets and Russian courts. How foreign investors will access them is hard to know at this stage. The price of Russia’s dollar-denominated debt plunged in expectation of a default  with bonds due in 2023 quoted at just over a third of their face value on April 5. It fell 11 cents on the dollar on the new U.S. restrictions.Advertisement7. Are investors insured?Some investors purchase credit-default swaps  or CDS  insurance-like instruments designed to cover losses if a country or company fails to meet its obligations. However  roughly $13 billion of Russian government debt could be ineligible  a panel of banks and investors ruled March 11  because of the possibility of ruble payments on six of the bonds.8. What’s the broader impact?Concerns about a Russian default are rippling through other emerging markets. A Russian sovereign default is no longer an “improbable event ” International Monetary Fund Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva said March 13  though the exposure of global banks to Russia is “definitely not systemically relevant.” Some investors have warned that a Russian default could ultimately lead to a global sovereign debt crisis if investors start shunning risk and more countries are locked out of financial markets.Advertisement• The Odd Lots podcast looks at alternative payments clauses in Russian bonds.• Bloomberg’s Big Take on how Russia is spiraling toward default  how its economy might adapt and its high-wire act to avoid default.• A 2008 research paper from the National Bureau of Economic Research on the history of sovereign defaults in emerging markets.• Bloomberg Opinion’s Max Hastings on centuries of Russian brutality.• Bloomberg QuickTakes on the SWIFT payment system and the history of sanctions against Russia.• A statement by the U.S. Treasury Department on initial sanctions concerning Russian debt and the Treasury’s 2021 global sanctions review.More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com©2022 Bloomberg L.P.GiftOutline Gift Article,negative,0.02,0.14,0.85,negative,0.01,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Analysis', 'Sanctions', 'Russia', 'Brink', 'Default', 'sovereign debt restructuring lawyer', 'Russian government dollar-debt obligations', '30-day grace period', 'biggest clearing houses', 'Elena L. Daly', 'tumbling oil prices', 'pari passu” principle', 'running legal saga', 'long, complicated process', 'S&P Global', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian Railways JSC', 'Asian debt crisis', 'U.S. Treasury', 'U.S. judge', 'Elliott Investment Management', 'first interest payments', 'first sovereign default', 'U.S. banks', 'Russian debt payments', 'foreign debt payments', 'foreign currency bonds', 'dollar debt payments', 'local currency', 'settlement services', 'Russian firms', 'domestic debt', 'Russian bonds', 'foreign banks', 'foreign reserves', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'government debt', 'early April', 'Finance Ministry', 'special account', 'local decree', 'bond documents', 'Credit assessors', 'Fitch Ratings', 'coupon payments', 'banking system', 'lengthy checks', 'important source', 'State enterprises', 'Gazprom PJSC', 'Rosneft PJSC', 'Severstal PJSC', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'compliance checks', 'Venezuelan bolivars', 'Argentine pesos', 'fallback optionality', 'other currencies', 'little sign', 'Boris Yeltsin', 'six years', 'grade status', 'broad pool', 'credit ratings', 'Feb. 24 attack', 'sudden fall', 'investment grade', 'various ways', 'Crimean Peninsula', 'equal footing', 'same note', 'Paul Singer', 'imperfect guide', 'Soviet Union', 'payment systems', 'dollar payment', 'payment deadlines', 'euro-denominated bonds', 'foreign debts', 'foreign investors', 'record 99% chance', 'longest time', 'overseas investors', 'War', 'sanctions', 'holders', 'companies', 'defaults', 'Fears', 'mid-March', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'country', 'borrowers', 'relief', 'attempt', 'risk', 'money', 'rubles', 'foreigners', 'securities', 'dollars', 'cost', 'Advertisement', 'Governments', 'half', 'restrictions', 'accounts', 'funds', 'exemption', 'end', 'May', 'EuroChem', 'cash', 'Moves', 'world', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'flow', 'response', 'Officials', 'Moscow', 'transfer', 'euros', 'switch', 'Paris', 'cases', 'debacle', 'shockwaves', 'allies', 'principles', 'stake', 'situation', 'Issuers', 'responsibility', 'Latin', 'idea', 'role', 'Argentina', 'holdouts', 'options', 'start', 'History', 'form', 'resolution', 'creditors', 'Bolsheviks', 'czar', 'agreement', 'claims', 'notes']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,washingtonpost.com
2331,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-04/55715323-linkfire-notice-to-convene-annual-general-meeting-200.htm,Linkfire: Notice to Convene Annual General Meeting,"Linkfire A/SCVR-no.: 35 83 54 31The board of directors of Linkfire A/S (""the company"") hereby convenes the annual general meeting to be","COPENHAGEN  DK / ACCESSWIRE / April 6  2022 / Linkfire (STO:LINKFI)Linkfire A/SCVR-no.: 35 83 54 31The board of directors of Linkfire A/S (""the company"") hereby convenes the annual general meeting to be held on Wednesday 27 April 2022 15.00 CET at the company's office  Artillerivej 86  2300 Copenhagen.AgendaAppointment of the chairman of the general meeting. The board of directors' report on the activities of the company during the past ?nancial year. Presentation of the audited annual report and the consolidated ?nancial statements for the ?nancial year 2021 for adoption. Proposal by the board of directors concerning the appropriation of pro?ts or covering of losses as recorded in the approved annual report. Resolution to grant discharge of liability to members of the board of directors and the executive management. Election of members of the board of directors  including the chairman of the board of directors. Presentation of the remuneration report for the most recent ?nancial year for advisory vote. Approval of the board of directors' remuneration for the current ?nancial year. Election of auditor and determination of remuneration for the auditor. Any proposals from the board of directors or the shareholders. Proposal on issuance of warrants Proposal on authorization to the chairman of the meeting.Re item 1. Appointment of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney-at-law Andreas Nielsen is appointed as chairman of the meeting. Accordingly  the board of directors will at the general meeting appoint Andreas Nielsen as chairman of the meeting in accordance with section 6.8.1 of the company's articles of association.Re item 2. The board of directors' report on the activities of the company during the past ?nancial yearRe item 3. Presentation of the audited annual report and the consolidated ?nancial statements for the ?nancial year 2021 for adoptionThe audited annual report for 2021 is available at the company's website https://investors.link?re.com as Schedule 1.The board of directors proposes that the audited annual report is adopted.Re item 4. Proposal by the board of directors concerning the appropriation of pro?ts or covering of losses as recorded in the approved annual reportThe board of directors proposes that the year's loss of DKK 36 498 thousand is transferred to the company's reserves and that no dividend is paid out for the ?nancial year 2021.Re item 5. Resolution to grant discharge of liability to members of the board of directors and the executive managementThe board of directors proposes that the board of directors and the executive management are discharged from liability for the performance of their duties.Re item 6. Election of members of the board of directors  including the chairman of the board of directorsCurrently  the board of directors consists of following members:Jesper Eigen Møller (chairman of the board of directors)Thomas Weilby KnudsenCharlotte KlingeThomas RudbeckThe nomination committee which has been composed of (i) Thomas Weilby Knudsen (Chairman)  (ii) Jesper Eigen Møller  (iii) Lars Ettrup and (iv) Jeppe Faurfelt  proposes re-election of the following board members Thomas Weiby Knudsen and Charlotte Klinge elected by the general meeting  including re-election of Jesper Eigen Møller as chairman of the board of directors and election of Petra Von Rohr and Ole Larsen as new board member.For an overview of management level posts held by the current members of the board of directors up for election in other commercial enterprises  please see page 35 of the annual report.In accordance with section 120(3) of the Danish Companies Act  it should be informed that Petra Von Rohr  is the CEO of Biocool AB and is a member of the board of directors for Better Collective A/S and WeBrock Ventures. Further  Ole Larsen is the CEO of nuso ApS and is the chairman of the board of directors for Rikke Gravengaard Copenhagen A/S.A statement issued by the nomination committee regarding the board of directors and the proposals of the nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2022 is available on https://investors.link?re.com/investors.Re item 7. Presentation of the remuneration report for 2021 for advisory vote Presentation by the board of directors of the remuneration report for 2021 is available at the company's website https://investors.link?re.com as Schedule 2.The board of directors proposes an advisory vote on the remuneration report 2021.Re item 8. Approval of the board of directors' remuneration for the current ?nancial yearThe nomination committee proposes that the general meeting approves an annual remuneration of DKK 250 000 (DKK 250 000 in the previous year) for the chairman of the board of directors and an annual remuneration of DKK 125 000 (DKK 125 000 in the previous year) for each of the other members of the board of directors until the next annual general meeting.Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that the general meeting approves an annual remuneration of DKK 50 000 (DKK 50 000 in the previous year) for the chairmanship in the audit committee or the remuneration committee  respectively  and an annual remuneration of DKK 25 000 (DKK 25 000 in the previous year) for a regular membership of the audit committee or the remuneration committee  respectively.Re item 9. Election of auditor and determination of remuneration for the auditor The nomination committee proposes that Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab is re-appointed as the auditor of the company.The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab will be paid in accordance with accounts approved by the company.Re item 10a). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to increase the share capital of the companyThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to increase the company's share capital in one or more issues without pre-emption rights for the company's existing shareholders by up to a nominal amount of DKK 116 412.71. The capital increase(s) shall take place at market price and shall be e?ected by cash payment  by contribution in kind  by debt conversion or a combination hereof.For the issuance of shares based on the above authorization the following shall apply:Partial payment of the subscription amount is not permitted. The new shares will be without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders  and the pre-emption rights relating to the new shares will not be restricted in respect of future capital increases other than as provided for in the company's articles of association. There are no restrictions on the transferability of the shares. No shareholder is obliged to have his or her shares redeemed in full or in part. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and o?cial listing on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (the ""Exchange""). The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.It is proposed that the authorization to increase the share capital without pre-emption rights will replace the lapsed authorization in section 4.1 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association is available at the company's website https://investors.link?re.com as Schedule 3.Re item 10b). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to acquire treasury sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to pass a resolution on acquisition of treasury shares on the following terms:The company may acquire up to nominal DKK 58 206.35 treasury shares in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023. Acquisitions of treasury shares should be made on the Exchange at a price per share which cannot deviate more than 10 % from the price quoted on the Exchange on the date of acquisition.All acquisitions of treasury shares shall be made in accordance with the applicable rules at the Exchange.It is proposed that the authorization to the board of directors to acquire treasury shares will replace the lapsed authorization in section 4.2 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 3 to this notice.Re item 10c). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to issue warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to issue warrants in one or more rounds to the company's key employees  consultants and members of the executive management granting them a right to subscribe for shares of up to a total nominal amount of DKK 30.107 64 against payment in cash without pre-emption rights for the company's shareholders  and to adopt the necessary resolutions to carry out the required increase of the company's share capital.The board of directors may reissue any expired warrants that have not been duly exercised  provided that the reissuance observes the terms and limitations in time which are set out in this authorization. A reissuance shall mean the board of directors' access to issue new warrants as substitution for warrants that have already been issued but which have terminated.The principal terms and conditions which shall apply to the issued warrants are enclosed as Schedule 1 to the articles of association (Schedule 3). The board of directors shall be authorized to determine the detailed terms and conditions of the issued warrants and the distribution thereof in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in that schedule.For the issuance of warrants based on the above autorisation the following shall apply:Partial payment of the subscription amount is not permitted. The new shares will be without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders  and the pre-emption rights relating to the new shares will not be restricted in respect of future capital increases. The transferability of the new shares will not be restricted  and the new shareholders will not be obligated to let their shares be redeemed. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and o?cial listing on the Exchange. The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.It is proposed that the authorization to the board of directors to issue warrants is replacing the lapsed authorization in section 5.1 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 3 to this notice.Re item 11. Proposal on issuance of warrantsIt is proposed to issue 368 540 warrants to the proposed two new board members of the company in the following order:Petra von Rohr should be granted 184 270 warrants and Ole Larsen should be granted 184 270 warrants.Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for 1 share in the company at a nominal value of DKK 0.01.The warrants shall be subject to the terms and conditions attached as Schedule 4 to the company's articles of association (Schedule 3).In addition to this  and with reference to clause 167  referring to clause 154 and 158 of the Danish Companies Act  it is proposed that the following terms and conditions shall apply to the subscription of the warrants and the capital increase in the company relating the issuance of shares in the company that will occur in connection with a warrant holder's exercise of warrants. Consequently  the following shall apply:The nominal value of the capital in-crease resulting from the exercise of warrants will be at least DKK 0.01 and maximum nominally DKK 3 685.40 always provided that the adjustment mechanism set out in section 11 of Schedule 4 to the company's articles of association may result in a higher value. Each warrant gives the holder a right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the company with a nominal value of DKK 0.01 each. The new shares may be subscribed for against payment of a cash exercise price equivalent to the company's volume weighted average share price in the 10 business days after the Date of Grant plus 10%. New shares issued on the basis of the warrants will confer upon the holders the right to receive dividend and other rights in the company from the time of registration with the Danish Business Authority of the capital increase connected to the issue of shares. The company will bear the costs of the issue of warrants and the subsequent exercise thereof. The company's costs in connection with the issue and the resulting capital increase are estimated at DKK 25 000. The existing shareholders will have no pre-emption rights  as the shares are issued in favour of the relevant warrant holders by signing the attached subscription lists. Shares issued on the basis of warrants will not be subject to any restrictions in the pre-emption rights in connection with future capital increases. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and o?cial listing on the Exchange. The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.As a part of the issue of warrants  it is proposed to authorize the board of directors to resolve the pertaining capital increase  provided under section 155(2) of the Danish Companies Act  in accordance with this item 11 and to implement any necessary changes to the company's articles of association.It is proposed that the issuance of the warrants is included as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 4 to this notice.Re Item 12. Proposal on authorization to the chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes to authorize the chairman of the general meeting - with right of substitution - to ?le the resolutions passed with the Danish Business Authority and to make such amendments to the resolutions passed by the general meeting which the Danish Business Authority might demand as a condition to register the resolutions passed by the general meeting.Additional informationAdoption requirementsThe approval of the board of directors' proposals under agenda items 10a and 11 requires that both 2/3 of the cast votes as well as 2/3 of the share capital represented at the general meeting are in favour of the proposal.The remaining proposals on the agenda can be adopted by simple majority.Share capital and voting rightsAt the time of this notice  the share capital in Link?re is nominally DKK 595 320.86 divided into 59.532.086 shares  each of a nominal value of DKK 0.01 each. Each share of DKK 0.01 is entitled to one vote at the general meeting.Availability of informationThis notice with the agenda  the complete proposals and schedules is made public on the company's website (https://investors.link?re.com) as of this date.Questions to the agenda and other documents for the general meeting may be submitted in writing and must be received by the company no later than Wednesday 20 April 2022. Written questions with clear identi?cation of the shareholder must be sent to investors@link?re.com or by regular mail to Link?re A/S  Artillerivej 86  2300 Copenhagen  Denmark.Furthermore  shareholders or proxies  physically present  may ask questions to the board of directors  the executive management and the company's auditor on the general meeting.WebcastLink?re o?ers its shareholders the opportunity to participate in the annual general meeting via webcast provided  however  that shareholders who choose to do so will not have the possibility to cast their vote during the annual general meeting or ask questions. Such shareholders are encouraged to exercise their voting rights by postal vote or proxy and to submit questions to the agenda and other documents for the general meeting to the company in advance. Link to the webcast can be requested by sending an email to investors@link?re.com.Admission to the general meeting and granting of proxyA shareholder or proxy wishing to attend the general meeting must submit a request for an admission card so that it has been received by the company no later than Monday 25 April 2022 at 23.59 CET. Admission cards can be requested by submitting the registration form by email (scanned copy) to vp_vpinvestor@euronext.com or by regular mail to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtved Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen or by phone +45 43 58 88 66 (weekdays from 9am to 4pm).. Admissions cards will be handed out at the entrance to the general meeting upon presentation of valid photo identi?cation. The registration form is enclosed to this notice as Schedule 4 by accessing https://investors.link?re.com.Registration DateThe shareholders' right to attend and cast their votes at the AGM is determined on basis of the number of shares held by the shareholders on the expiry of the date of registration on Wednesday 20 April 2022 at 23.59 CET. Only shareholders holding shares on the registration date are entitled to attend and vote at the general meeting.The number of shares held by each shareholder in the company on the date of registration is calculated at 23.59 pm on the date of registration. The calculation will be based on the registration of shares in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden  the register of shareholders and such duly documented noti?cations to the company regarding the acquisition of shares that have not yet been recorded in the register of shareholders but have been received by the company before 23.59 pm on the date of registration.Information to shareholders who hold their shares through Euroclear Sweden ABThe following information is to shareholders who hold their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear Sweden"").In order to attend the annual general meeting and exercise your voting rights  you must register your voting rights in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and complete the registration form available at the company's website https://investors.link?re.com as Schedule 4 in accordance with the instructions set out below.If you want to exercise your voting right by proxy  you must also register your voting rights in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and complete the proxy-absentee vote form available at the company's website https://investors.link?re.com as Schedule 5 in accordance with the instructions set out below.Registration process for voting rights - Direct-registered holders:Shareholders who hold their shares on an account directly with Euroclear Sweden  a CSD-account (Sw: VP-konto) will automatically be included in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and do not have to perform any registration regarding voting rights.Registration process for voting rights - Nominee-registered holders:To be registered and entitled to vote at the general meeting  shareholders who hold shares via a nominee must act in accordance with the instructions set out below:Nominee-registered shareholders must request the nominee to register their shares temporarily in their own name in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden. The request for registration of voting rights shall be submitted to the nominee in su?cient time to allow the registration to be e?ective and completed at Euroclear Sweden in due time before end of business on Wednesday 20 April 2022.Attendance with an adviserShareholders may attend the general meeting together with an adviser if they have taken out an admission card for themselves and the accompanying adviser no later than Monday 25 April 2022 at 23.59 CET.Shareholders  who do not wish to or are unable to attend the general meeting may exercise their rights by completing the proxy/absentee vote form enclosed as Schedule 6 to this notice.On the proxy/absentee vote form. Shareholders may choose to:Vote by post (please note  that a vote by post cannot be withdrawn after it has been received by the company)  Grant a proxy to a named third party or; rant a proxy to the chairman of the board of directors (votes will be casted in accordance with the board of directors' and the nomination committee's recommendations).Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed by Euroclear Sweden  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-en gelska.pdfCOVID-19The annual general meeting will be held pursuant to the COVID-19 recommendations from the Danish health authorities applicable at the time of the meeting.LanguageThe general meeting will be conducted in English without any simultaneous translation being o?ered.The following schedules are enclosed to this notice:Schedule 1 - Annual report 2021Schedule 2 - Remuneration reportSchedule 3 - Draft new articles of association (in clean and redline) Schedule 4 - Registration formSchedule 5 - Proxy-absentee vote form___Copenhagen  April 6  2022On behalf of the board of directorsJesper Eigen Møller  chairman of the board of directorsFor further information  please contact:Hans Christian Wenzelsen  General CounselTelephone: +45 51 98 48 09AttachmentsNotice to convene annual general meetingSOURCE: LinkfireView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/696414/Notice-to-Convene-Annual-General-Meeting",neutral,0.04,0.86,0.1,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Linkfire', 'Notice', 'Jesper Eigen Møller', 'Rikke Gravengaard Copenhagen A/S.', 'next annual general meeting', 'Petra Von Rohr', 'Danish Companies Act', 'Better Collective A/S', 'Thomas Weilby Knudsen', 'Thomas Weiby Knudsen', 'other commercial enterprises', 'management level posts', 'past ?nancial year', 'recent ?nancial year', 'Linkfire A/S CVR', 'law Andreas Nielsen', 'current ?nancial year', 'consolidated ?nancial statements', 'new board member', 'Thomas Rudbeck', 'previous year', 'annual report', 'executive management', 'annual remuneration', 'current members', 'pro?ts', 'advisory vote', 'nomination committee', 'Charlotte Klinge', 'Lars Ettrup', 'Jeppe Faurfelt', 'Ole Larsen', 'Biocool AB', 'WeBrock Ventures', 'nuso ApS', 'other members', 'remuneration report', 'Wednesday 27 April', 'following members', 'Re item', ""directors' remuneration"", 'board members', '2300 Copenhagen', 'DK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'company', 'office', 'Artillerivej', 'Agenda', 'Appointment', 'chairman', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'Proposal', 'appropriation', 'losses', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Election', 'Approval', 'auditor', 'determination', 'shareholders', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'authorization', 'attorney', 'accordance', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'website', 'investors', 'Schedule', 'reserves', 'dividend', 'performance', 'duties', 'overview', 'page', 'CEO', '2021']",2022-04-05,2022-04-07,finanznachrichten.de
2334,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@hkuppy @dryrock0 This is what I am trying to tell them euroclear IS open and BNYmellon is actively processing canc… https://t.co/6Q5teIUBiQ,nan,@hkuppy @dryrock0 This is what I am trying to tell them euroclear IS open and BNYmellon is actively processing canc… https://t.co/6Q5teIUBiQ,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['hkuppy', 'dryrock0', 'BNYmellon', 'canc', 'Q5teIUBiQ', 'hkuppy', 'dryrock0', 'BNYmellon', 'canc', 'Q5teIUBiQ']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,Unknown
2345,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/energy/how-sanctions-are-pushing-russia-to-brink-of-default/2022/04/06/c0eab0b2-b57a-11ec-8358-20aa16355fb4_story.html,Analysis | How Sanctions Are Pushing Russia to Brink of Default,1 day ago,War  sanctions and disrupted payment systems have left the holders of about $150 billion in bonds sold by Russia and its companies abroad bracing for defaults. Fears eased in mid-March when the first interest payments due since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine came through  proving that at least some of the country’s borrowers could still service their foreign currency bonds. The relief was short-lived. In early April  an attempt to pay Russian government dollar-debt obligations was rejected by foreign banks  increasing the risk of the country’s first sovereign default since 1998.1. What went wrong?Russia’s Finance Ministry said it still made the payments by transferring the money in rubles to a special account for foreigners with the country’s National Settlement Depository  citing a local decree allowing foreign debt payments in local currency. However  neither of the securities involved allowed payment in rubles  according to bond documents. Credit assessors including Fitch Ratings and S&P Global have said Russia will be considered in default if it doesn’t pay coupon payments in dollars within a 30-day grace period. Shortly after the dollar payment was rejected  the cost of insuring Russia’s government debt surged to signal a record 99% chance of default within the year.Advertisement2. What’s obstructing Russian debt payments?Governments have frozen about half of Russia’s foreign reserves  sanctions have isolated its banking system and some payments are being delayed by banks doing lengthy checks that they aren’t breaching any restrictions. In early April  the U.S. Treasury halted dollar debt payments from Russia’s accounts at U.S. banks  depriving it of an important source of funds to cover its obligations. An exemption that’s allowed U.S. and overseas investors to continue receiving payments on Russian debt is set to expire at the end of May. State enterprises such as Gazprom PJSC and Rosneft PJSC have continued to honor their foreign debts  but Severstal PJSC ran out of time for an interest payment after Citigroup Inc. blocked it for fear of breaching sanctions. Russian Railways JSC and EuroChem have also missed payment deadlines as the cash got stuck for compliance checks on its way to investors. Moves by the world’s biggest clearing houses -- Clearstream and Euroclear -- to curb settlement services they provide for Russian bonds have further complicated the flow of funds.3. What’s the Russian government’s response?AdvertisementOfficials in Moscow have previously warned that Russia would be forced to pay in rubles if sanctions block the transfer of dollars or euros. Such a switch  if applied to all Russian debt  would widely be seen as a default. If it weren’t  the world “would be awash in Venezuelan bolivars and Argentine pesos ” according to Elena L. Daly  a sovereign debt restructuring lawyer based in Paris. It may work in some cases: Six of the government’s dollar and euro-denominated bonds have what’s known as “fallback optionality ” which would allow the borrower to pay in other currencies  and in some cases  the ruble. But there’s little sign that Russian firms would emulate the government and try to switch payments to rubles -- or that foreign investors would be willing to receive them.4. What happens next?The debacle takes Russia a step closer to its first sovereign default since shockwaves from the Asian debt crisis and tumbling oil prices pushed Boris Yeltsin’s government to renege on about $40 billion of domestic debt. It took Russia about six years to gain so-called investment-grade status  which meant it could be held by a broad pool of investors. Russia’s credit ratings were dramatically slashed after the Feb. 24 attack on Ukraine in a sudden fall from investment grade. It has been sanctioned in various ways by the U.S. and its allies since it annexed Ukraine’s Crimean Peninsula in 2014  though it has been building foreign reserves.Advertisement5. What principles are at stake?Russia’s situation is unusual because companies could possibly keep servicing their debt even if the sovereign defaults. Some of them sell bonds via foreign subsidiaries and have dollars offshore. Issuers also have a responsibility to treat all bondholders fairly and must follow the “pari passu” principle (Latin for “equal footing”)  meaning that they can’t treat holders of the same note differently. That idea played a role in Argentina in 2014  when it was blocked by a U.S. judge from paying some bondholders until it resolved a long-running legal saga between the government and holdouts led by Paul Singer’s Elliott Investment Management.6. What options do investors have?If bondholders don’t get paid  it’s likely the start of a very long  complicated process. History is an imperfect guide  but Russia already holds the record for the longest time between default and some form of resolution with creditors: After the Bolsheviks refused to service or recognize the czar’s debts a century ago  the Soviet Union signed an agreement to settle at least some of those claims in 1986. Even if many of the notes are governed by English law and hence bondholders can take the Russian government to court in England  any attempt to enforce an agreement now will likely involve Russian assets and Russian courts. How foreign investors will access them is hard to know at this stage. The price of Russia’s dollar-denominated debt plunged in expectation of a default  with bonds due in 2023 quoted at just over a third of their face value on April 5. It fell 11 cents on the dollar on the new U.S. restrictions.Advertisement7. Are investors insured?Some investors purchase credit-default swaps  or CDS  insurance-like instruments designed to cover losses if a country or company fails to meet its obligations. However  roughly $13 billion of Russian government debt could be ineligible  a panel of banks and investors ruled March 11  because of the possibility of ruble payments on six of the bonds.8. What’s the broader impact?Concerns about a Russian default are rippling through other emerging markets. A Russian sovereign default is no longer an “improbable event ” International Monetary Fund Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva said March 13  though the exposure of global banks to Russia is “definitely not systemically relevant.” Some investors have warned that a Russian default could ultimately lead to a global sovereign debt crisis if investors start shunning risk and more countries are locked out of financial markets.Advertisement• The Odd Lots podcast looks at alternative payments clauses in Russian bonds.• Bloomberg’s Big Take on how Russia is spiraling toward default  how its economy might adapt and its high-wire act to avoid default.• A 2008 research paper from the National Bureau of Economic Research on the history of sovereign defaults in emerging markets.• Bloomberg Opinion’s Max Hastings on centuries of Russian brutality.• Bloomberg QuickTakes on the SWIFT payment system and the history of sanctions against Russia.• A statement by the U.S. Treasury Department on initial sanctions concerning Russian debt and the Treasury’s 2021 global sanctions review.More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com©2022 Bloomberg L.P.GiftOutline Gift Article,negative,0.02,0.14,0.85,negative,0.01,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Analysis', 'Sanctions', 'Russia', 'Brink', 'Default', 'sovereign debt restructuring lawyer', 'Russian government dollar-debt obligations', '30-day grace period', 'biggest clearing houses', 'Elena L. Daly', 'tumbling oil prices', 'pari passu” principle', 'running legal saga', 'long, complicated process', 'S&P Global', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian Railways JSC', 'Asian debt crisis', 'U.S. Treasury', 'U.S. judge', 'Elliott Investment Management', 'first interest payments', 'first sovereign default', 'U.S. banks', 'Russian debt payments', 'foreign debt payments', 'foreign currency bonds', 'dollar debt payments', 'local currency', 'settlement services', 'Russian firms', 'domestic debt', 'Russian bonds', 'foreign banks', 'foreign reserves', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'government debt', 'early April', 'Finance Ministry', 'special account', 'local decree', 'bond documents', 'Credit assessors', 'Fitch Ratings', 'coupon payments', 'banking system', 'lengthy checks', 'important source', 'State enterprises', 'Gazprom PJSC', 'Rosneft PJSC', 'Severstal PJSC', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'compliance checks', 'Venezuelan bolivars', 'Argentine pesos', 'fallback optionality', 'other currencies', 'little sign', 'Boris Yeltsin', 'six years', 'grade status', 'broad pool', 'credit ratings', 'Feb. 24 attack', 'sudden fall', 'investment grade', 'various ways', 'Crimean Peninsula', 'equal footing', 'same note', 'Paul Singer', 'imperfect guide', 'Soviet Union', 'payment systems', 'dollar payment', 'payment deadlines', 'euro-denominated bonds', 'foreign debts', 'foreign investors', 'record 99% chance', 'longest time', 'overseas investors', 'War', 'sanctions', 'holders', 'companies', 'defaults', 'Fears', 'mid-March', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'country', 'borrowers', 'relief', 'attempt', 'risk', 'money', 'rubles', 'foreigners', 'securities', 'dollars', 'cost', 'Advertisement', 'Governments', 'half', 'restrictions', 'accounts', 'funds', 'exemption', 'end', 'May', 'EuroChem', 'cash', 'Moves', 'world', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'flow', 'response', 'Officials', 'Moscow', 'transfer', 'euros', 'switch', 'Paris', 'cases', 'debacle', 'shockwaves', 'allies', 'principles', 'stake', 'situation', 'Issuers', 'responsibility', 'Latin', 'idea', 'role', 'Argentina', 'holdouts', 'options', 'start', 'History', 'form', 'resolution', 'creditors', 'Bolsheviks', 'czar', 'agreement', 'claims', 'notes']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,washingtonpost.com
2351,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@ResGloStocks @hkuppy If Euroclear &amp; Clearstream truly open the lock  then GDR conversion should be possible for al… https://t.co/m3JtzNwP3O,nan,@ResGloStocks @hkuppy If Euroclear &amp; Clearstream truly open the lock  then GDR conversion should be possible for al… https://t.co/m3JtzNwP3O,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['GDR conversion', 'ResGloStocks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'lock', 'm3JtzNwP3O', 'GDR conversion', 'ResGloStocks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'lock', 'm3JtzNwP3O']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,Unknown
2352,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,MEDICAL EMERGENCY  CLEARSTREAM CT  BLACKHAWK (4/5/2022 11:14:02 PM),nan,MEDICAL EMERGENCY  CLEARSTREAM CT  BLACKHAWK (4/5/2022 11:14:02 PM),neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['MEDICAL EMERGENCY', 'CLEARSTREAM CT', 'BLACKHAWK', '02', 'MEDICAL EMERGENCY', 'CLEARSTREAM CT', 'BLACKHAWK', '02']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,Unknown
2353,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://renewablesnow.com/news/eusolag-issues-eur-125m-green-bond-to-buy-solar-projects-in-bulgaria-romania-780038/,EUSOLAG issues EUR 125m green bond to buy solar projects in Bulgaria  Romania,1 day ago,"EUSOLAG issues EUR 125m green bond to buy solar projects in Bulgaria  RomaniaApril 6 (Renewables Now) - German solar asset manager EUSOLAG European Solar AG has issued a green bond worth EUR 125 million (USD 137.1m) to fund its growth and finance the acquisition of solar projects  among others in Bulgaria and Romania  chief executive Ivan Sirakov told Renewables Now.The bond is due in March 2027 and bears a coupon of 6.25% per year. It has been certified as ""green"" with a Second Party Opinion by investment research and analytics provider ISS ESG  owned by Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR:DB1).The notes are traded on the stock markets in Frankfurt  Berlin and Duesseldorf as well as on the UBS Bond Port platform  UPIN  and Bloomberg ALLQ.The proceeds from the bond issue will be used for building up EUSOLAG's solar portfolio. The company has already purchased its first project of 4 MW in the ready-to-build stage with available connection permits. Once operational in the third quarter of 2022  the solar park will generate more than 5 million kWh of green electricity per year. Talks are being held with energy utilities on the sale of the electricity from the solar farm.Additionally  the company has 115 MW of projects in its acquisition pipeline  located in Bulgaria and Romania. The assets have a capacity of between 4 MW and 12 MW each and will be put into operation gradually  starting from the third quarter of 2022  Sirakov said.The chief executive projects a further consolidation of the market for solar assets of up to 20 MW in Romania  Bulgaria as well as in EU countries in the Mediterranean region and Central Europe and expects EUSOLAG to be an active player in the process.The Frankfurt-based investor is looking to build a portfolio of solar plants worth more than EUR 500 million in the next five years. EUSOLAG will seek to maximise the revenues from the plants on the spot market as well as with power purchase agreements (PPAs)  board member Daniel Spinnler said earlier this month.(EUR 1 = USD 1.097)Join Renewables Now's free daily newsletter now!",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['EUR 125m green bond', 'solar projects', 'EUSOLAG', 'Bulgaria', 'Romania', 'UBS Bond Port platform', 'German solar asset manager', 'chief executive Ivan Sirakov', 'EUR 125m green bond', 'EUSOLAG European Solar AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Second Party Opinion', 'available connection permits', 'The Frankfurt-based investor', 'next five years', 'power purchase agreements', 'free daily newsletter', 'bond issue', 'solar park', 'solar farm', 'green electricity', 'solar projects', 'investment research', 'analytics provider', 'ISS ESG', 'stock markets', 'Bloomberg ALLQ', 'first project', 'third quarter', '5 million kWh', 'energy utilities', 'EU countries', 'Mediterranean region', 'Central Europe', 'active player', 'board member', 'Daniel Spinnler', 'solar portfolio', 'solar assets', 'solar plants', 'acquisition pipeline', 'spot market', 'to 20 MW', '4 MW', '115 MW', '12 MW', 'Bulgaria', 'Romania', 'April', 'Renewables', 'growth', 'others', 'March', 'coupon', 'ETR', 'notes', 'Berlin', 'Duesseldorf', 'UPIN', 'proceeds', 'company', 'stage', 'Talks', 'sale', 'capacity', 'operation', 'consolidation', 'process', 'revenues', 'PPAs', 'USD']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,renewablesnow.com
2359,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,New #crypto #ETN‘s available on the ⁦@DeutscheBoerse⁩ platform https://t.co/QZcP6tg4WK,nan,New #crypto #ETN‘s available on the ⁦@DeutscheBoerse⁩ platform https://t.co/QZcP6tg4WK,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['New #crypto #ETN', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'platform', 'co', 'QZcP6tg4WK', 'New #crypto #ETN', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'platform', 'co', 'QZcP6tg4WK']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,Unknown
2360,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Eurex derivatives business gains ground as Euro-clearing battle heats up - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused ex… https://t.co/4rs0HNte1v,nan,Eurex derivatives business gains ground as Euro-clearing battle heats up - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused ex… https://t.co/4rs0HNte1v,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['Eurex derivatives business', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Euro-clearing battle', 'derivatives-focused', 'Eurex derivatives business', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Euro-clearing battle', 'derivatives-focused']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,Unknown
2361,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,asset manager @vaneck_eu has listed five more crypto ETNs on Deutsche Börse @XetraThis is the first listing of… https://t.co/qYSq9pId2Y,nan,asset manager @vaneck_eu has listed five more crypto ETNs on Deutsche Börse @XetraThis is the first listing of… https://t.co/qYSq9pId2Y,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'asset manager', 'crypto ETNs', 'first listing', 'vaneck_eu', 'five', 'Xetra', 'qYSq9pId2Y', 'Deutsche Börse', 'asset manager', 'crypto ETNs', 'first listing', 'vaneck_eu', 'five', 'Xetra', 'qYSq9pId2Y']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,Unknown
2362,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse invests $12 million in new holding company 360X to develop blockchain-based digital marketplaces featuring NFTs.,nan,Deutsche Boerse invests $12 million in new holding company 360X to develop blockchain-based digital marketplaces featuring NFTs.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['new holding company 360X', 'blockchain-based digital marketplaces', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'NFTs', 'new holding company 360X', 'blockchain-based digital marketplaces', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'NFTs']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,Unknown
2363,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-announces-filing-2021-annual-200000545.html,Pharming announces the filing of its 2021 Annual Report  with Form 20-F also filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and convenes its 2022 AGM,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces the filing of its Annual Report for the year ended 31 ...","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 6  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces the filing of its Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the ""Period""). The Company has also filed its Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the Period. In addition  the company convenes its 2022 AGM.Pharming Group N.V. LogoThe Annual Report is available on the Company's website under Investors/Financial Documents  https://www.pharming.com/investors/financial-documents. The Form 20-F is also available the Company's website under Investors/SEC filings https://www.pharming.com/investors/sec-filings.In addition  the Company's 2022 Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held on Wednesday 18 May 2022 at 2:00 pm (CEST). The Notice to Convene  Explanatory Notes  meeting documents and Form of Proxy can be found on the Company's website  www.pharming.com under Investors/Shareholders' Meetings.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. is a global  commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative protein replacement therapies and precision medicines for the treatment of rare diseases and unmet medical needs.The flagship of our portfolio is our recombinant human C1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH) franchise. C1INH is a naturally occurring protein that down regulates the complement and contact cascades in order to control inflammation in affected tissues.Our lead product  RUCONEST®  is the first and only plasma-free rhC1INH protein replacement therapy. It is approved for the treatment of acute hereditary angioedema (HAE) attacks. We are commercializing RUCONEST® in the United States  the European Union and the United Kingdom through our own sales and marketing organization  and the rest of the world through our distribution network.In addition  we are investigating the clinical efficacy of rhC1INH in the treatment of further indications  including pre-eclampsia  acute kidney injury and severe pneumonia as a result of COVID-19 infections.Story continuesWe are also studying our oral precision medicine  leniolisib (a phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta  or PI3K delta  inhibitor)  for the treatment of activated PI3K delta syndrome  or APDS. World-wide rights for leniolisib were licensed from Novartis AG in 2019. Leniolisib met both of its primary end points in a registration enabling Phase 2/3 study in the United States and Europe. We are targeting global regulatory filings for leniolisib from Q2 2022 onwards.Additionally  we entered into a strategic collaboration with Orchard Therapeutics to research  develop  manufacture and commercialize OTL-105  a newly disclosed investigational ex-vivo autologous hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) gene therapy for the treatment of HAE.Furthermore  we are leveraging our transgenic manufacturing technology to develop next-generation protein replacement therapies  most notably for Pompe disease  which is currently in preclinical development.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's ability to overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the conduct of its business  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsSijmen de Vries  CEO: T: +31 71 524 7400Susanne Embleton  Investor Relations Manager: T: +31 71 524 7400 E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpg",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.25,0.62,True,English,"['U.S. Securities', '2021 Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'Pharming', 'filing', 'Form', '2022 AGM', 'investigational ex-vivo autologous hematopoietic stem cell', 'recombinant human C1 esterase inhibitor', 'The Netherlands Leon Melens T', 'plasma-free rhC1INH protein replacement therapy', 'global, commercial stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Pharming Group N.V. Logo', 'enabling Phase 2/3 study', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'innovative protein replacement therapies', 'next-generation protein replacement therapies', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'HSC) gene therapy', 'Jim Polson T', 'global regulatory filings', 'U.S. Securities', 'unmet medical needs', 'acute hereditary angioedema', 'acute kidney injury', 'primary end points', 'transgenic manufacturing technology', 'working capital requirements', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'oral precision medicine', 'PI3K delta syndrome', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'Investor Relations Manager', '2022 Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual Report', 'The Form 20-F', 'rhC1INH) franchise', '2021 Annual Report', 'The Company', 'Investors/SEC filings', 'meeting documents', 'precision medicines', 'Exchange Commission', 'Financial Documents', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'Explanatory Notes', ""Investors/Shareholders' Meetings"", 'rare diseases', 'contact cascades', 'affected tissues', 'lead product', 'United States', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'marketing organization', 'distribution network', 'clinical efficacy', 'severe pneumonia', 'COVID-19 infections', 'World-wide rights', 'Novartis AG', 'strategic collaboration', 'Orchard Therapeutics', 'Pompe disease', 'preclinical development', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'cash resources', 'technical developments', 'actual results', 'Susanne Embleton', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'HAE) attacks', 'public information', 'other risks', 'Inside Information', 'LEIDEN', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'year', 'December', 'Period', 'addition', '2022 AGM', 'website', 'financial-documents', 'sec-filings', 'CEST', 'Notice', 'Proxy', 'treatment', 'flagship', 'portfolio', 'complement', 'order', 'inflammation', 'RUCONEST®', 'first', 'sales', 'rest', 'indications', 'pre-eclampsia', 'Story', 'leniolisib', 'APDS', 'registration', 'Q2', 'manufacture', 'OTL-105', 'respect', 'timing', 'progress', 'prospects', 'ability', 'challenges', 'conduct', 'business', 'expectations', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'events', 'circumstances', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'Article', 'CEO', 'London', 'UK', '2:00', '31']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2364,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-technologies-expands-availability-valours-070000103.html,DeFi Technologies Expands Availability of Valour's Polkadot  Solana  and Cardano ETPs to Euronext Exchange,"DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional ...","Trad i ng of three exchange traded products  Cardano (ADA) EUR (ISIN:CH1114178820)  Polkadot (DOT) EUR (ISIN: CH1114178812)  and Solana (SOL) EUR (ISIN:CH1114178812)  began today  April 6  2022 on Euronext exchangesThe ETPs will enable retail and institutional investors to gain exposure to the ADA  DOT  and SOL tokens simply and securely via their bank or brokerTORONTO  April 6  2022 /CNW/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralised finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset ETPs  will began trading of Valour Cardano (ADA)  Valour Polkadot (DOT)  and Valour Solana (SOL) on the Euronext exchange in Paris and Amsterdam. Trading of these ETPs began today  April 6  2022.DeFi Technologies Inc. Logo (CNW Group/DeFi Technologies  Inc.)These ETPs will be offered on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam enabling both retail and institutional investors to gain exposure to the native tokens of the Cardano  PolkaDot and Solana networks safely and without navigating the process of opening a crypto wallet.""By adding to our product offerings in European markets  we are offering millions of investors who are interested in digital assets new and accessible ways to diversify their portfolios "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO of Valour. ""I am confident that our low fee model and unparalleled access to this emerging asset class will serve as a catalyst for the long term growth of our Euronext offerings.""Valour offers fully hedged digital asset ETPs with low to zero management fees across four European exchanges. Valour's existing product range includes Valour Uniswap ( UNI )  Cardano ( ADA )  Polkadot ( DOT )  Solana ( SOL )  Avalanche ( AVAX )  and Terra ( LUNA ) ETPs  as well as Valour's flagship Bitcoin Zero and Valour Ethereum Zero products  the first fully hedged  passive investment product with Bitcoin ( BTC ) and Ethereum ( ETH ) as underlyings which are completely fee-free  while competitors charge up to 2.5% in management fees.Story continues""As we continue to expand our product offerings onto new exchanges  even more people will have access to participating in an industry that is rewriting the future of the financial services industry "" said CEO of DeFi Technologies Russell Starr. ""Investors are interested in the opportunity to get into crypto as it establishes itself  and Valour's ETPs enable them to do that on regulated exchanges they know and trust.""Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comCautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the listing of Valour Cardano (ADA)  Valour Polkadot (DOT) EUR  and Valour Solana (SOL) ETPs; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASECisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-expands-availability-of-valours-polkadot-solana-and-cardano-etps-to-euronext-exchange-301518637.htmlSOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.CisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/06/c3634.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.33,0.38,True,English,"['DeFi Technologies', 'Cardano ETPs', 'Euronext Exchange', 'Availability', 'Valour', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'low to zero management fees', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'three exchange traded products', 'DeFi Technologies Russell Starr', 'DeFi Technologies Inc. Logo', 'Valour Ethereum Zero products', 'low fee model', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'emerging asset class', 'traditional capital markets', 'existing product range', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'long term growth', 'four European exchanges', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'financial services industry', 'passive investment product', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'digital asset ETPs', 'European markets', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'Euronext exchange', 'product offerings', 'digital assets', 'financial information', 'Valour Inc.', 'new technologies', 'regulated exchanges', 'decentralised finance', 'CNW Group', 'native tokens', 'accessible ways', 'Tommy Fransson', 'Euronext offerings', 'disruptive innovations', 'secure way', 'Cautionary note', 'press release', 'investor interest', 'geographic expansion', 'additional listings', 'ETP offerings', 'regulatory environment', 'potential returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'new exchanges', 'defi.tech', 'looking information', 'unparalleled access', 'investor access', 'technology company', 'Solana networks', 'company updates', 'The ETPs', 'Valour Uniswap', 'institutional investors', 'Euronext Paris', 'crypto wallet', 'actual results', 'business opportunities', 'SOL tokens', 'Valour Solana', 'Valour Cardano', 'Valour Polkadot', 'ADA', 'ISIN', 'retail', 'bank', 'broker', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'subsidiary', 'pioneer', 'trading', 'Amsterdam', 'process', 'millions', 'portfolios', 'CEO', 'catalyst', 'Avalanche', 'AVAX', 'Terra', 'LUNA', 'flagship', 'BTC', 'underlyings', 'competitors', 'Story', 'people', 'future', 'opportunity', 'mission', 'heart', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'meaning', 'respect', 'adoption', 'pursuit', 'subsidiaries', 'merits', 'use', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'variations', 'words', 'phrases', 'actions', 'events', 'uncertainties', 'level', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'case']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2365,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-094300474.html,Notice convening Annual General Meeting,In accordance with article 8 of the articles of association  notice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of Tivoli A/S: on Thursday  28 April 2022  ...,Tivoli A/SIn accordance with article 8 of the articles of association  notice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of Tivoli A/S:on Thursday  28 April 2022  at 13:30 CETat Tivoli’s Concert Hall  Vesterbrogade 3  1630 Copenhagen V. The Concert Hall can be accessed via Tivoli's Main Entrance and the entrance across Copenhagen Central Station.Agenda:1. Report by the board of directors on the company's activities during the past year;2. Presentation and adoption of the annual report;3. Resolution on the appropriation of profit or loss as recorded in the adopted annual report;4. Any proposals by the board of directors or the shareholders.The board of directors submits the following proposals:a. Proposal to amend the articles of association: possibility of holding general meetings by electronic means onlyb. Proposal to amend the remuneration policyc. Proposal to approve the remuneration of the board of directors for 20225. Advisory vote on remuneration report;6. Election of members to the board of directors;7. Election of auditors;8. Any other business.* * * * * * * *Majority requirementsAdoption of the proposals submitted under agenda items 2  3  4b)  4c)  6 and 7 will require a simple majority of votes. The vote under agenda item 5 will be an advisory vote only.Adoption of the proposals submitted under agenda item 4a) will require a special majority of votes  see section 106 of the Danish Companies Act and article 17 of the company's articles of association. Hence  adoption of the proposal will require that the proposal is adopted by at least 2/3 of the votes cast and of the voting share capital represented at the general meeting.Attendance  admission cards and voting rightsAdmission cards will be provided to shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the general meeting. Anyone who (i) no later Thursday  21 April 2021 at 23:59 CET  have had their shares registered in the register of shareholders or have contacted the Company for entry in the register of shareholders  and this request has been received by the Company  and (ii) has given notice of their attendance at the general meeting no later than Sunday  24 April 2022 at 23:59 CET  will be entitled to attend and vote at the general meeting  see article 12 of the articles of association.Shareholders may announce their participation in the general meeting and request admission cards electronically via the investor portal on the company’s website www.tivoli.dk/en/om/virksomheden/aktionaerinformation or via VP Securities A/S’ (Euronext Securities) website on www.vp.dk/agm. It is also possible to return the completed attendance form via postal mail to VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities)  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 København K or via e-mail to vp_vpinvestor@euronext.com  however  the attendance form must be received by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) no later than Sunday  24 April 2022  at 23:59 CET.Admission cards will be sent to the email address specified at the time of confirming attendance. The admission card must be presented at the general meeting either electronically on a smartphone/tablet or printed. In case you forget your admission card to the general meeting  it can be reprinted upon presentation of valid ID (for instance passport or driver’s licence).Any shareholder who has requested an admission card without specifying an email address can pick up the admission card at the entrance to the general meeting upon presentation of valid ID.Voting papers will be handed out at the admission checkpoint for entry to the general meeting.The general meeting can be followed as a live webcast on the investor portal on the company’s website www.tivoli.dk/en/om/virksomheden/aktionaerinformation. In case the general meeting is followed via webcast  it will not be possible to submit questions/comments nor vote.Voting by proxyShareholders may vote by proxy. The proxy must be in writing and dated. An instrument of proxy issued to the board of directors of the company may only concern a specific general meeting with an agenda that is known in advance. Appointment of a proxy must either be notified to the company electronically on the investor portal on the company’s website www.tivoli.dk/en/om/virksomheden/aktionaerinformation or VP Securities A/S’ (Euronext Securities) website www.vp.dk/agm or by the proxy form which is sent to the shareholders together with the notice convening the general meeting and at the same time made available on the company's website. Instruments of proxy must be received by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) no later than Sunday  24 April 2022  at 23:59 CET. The proxy may also present a written and dated instrument of proxy at the general meeting.Postal voteVotes may also be cast by post. Postal votes may be submitted electronically on the investor portal on the company’s website www.tivoli.dk/en/om/virksomheden/aktionaerinformation or VP Securities A/S’ (Euronext Securities) website www.vp.dk/agm or by the proxy form which is sent to the shareholders together with the notice convening the general meeting and at the same time made available on the company's website. Postal votes must be received by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) no later than Wednesday  27 April 2022  at 23:59 CET. Once a postal vote has been submitted  it cannot be revoked.Written questionsShareholders may in writing submit questions about the agenda  the documents to be presented at the general meeting  or the company's position in general. Questions may be submitted by post or by e-mail to investor@tivoli.dk. Questions submitted will be answered at the general meeting.Information on the company's websiteThe following documents and information will be available on the company's website in the period from 6 April 2022 to 28 April 2022 (both days inclusive): 1) The notice convening the general meeting; 2) information about the total number of shares and voting rights as at the date of the convening notice; 3) all documents to be presented at the general meeting  including the annual report 4) the agenda of the general meeting and the full text of all proposals; and 5) postal and proxy voting forms.Inspection of documentsThe agenda and the complete proposals as well as the documents to be presented at the general meeting including the annual report  have been submitted for inspection to the shareholders from 6 April 2022 to 28 April 2022 in Tivoli Box Office  Vesterbrogade 3  1630 Copenhagen V.Share capital and account-holding bankThe company’s share capital is DKK 57 166 600 divided into shares of DKK 10 each. Each share of nominally DKK 10 carries one vote. The company's account-holding bank is Danske Bank.Personal dataFor the purposes of the general meeting  the company will collect  process and store certain personal data. In this connection  reference is made to the company's personal data policy  which is accessible on the company's website https://www.tivoli.dk/en/om/behandling-af-personoplysninger.Story continuesCopenhagen  6 April 2022The board of directorsTivoli A/SAttachments,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,negative,0.03,0.42,0.55,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice convening', 'Danish Companies Act', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', '1402 København K', 'Copenhagen Central Station', 'The Concert Hall', 'voting share capital', 'VP Securities A/S', 'specific general meeting', 'annual general meeting', '1630 Copenhagen V', 'vp.dk/agm', 'Euronext Securities', 'Tivoli A/S', 'general meetings', 'annual report', 'past year', 'electronic means', 'other business', 'Majority requirements', 'simple majority', 'special majority', 'admission cards', 'voting rights', 'investor portal', 'email address', 'valid ID', 'Voting papers', 'admission checkpoint', 'remuneration policy', 'Advisory vote', 'agenda items', 'Postal vote', 'postal mail', 'live webcast', 'same time', 'dated instrument', 'remuneration report', 'attendance form', 'Main Entrance', 'following proposals', 'proxy form', 'tivoli.dk', 'a.', 'votes', 'accordance', 'article', 'association', 'notice', 'Thursday', 'April', '13:30 CET', 'Vesterbrogade', 'board', 'directors', 'company', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'Resolution', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'loss', 'shareholders', 'possibility', 'Election', 'members', 'auditors', 'section', '2/3', 'Anyone', 'shares', 'register', 'entry', 'request', 'Sunday', '23:59 CET', 'participation', 'website', 'virksomheden/aktionaerinformation', 'www', 'vp_vpinvestor', 'smartphone/tablet', 'case', 'instance', 'passport', 'driver', 'licence', 'questions', 'comments', 'writing', 'advance', 'Appointment', 'Instruments', 'written', '2022']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2366,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-drone-consolidation-shares-composing-160000313.html,DELTA DRONE - Consolidation of the shares composing the share capital,April 6  2022 at 6pm As announced in the press release dated March 31  2022  Delta Drone has published today in BALO – Bulletin No. 41 of April 6  2022  the ...,DELTA DRONEApril 6  2022 at 6pmAs announced in the press release dated March 31  2022  Delta Drone has published today in BALO – Bulletin No. 41 of April 6  2022  the notice of share consolidation.The notice published in the BALO precisely describes the characteristics of the operation which will begin on April 22 and will end on May 23. The pooling basis corresponds to the exchange of 10 000 old shares with a nominal value of €0.0001 for 1 new share with a nominal value of €1.The objective of this merger is to support a new stock market dynamic of the company as well as to reduce the volatility of the price of delta Drone shares  induced by the low level of its current value.This transaction will not affect the overall value of delta Drone shares held in the portfolio by shareholders  with the exception of the broken ones.About Delta Drone : Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the field of civilian drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market – ISIN code: FR0011522168BSA Y – ISIN code: FR 0013400991www.deltadrone.comInvestor contact: Press contact:Jerome Gacoin Marie-Laure Laville +33 1 75 77 54 65 +33 1 55 02 15 13 jgacoin@aelium.fr ml.laville @open2europe.comSarah Ousahla+33 1 55 02 15 31s.ousahla@open2europe.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.04,0.23,0.73,True,English,"['DELTA DRONE', 'share capital', 'Consolidation', 'shares', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'new stock market dynamic', 'complete value chain', 'Delta Drone Group', 'delta Drone shares', '1 new share', '10,000 old shares', 'drone technology', 'nominal value', 'current value', 'overall value', 'press release', 'share consolidation', 'pooling basis', 'low level', 'international player', 'civilian drones', 'professional use', 'professional solutions', 'associated services', 'ISIN code', 'BSA Y', 'Investor contact', 'Press contact', 'Jerome Gacoin', 'Marie-Laure Laville', 'Sarah Ousahla', 'April', '6pm', 'BALO', 'Bulletin', 'notice', 'characteristics', 'operation', 'May', 'exchange', 'objective', 'merger', 'company', 'volatility', 'price', 'transaction', 'portfolio', 'shareholders', 'exception', 'field', 'range', 'deltadrone', 'aelium', 'open2europe', 'Attachment']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2367,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/guerbet-strengthens-executive-committee-appointment-063000733.html,Guerbet strengthens its Executive Committee with the appointment of Charlotte Bamière  General Counsel,Guerbet strengthens its Executive Committee with the appointment of Charlotte Bamière  General Counsel Villepinte  April 6  2022 – Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)...,GUERBETGuerbet strengthens its Executive Committeewith the appointment of Charlotte Bamière General CounselVillepinte  April 6  2022 – Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and medical imaging solutions  has announced the appointment of Charlotte Bamière  General Counsel  to the Executive Committee.Charlotte Bamière has contributed to the development of Guerbet’s legal function since joining the Group in 2011. In 2015  Charlotte Bamière and her team played a crucial part in securing the acquisition and integration of Mallinckrodt’s contrast media and delivery systems (CMDS) business.“Charlotte serves a pivotal role in rolling out the Group’s strategy  in terms of both developing Guerbet’s distribution model in Asia and securing external growth ” said David Hale  Chief Executive Officer of Guerbet.With this promotion  Guerbet confirms CEO David Hale’s commitment to increase gender parity within the Group  particularly in its management bodies.Charlotte Bamière holds a master’s degree in business law and taxation from the University of Paris Panthéon-Assas  a double postgraduate degree in foreign trade law and international arbitration from the University of Paris Panthéon-Sorbonne  and an MBA in business administration from the IAE Paris Sorbonne Business School. She began her career in 2001 in the United States in market finance at FIMAT USA (Société Générale). She then moved into long-term automobile rental at LeasePlan  before finally joining SNPE. This experience in fine chemicals  working for a pharmaceutical industry subcontractor  led her to Guerbet  which she joined in 2011. She rose to the post of General Counsel in 2016.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8%-10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €732 million in revenue in 2021. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.com.Story continuesMedia relationsGuerbet GlobalACTIFIN – Mathias Jordan+33 (0)1 56 88 11 26 / mjordan@actifin.frAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,positive,0.61,0.34,0.05,True,English,"['Charlotte Bamière', 'Executive Committee', 'General Counsel', 'Guerbet', 'appointment', 'Société Générale', 'IAE Paris Sorbonne Business School', 'Paris Panthéon-Assas', 'Paris Panthéon-Sorbonne', 'long-term automobile rental', 'Charlotte Bamière', 'foreign trade law', 'pharmaceutical industry subcontractor', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'CEO David Hale', 'double postgraduate degree', 'General Counsel Villepinte', 'medical imaging solutions', 'business law', 'Euronext Paris', 'CMDS) business', 'business administration', 'pharmaceutical products', 'AI solutions', 'Executive Committee', 'medical devices', 'interventional imaging', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'legal function', 'crucial part', 'contrast media', 'delivery systems', 'pivotal role', 'distribution model', 'external growth', 'gender parity', 'management bodies', 'international arbitration', 'United States', 'market finance', 'FIMAT USA', 'fine chemicals', 'lasting relationships', 'global leader', 'comprehensive range', 'contrast products', 'five centers', 'segment B', 'mid caps', 'Media relations', 'Mathias Jordan', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'Guerbet Global', 'appointment', 'April', 'development', 'Group', 'team', 'acquisition', 'integration', 'Mallinckrodt', 'strategy', 'terms', 'Asia', 'promotion', 'commitment', 'master', 'taxation', 'University', 'MBA', 'career', 'LeasePlan', 'SNPE.', 'experience', 'people', 'purpose', 'digital', 'diagnostic', 'pioneers', '95 years', '2,600 employees', 'revenue', 'research', 'France', 'Israel', 'information', 'Story', 'ACTIFIN', 'Attachment', '1']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2368,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/erytech-announces-publication-positive-results-200500357.html,ERYTECH Announces Publication of Positive Results from Eryaspase Phase 2 Trial in Hypersensitive ALL in the British Journal of Haematology,ERYTECH Announces Publication of Positive Results from Eryaspase Phase 2 Trial in Hypersensitive ALL in the British Journal of Haematology The study confirms...,"Erytech Pharma S.A.ERYTECH Announces Publication of Positive Results from Eryaspase Phase 2 Trial in Hypersensitive ALLin the British Journal of HaematologyThe study confirms the potential of eryaspase (GRASPA®) as an attractive treatment option for acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) patients with hypersensitivity to PEG-asparaginaseCambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  April 06  2022 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today announces the results from the NOPHO sponsored Phase 2 trial of eryaspase in ALL patients are now published in the British Journal of Haematology.The Phase 2 NOR-GRASPALL-2016 trial evaluated the safety and pharmacological profile of eryaspase in ALL patients who had previously experienced hypersensitivity reactions to pegylated asparaginase therapy. The trial was conducted by the Nordic Society of Pediatric Haematology and Oncology (NOPHO) at 21 clinical sites in the Nordic and Baltic countries of Europe and enrolled 55 patients. Primary objectives of the trial were asparaginase enzyme activity and safety. Both endpoints were met.Eryaspase demonstrated sustained asparaginase enzyme activity above the threshold of >100 U/L at trough levels 14 days after first infusion in 92.5% of patients. Eryaspase was generally well tolerated when added to chemotherapy and almost all patients were able to receive the intended courses of asparaginase (median of 5 doses per patient). Of the 55 patients  only 2 patients had severe allergic reaction and withdrew eryaspase treatment.The Principal Investigator  Dr. Birgitte Klug Albertsen  Associate Professor at Aarhus University Hospital  Denmark  commented  ""I am grateful that the editors of the British Journal of Haematology selected our study for publication. The study demonstrated that eryaspase  given as a convenient schedule every two weeks  provides a sustained asparaginase enzyme activity level above the recommended threshold for other Asparaginase treatments  few hypersensitivity reactions and is generally well tolerated in combination with chemotherapy. We conclude that eryaspase seems to be a promising treatment alternative for ALL patients with hypersensitivity to PEG-asparaginase.”Story continues“We are proud to be working with the NOPHO group in conducting this study in ALL  and hopeful that study results provide the possibility of an alternative treatment for ALL patients with hypersensitivity to PEG-asparaginase.” said Dr. Iman El-Hariry  ERYTECH’s Chief Medical Officer. “We have an ongoing dialogue with the U.S. FDA regarding a potential regulatory approval in this indication based on the NOPHO-sponsored trial.”The paper: “Asparaginase Encapsulated in Erythrocytes as Second-line Treatment in Hypersensitive Patients with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia” by Line Stensig Lynggaard  Goda Vaitkeviciene  Cecilia Langenskiöld  Anne Kristine Lehmann  Päivi M. Lähteenmäki  Kristi Lepik  Iman El Hariry  Kjeld Schmiegelow  and Birgitte Klug Albertsen  can be viewed online at https://doi.org/10.1111/bjh.18152  appearing in British Journal of Haematology  2022;00:1– 10  published by Wiley.For additional information and copies of the paper  please contact Wiley at https://wolsupport.wiley.com/s/About Acute Lymphoblastic LeukemiaAcute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a cancer of the blood and bone marrow that is the most common type of cancer in children in the US and Europe. More than 13 000 cases are diagnosed in the US and Europe each year with the majority of patients diagnosedbefore age 20. Asparaginase has been an integral component of ALL treatment for several years but is associated with treatment- limiting hypersensitivity in up to 30% of patients. Discontinuation of asparaginase therapy in ALL patients has been associated withinferior event free survival highlighting the need for additional asparaginase based treatment options.About ERYTECH and eryaspase (GRASPA®)ERYTECH is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs. ERYTECH’s primary focus is on the development of product candidates that target the altered metabolism of cancer cells by depriving them of amino acids necessary for their growth and survival.The Company’s lead product candidate  eryaspase  which consists of L-asparaginase encapsulated inside donor-derived red blood cells  targets the cancer cells’ altered asparagine and glutamine metabolism. The proof of concept of eryaspase as a cancer metabolism agent was established in different trials in acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and pancreatic cancer. An investigator sponsored Phase 2 trial (IST) evaluating the use of eryaspase in ALL patients who developed hypersensitivity reactions to pegylated asparaginase recently reported positive results  based on which the Company intends to request approval in the United States and potentially other territories. The Company is also pursuing a Phase 1 investigator-sponsored clinical trial in first-line pancreatic cancer.Eryaspase received Fast Track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer and treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) patients who have developed hypersensitivity reactions to E. coli-derived pegylated asparaginase. The FDA and the European Medicines Agency have granted eryaspase orphan drug status for the treatment of pancreatic cancer and ALL.ERYTECH produces its product candidates for treatment of patients in Europe at its GMP-approved manufacturing site in Lyon  France  and for patients in the United States at its GMP manufacturing site in Princeton  New Jersey  USA. Eryaspase is not an approved medicine.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking InformationThis press release contains forward-looking statements including  but not limited to  statements with respect to the clinical development and regulatory plans of eryaspase including the timing of a potential BLA submission to the FDA for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia  the Company’s ability to obtain regulatory approval for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who developed hypersensitivity reactions to PEG-asparaginase  the Company’s ability to extend the indication scope of eryaspase  the Company’s ability for additional funding under the OCABSA financing agreement or other financing attempts  and the Company’s anticipated cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. Therefore  actual results and timeline may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2020 Document d’Enregistrement Universel filed with the AMF on March 8  2021 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 8  2021 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law. In addition  the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated containment efforts have had a serious adverse impact on the economy  the severity and duration of which are uncertain. Government stabilization efforts will only partially mitigate the consequences. The extent and duration of the impact on the Company’s business and operations is highly uncertain  and that impact includes effects on its clinical trial operations and supply chain. Factors that will influence the impact on the Company’s business and operations include the duration and extent of the pandemic  the extent of imposed or recommended containment and mitigation measures  and the general economic consequences of the pandemic. The pandemic could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business  operations and financial results for an extended period of time.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.88,0.08,mixed,0.44,0.23,0.32,True,English,"['Eryaspase Phase 2 Trial', 'Positive Results', 'British Journal', 'ERYTECH', 'Publication', 'Hypersensitive', 'Haematology', 'Päivi M. Lähteenmäki', 'innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics', 'sustained asparaginase enzyme activity level', 'additional asparaginase based treatment options', 'high unmet medical needs', 'inferior event free survival', 'Dr. Birgitte Klug Albertsen', 'donor-derived red blood cells', 'Erytech Pharma S.A.', 'Dr. Iman El-Hariry', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'Aarhus University Hospital', 'Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia', 'Line Stensig Lynggaard', 'Cecilia Langenskiöld', 'Anne Kristine Lehmann', 'Iman El Hariry', 'proprietary ERYCAPS® platform', 'attractive treatment option', 'other Asparaginase treatments', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'severe allergic reaction', 'lead product candidate', 'promising treatment alternative', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'U.S. FDA', 'potential regulatory approval', 'treatment- limiting hypersensitivity', 'Phase 2 NOR-GRASPALL-2016 trial', 'cancer metabolism agent', 'Eryaspase Phase 2 Trial', 'innovative therapies', 'additional information', 'alternative treatment', 'Second-line Treatment', 'asparaginase therapy', 'The Company', 'cancer cells', 'severe forms', 'product candidates', 'ALL treatment', 'British Journal', 'pharmacological profile', '21 clinical sites', 'Baltic countries', 'Primary objectives', 'trough levels', 'first infusion', 'intended courses', 'Associate Professor', 'convenient schedule', 'ongoing dialogue', 'NOPHO-sponsored trial', 'Goda Vaitkeviciene', 'Kristi Lepik', 'Kjeld Schmiegelow', 'doi.org', 'bone marrow', 'common type', 'integral component', 'several years', 'orphan diseases', 'novel technology', 'primary focus', 'amino acids', 'glutamine metabolism', 'different trials', 'eryaspase treatment', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Positive Results', 'hypersensitivity reactions', 'Nordic Society', 'Principal Investigator', 'NOPHO group', 'Pediatric Haematology', 'study results', 'Hypersensitive Patients', 'ALL) patients', 'ALL patients', '>100 U', '55 patients', '2 patients', 'Publication', 'PEG-asparaginase', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'safety', 'pegylated', 'Oncology', 'Europe', 'endpoints', 'threshold', 'chemotherapy', 'median', '5 doses', 'Denmark', 'editors', 'combination', 'Story', 'possibility', 'indication', 'paper', 'Erythrocytes', 'bjh', 'Wiley', 'copies', 'wolsupport', 'children', 'More', '13,000 cases', 'majority', 'Discontinuation', 'pipeline', 'development', 'growth', 'L-asparaginase', 'asparagine', 'proof', 'concept', 'use']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2369,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220406005236/en/ESI-Group-Appoints-Florence-Barr%C3%A9-Chief-of-Staff-and-Member-of-the-Leadership-Team,ESI Group Appoints Florence Barré Chief of Staff and Member of the Leadership Team,RUNGIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: ESI Group (ISIN Code: FR0004110310  Symbol: ESI)  a global simulation and virtual prototyping software partner for the industry  appoints Florence Barré as Chief of Staff to Cristel de Rouvray  the Group's Chi…,RUNGIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:ESI Group (ISIN Code: FR0004110310  Symbol: ESI)  a global simulation and virtual prototyping software partner for the industry  appoints Florence Barré as Chief of Staff to Cristel de Rouvray  the Group's Chief Executive Officer  effective March 29th  2022. Florence joins ESI’s leadership team and will report directly to Cristel de Rouvray.In this role  Florence will coordinate cross-functional initiatives  support strategic analysis  lead communication and change  and special projects alongside Cristel de Rouvray.Florence Barré  34 years old  joined ESI Group in February 2018 as Corporate & Financial Communication Manager before being promoted last year  Change and Communications Director for the Group in which she played an important role in supporting the elaboration of ESI’s 3-year strategic plan  notably. Before joining ESI Group  Florence previously occupied several positions in different sectors  notably at Altran  covering different aspects of communication.“Over the past four years  Florence has played a key role in strengthening ESI's reputation and visibility  while supporting the group's ongoing transformation. Since I became CEO  Florence has played a key role alongside me and the other members of our leadership team. Over time we have built a relationship of trust and complementarity - a relationship I intend to leverage today by creating and offering her this role of Chief of Staff. Her role will be manifold and strategic for me  for the leadership team  and for the transformation of our company ” declares Cristel de Rouvray  CEO at ESI Group.“I am delighted to continue to evolve in this way within ESI Group. Over the years  we have developed a unique working relationship based on exchange  listening  and trust. I am honored and motivated by the opportunity I have been given today. I am convinced that together  with the entire leadership team and of course our employees  we will succeed in transforming our company so that it becomes a reference in our sector and is recognized as a great place to work ” declares Florence Barré  Chief of Staff - ESI Group.Florence holds a bachelor’s in general communication and an MBA in Communication  Media  and Events from ESG Business School in Paris.About ESI GroupFounded in 1973  ESI Group envisions a world where Industry commits to bold outcomes  addressing high stakes concerns - environmental impact  safety & comfort for consumers and workers  adaptable and sustainable business models. ESI provides reliable and customized solutions anchored on predictive physics modeling and virtual prototyping expertise to allow industries to make the right decisions at the right time  while managing their complexity. Acting principally in automotive & land transportation  aerospace  defense & naval and heavy industry  ESI is present in more than 20 countries  employs 1200 people around the world and reported 2021 sales of €136.6 million. ESI is headquartered in France and is listed on compartment B of Euronext Paris.For further information  go to www.esi-group.com.Follow ESI: LinkedIn | Facebook | Twitter | YouTube,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.8,0.18,0.02,True,English,"['ESI Group', 'Florence Barré', 'Leadership Team', 'Chief', 'Staff', 'Member', 'virtual prototyping software partner', 'virtual prototyping expertise', 'Cristel de Rouvray', 'high stakes concerns', 'predictive physics modeling', 'ESG Business School', 'sustainable business models', '3-year strategic plan', 'past four years', 'Financial Communication Manager', 'unique working relationship', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'entire leadership team', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'strategic analysis', 'Regulatory News', 'ISIN Code', 'global simulation', 'cross-functional initiatives', 'special projects', 'Communications Director', 'several positions', 'different sectors', 'different aspects', 'other members', 'great place', 'bold outcomes', 'environmental impact', 'customized solutions', 'right decisions', 'land transportation', 'compartment B', 'lead communication', 'general communication', 'important role', 'key role', 'ongoing transformation', 'right time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Florence Barré', 'heavy industry', 'ESI Group', 'RUNGIS', 'France', 'Symbol', 'Staff', 'change', 'February', 'Corporate', 'elaboration', 'Altran', 'reputation', 'visibility', 'CEO', 'trust', 'complementarity', 'company', 'way', 'listening', 'opportunity', 'course', 'employees', 'reference', 'bachelor', 'MBA', 'Media', 'Events', 'world', 'safety', 'comfort', 'consumers', 'workers', 'adaptable', 'reliable', 'industries', 'complexity', 'automotive', 'aerospace', 'defense', 'naval', '20 countries', '1200 people', '2021 sales', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'YouTube']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2370,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220406005277/en/Webhelp-Positioned-as-a-Leader-in-2022-Gartner-Magic-Quadrant-for-Customer-Service-BPO,Webhelp Positioned as a Leader in 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Customer Service BPO,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Webhelp  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) and business solutions  today announced it has been positioned by Gartner® as a Leader in the 2022 Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Service Business Process Outsourcing (CS BPO…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Webhelp  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) and business solutions  today announced it has been positioned by Gartner® as a Leader in the 2022 Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Service Business Process Outsourcing (CS BPO).1Gartner defines the customer service business process outsourcing (CS BPO) market as “the delegation of customer service business process activities to support existing and potential clients to a third-party service provider. The services provided may include digital services  assisted channel services  technology and system integration  infrastructure  software development and design  reporting and analytics  and business process management.”Webhelp believes readers will learn more about the consistency and adaptability of its global WoW operating model  impressive proprietary AI-powered Natural Language Learning Platform  as well as its strong cybersecurity and data protection credentials in this report.This recognition comes when customer experience is of critical importance to brands  with 92% of CX leaders planning to transform their operations over the next 12 months  according to research from Webhelp and Frost & Sullivan.“We are incredibly proud of this recognition from Gartner  validating our position as a global leader in customer experience "" said Olivier Duha  CEO and Co-Founder of Webhelp. ""We feel it's great to be acknowledged for our consistent quality  AI-powered technologies  and cyber security capabilities. As a business that now delivers services for over 1 300 brands across 55+ countries  we understand how important investment in these areas is for our clients.”Gartner  a company that delivers actionable  objective insight to its executive and their teams  and Gartner Magic Quadrant gives enterprise technology shoppers an unbiased assessment of how well competing providers are performing against the Gartner market view and is supplemented by validated user reviews. Providers are positioned into four quadrants: Leaders  Challengers  Visionaries  and Niche Players. BPOs were evaluated based on 15 criteria  including customer experience  market strategy  product/service  operations  and innovation.This announcement follows a series of accolades from top industry analysts  with Webhelp being recognized as the most innovative CX provider in the Frost and Sullivan 2021 Frost Radar™ report  Additionally  the Group was named as a Leader in Everest Group’s 2021 Customer Experience Management (CXM) PEAK Matrix® Assessment  for the third consecutive year.To read the 2022 Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Service Business Process Outsourcing (CS BPO)  courtesy of Webhelp  please visit webhelp.com/magic-quadrant.- END -Gartner Disclaimer:Gartner does not endorse any vendor  product or service depicted in our research publications  and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties  expressed or implied  with respect to this research  including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.Gartner and Magic Quadrant are registered trademarks of Gartner  Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved.Gartner  Magic Quadrant for Customer Service BPO  Deborah Alvord  Kathy Ross  Mark Dauigoy  Uma Challa  28th March 2022About WebhelpWebhelp designs  delivers  and optimizes unforgettable human experiences for today’s digital world – creating game-changing customer journeys. From sales to service  content moderation to credit management  Webhelp is an end-to-end partner across all B2C and B2B customer journeys. Its over 100 000 passionate employees across more than 55 countries thrive on making a difference for the world’s most exciting brands. Webhelp is currently owned by its management and Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (Euronext: GBLB)  a leading global investment holding  as of November 2019.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.3,0.31,True,English,"['2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant', 'Customer Service', 'Webhelp', 'Leader', 'BPO', 'impressive proprietary AI-powered Natural Language Learning Platform', 'Customer Service Business Process Outsourcing', 'customer service business process activities', 'consistent quality, AI-powered technologies', 'global WoW operating model', 'CXM) PEAK Matrix® Assessment', 'leading global investment holding', 'business process management', 'leading global provider', 'third-party service provider', 'Customer Service BPO', 'game-changing customer journeys', 'B2B customer journeys', 'data protection credentials', 'cyber security capabilities', 'actionable, objective insight', 'top industry analysts', 'third consecutive year', 'unforgettable human experiences', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'enterprise technology shoppers', 'innovative CX provider', '2021 Customer Experience Management', 'CS BPO) market', 'Gartner market view', '2021 Frost Radar™ report', 'Gartner Magic Quadrant', 'Gartner research publications', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business solutions', 'important investment', 'unbiased assessment', 'market strategy', 'global leader', '2022 Magic Quadrant™', 'credit management', 'system integration', 'software development', 'strong cybersecurity', 'critical importance', 'next 12 months', 'Olivier Duha', 'user reviews', 'four quadrants', 'Niche Players', 'technology users', 'highest ratings', 'other designation', 'particular purpose', 'U.S.', 'Deborah Alvord', 'Kathy Ross', 'Mark Dauigoy', 'Uma Challa', '28th March', 'content moderation', '100,000 passionate employees', 'research organization', 'potential clients', 'digital services', 'channel services', 'CX leaders', 'Frost & Sullivan', '55+ countries', 'competing providers', 'Everest Group', 'Gartner Disclaimer', 'all warranties', 'digital world', 'end partner', 'exciting brands', 'Gartner®', '55 countries', '1,300 brands', 'PARIS', 'Webhelp', 'delegation', 'existing', 'assisted', 'infrastructure', 'reporting', 'analytics', 'readers', 'consistency', 'adaptability', 'recognition', 'operations', 'position', 'CEO', 'Co-Founder', 'areas', 'company', 'executive', 'teams', 'Challengers', 'Visionaries', 'BPOs', '15 criteria', 'product/service', 'innovation', 'announcement', 'series', 'accolades', 'courtesy', 'magic-quadrant', 'vendor', 'opinions', 'statements', 'fact', 'respect', 'merchantability', 'fitness', 'trademarks', 'affiliates', 'permission', 'rights', 'today', 'sales', 'B2C', 'difference', 'Euronext', 'GBLB', 'November']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2372,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000044.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 05 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5261 £ 24.7581 Estimated MTD return 0.25 % 0.27 % Estimated YTD return -2.31 % -2.16 % Estimated ITD return 185.26 % 147.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.67 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.22 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.5349 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.8263The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '833 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2373,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000794.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 05 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5261 £ 24.7581 Estimated MTD return 0.25 % 0.27 % Estimated YTD return -2.31 % -2.16 % Estimated ITD return 185.26 % 147.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.67 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.22 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.5349 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.8263The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', '833 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2374,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/paris-blockchain-week-summit-reveals-143345442.html,Paris Blockchain Week Summit Reveals 2022 Programme and Headline Speakers,Paris  France  31st March  2022  Paris  France — 29 March 2022 — Paris Blockchain Week Summit (PBWS)  a leading international conference dedicated to...,Paris  France  31st March  2022 Paris  France — 29 March 2022 — Paris Blockchain Week Summit (PBWS)  a leading international conference dedicated to professionals in the blockchain and digital assets space  has unveiled its programme and speaker lineup for its flagship event running from 13-14 April 2022.Emmanuel Fenet   CEO of Paris Blockchain Week Summit  commented: “Since its inception in 2019  PBWS has established itself as a global meeting place for crypto enthusiasts  investors  and entrepreneurs to engage in thought-provoking discussions on the digital assets industry at large. This year  an impressive 14.1 percent of registered attendees are CEOs  with 15.7 percent coming from the U.S. With our extraordinary lineup of speakers set to take the stage at the former Paris Stock Exchange  Palais Brongniart  we look forward to bringing an exciting and engaging event to the thousands of attendees who will be joining us this year.”Expected to host more than 3 000 attendees over two days at the Palais Brongniart   PBWS 2022 will explore a range of pertinent industry topics   including crypto innovations  interoperability  the Metaverse  non-fungible tokens (NFTs)  the ‘Creator Economy’  crypto energy consumption  regulation  Web3 financial markets and much more. The event will also be segmented around four main tracks:● Tech Builders: Decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs)  governance and privacy● Open Finance: Decentralized finance (DeFi)  digital asset liquidity  crypto lending  and exchanges● Enterprise Blockchain: Enterprise innovation  the supply chain  and traceability. ● Public Policies: Regulatory developments  transparency initiatives  and anti-money laundering (AML)As a week-long event  Paris Blockchain Week will feature additional side events alongside the main summit starting on Friday  8th April. These will include a PBWS Hackathon organized by What the Hack  an NFT art exhibit hosted by Achetez de l’Art   and a B2DeFi session hosted by Stake DAO & Sia Partners  among many other activities.Story continuesPBWS will feature a distinguished speaker list headlined by Tim Draper   Founder and Managing Partner of Draper Associates   and Changpeng Zhao (CZ)  CEO of Binance . In addition  they will be joined by DFJ and the Draper Venture Network ; Cecily Mak   Chief Operating Officer at Blockdaemon ; Ryan Selkis   CEO and Co-founder of Messari ; Mara Schmiedt   Senior Manager  Business & Sales at Coinbase ; Nicolas Cary   Co-founder and Vice Chairman at Blockchain.com ;Sam Bankman-Fried   Founder and CEO of FTX ; Clarisse Hagège   CEO of DFNS ; Alex Mashinsky   Founder & CEO of Celsius ; Raj Goka l   Co-founder of Solana ; and Liat Aaronson   COO of Horizen Labs   among others.Additional speakers include Andrei Semenov   Director of Innovation – Supply Chain at CONA Services   LLC – The Coca-Cola System IT Services Company; Anthony Attia   Global Head of Primary Markets and Post Trade of Euronext ; Antoni Trenchev   Co-founder and Managing Partner of Nexo ; Charlie Meraud   CEO of Woorton ; Diran Li   Vice President of Engineering at Messari ; Frank Chaparro   Director of News and Host of The Scoop Podcast at The Block ; Lionel Chocron   Chief Product Officer of Hedera ; and Sendi Young   Managing Director of Europe at Ripple   among others.Guillaume Chatain   CFA at Coinbase and speaker at Paris Blockchain Week Summit concluded: “Coinbase is proud to be part of the growth of the crypto economy globally. PBWS is an opportunity for us to engage the European community through sharing platform innovation and how you can build your own Web3 strategy.”To get tickets for Paris Blockchain Week Summit and to find out more  visit https://pbwsummit.com/ .###Emmanuel Fenet  CEO of Paris Blockchain Week Summit  is available for interviews.About Paris Blockchain Week SummitThe third annual Paris Blockchain Week Summit (PBWS) will be held as a hybrid event on April 13-14 2022 at Palais Brongniart in Paris and online via a dedicated digital platform. First launched in April 2019  PBWS was the first international conference held in France dedicated to professionals in the blockchain and crypto-assets space. The event is organized by leading emerging technology companies and organizations: ONX-Blockchain and Woorton. Supported by some of the leading figures in tech and politics  PBWS will accelerate the growth of blockchain and digital assets in France and beyond.ContactsPR,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.71,0.25,0.04,True,English,"['Paris Blockchain Week Summit', 'Headline Speakers', '2022 Programme', 'The Coca-Cola System IT Services Company', 'third annual Paris Blockchain Week Summit', 'former Paris Stock Exchange', 'Achetez de l’Art', 'leading emerging technology companies', 'The Scoop Podcast', 'NFT art exhibit', 'Raj Goka l', 'leading international conference', 'pertinent industry topics', 'Metaverse, non-fungible tokens', 'many other activities', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Clarisse Hagège', 'Chief Product Officer', 'first international conference', 'digital asset liquidity', 'global meeting place', 'four main tracks', 'additional side events', 'digital assets industry', 'Draper Venture Network', 'dedicated digital platform', 'crypto energy consumption', 'Web3 financial markets', 'distinguished speaker list', 'digital assets space', 'Decentralized autonomous organizations', 'main summit', 'CONA Services', 'The Block', 'Enterprise Blockchain', 'Blockchain.com', 'leading figures', 'Decentralized finance', 'Global Head', 'Primary Markets', 'Web3 strategy', 'crypto-assets space', 'Tim Draper', 'Draper Associates', 'crypto enthusiasts', 'crypto innovations', 'crypto lending', 'crypto economy', 'platform innovation', 'speaker lineup', 'Emmanuel Fenet', 'provoking discussions', 'U.S.', 'extraordinary lineup', 'Palais Brongniart', 'two days', 'Creator Economy', 'Open Finance', 'supply chain', 'Public Policies', 'Regulatory developments', 'transparency initiatives', 'anti-money laundering', 'B2DeFi session', 'Stake DAO', 'Sia Partners', 'Managing Partner', 'Changpeng Zhao', 'Cecily Mak', 'Ryan Selkis', 'Mara Schmiedt', 'Senior Manager', 'Nicolas Cary', 'Vice Chairman', 'Sam Bankman-Fried', 'Alex Mashinsky', 'Liat Aaronson', 'Horizen Labs', 'Additional speakers', 'Andrei Semenov', 'Anthony Attia', 'Post Trade', 'Antoni Trenchev', 'Charlie Meraud', 'Diran Li', 'Vice President', 'Frank Chaparro', 'Lionel Chocron', 'Sendi Young', 'Guillaume Chatain', 'European community', 'Contacts PR', 'flagship event', 'engaging event', 'Enterprise innovation', 'week-long event', 'hybrid event', '31st March', '13-14 April', 'impressive 14.1 percent', 'Tech Builders', '8th April', 'registered attendees', 'Managing Director', 'PBWS Hackathon', '29 March', '15.7 percent', '3,000 attendees', 'France', 'professionals', 'programme', 'CEO', 'inception', 'investors', 'entrepreneurs', 'thought', 'stage', 'exciting', 'thousands', 'range', 'interoperability', 'NFTs', 'regulation', 'DAOs', 'governance', 'privacy', 'exchanges', 'traceability', 'AML', 'Friday', 'Story', 'Founder', 'CZ', 'Binance', 'DFJ', 'Blockdaemon', 'Messari', 'Business', 'Sales', 'Coinbase', 'FTX', 'DFNS', 'Celsius', 'Solana', 'others', 'LLC', 'Euronext', 'Nexo', 'Woorton', 'Engineering', 'News', 'Host', 'Hedera', 'Ripple', 'CFA', 'growth', 'opportunity', 'tickets', 'pbwsummit', 'interviews', 'ONX-Blockchain', 'politics', '●']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2375,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-reports-excellent-one-efficacy-162000222.html,Abivax Reports Excellent One-Year Efficacy and Safety Data of ABX464 Phase 2b Maintenance Trial in Ulcerative Colitis,* Interim analysis demonstrates best-in-class clinical remission in 55.3% of 217 ulcerative colitis (UC) patients (full analysis set) after 48 weeks of once-...,"Interim analysis demonstrates best-in-class clinical remission in 55.3% of 217 ulcerative colitis (UC) patients (full analysis set) after 48 weeks of once-daily oral 50mg ABX464Moreover  in the subgroup of patients who had at least a clinical response after the 8-week induction study (n=121)  65.3% achieved clinical remission during the first year of maintenance treatment (full analysis set)Endoscopic improvement and endoscopic remission at week 48 achieved by 61.8% and 33.6% of the patients respectively (full analysis set)Good safety and tolerability profile supports chronic use of ABX464Final preparations to launch ABX464 global pivotal phase 3 clinical program in UC ongoing  inclusion of first patients is expected in Q3 2022PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / April 6  2022 / Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing novel therapies that modulate the immune system to treat chronic inflammatory diseases  viral infections  and cancer  today reports excellent results from the Interim Analysis of its phase 2b open-label maintenance study  including 217 patients who completed the one year of once-daily oral treatment with 50mg ABX464. These data emphasize ABX464's capacity to maintain and further improve patient-outcomes over time  as well as its continued favorable safety and tolerability.Prof. William Sandborn  M.D.  University of California San Diego School of Medicine and Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer at Shoreline Biosciences  CA  said: ""The data of these patients treated for one year in this phase 2b maintenance study confirm the previous  positive observations made with ABX464 in the phase 2a. Currently  many patients stop responding or do not respond at all to available therapies. These results are encouraging as they suggest that ABX464 can induce short-term and  more importantly  maintain and even improve long-term efficacy in patients with in moderate to severe ulcerative colitis. The good safety and tolerability profile seen in the phase 2b is also very encouraging.""Story continuesProf. Bruce Sands  M.D.  M.S.  the Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor of Medicine at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai  New York City  NY  added[1]:""These maintenance data indicate that ABX464 may change the treatment paradigm for bio-naïve as well as refractory ulcerative colitis patients. ABX464 showed a solid and durable efficacy signal along with a good tolerability profile  which differentiates it from many other products on the market or in late-stage testing in UC. Beyond efficacy and safety  ABX464 also offers convenient once-daily oral administration.""Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax  said: ""We are very pleased with the results of the phase 2b maintenance study with ABX464 after the first year of continued daily treatment. 65.3% of patients with at least a clinical response at the end of induction were in clinical remission after one year  which confirms the outcome of the phase 2a study with 66.7%. These are best-in-class results  demonstrating that the unique mechanism of action of our drug-candidate can induce high rates of durable clinical remissions in patients suffering from moderate to severe ulcerative colitis. Along with the maintenance data recently reported from our phase 2a trial in rheumatoid arthritis  these results further underpin the capacity of ABX464 to effectively address a broad range of chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax will be initiating the ABX464 phase 3 program in UC soon  with a first patient to be included in Q3 2022. We want to make this potentially transformative drug-candidate available as quickly as possible to patients suffering from ulcerative colitis and possibly further chronic inflammatory indications.""ABX464 phase 2b clinical maintenance study in ulcerative colitis97.7% (217/222) of all patients who completed the phase 2b induction study  irrespective of treatments or treatment outcome during the induction phase  enrolled in the open-label maintenance study to evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy profile of ABX464 for up to two years.The interim analysis after one year of treatment from the phase 2b open-label extension study in UC included all 217 patients who enrolled into the maintenance study with ABX464.At week 48Full analysis setn=217(Non-responder imputation)Clinical remission[2]n= 120 (55.3%)Endoscopic improvement[3]n=134 (61.8%)Endoscopic remission[4]n= 73 (33.6%)Clinical response[5]n=175 (80.6%)Maintained clinical remission at week 48n=38/52 (73.1%)* Drop-outs (33 patients) were considered as treatment failures in the full analysis set.Main efficacy endpoints according to clinical response status at end of the induction (week 8):At week 48Patients with clinical response after inductionn=121Patients without clinical response after inductionn=96Clinical remissionn=79 (65.3%)n=41 (42.7%)Endoscopic improvementn=85 (70.2%)n=49 (51.0%)Endoscopic remissionn=46 (38.0%)n=26 (27.1%)Among the 217 patients who completed the first year of 50mg once-daily oral dosing with ABX464  52 had entered the maintenance study already in clinical remission. 38 (73.1%) out of these 52 patients stayed in clinical remission during this first year of maintenance treatment. It is remarkable that 82/165 (49.7%) patients who were not in clinical remission at the end of induction achieved a de novo clinical remission during the first year of maintenance.Furthermore  the clinical remission rate for patients who did not show at least a clinical response at the end of the induction phase was 42.7% (full analysis set) after 48 weeks of treatment  demonstrating that long-term administration of ABX464 provided substantial clinical benefits also for these patients.33/217 (15.2%) of patients dropped out during the first 48 weeks of the phase 2b maintenance study. Worsening of UC was the primary cause of premature study discontinuation (10 patients - 30%). These patients were all considered as treatment failures in the full analysis set.During the induction and the maintenance phases of the phase 2b study  ABX464 continued to show a good safety and tolerability profile  confirming the data already generated in over 1 000 patients and volunteers treated with ABX464 so far.[6]254 patients with moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis were enrolled into the phase 2b clinical study and dosed within three once-daily oral ABX464 treatment groups (25mg  50mg and 100mg) or placebo. 50% of these patients had inadequate response  loss of response  or intolerance to biologics and/or JAK inhibitor treatments while the other 50% were refractory to conventional treatments. Endoscopies were read centrally and blinded by independent reviewers. The baseline disease characteristics were well balanced across all ABX464 dose groups and the placebo group. Enrolled patients suffered from longstanding UC with an overall mean disease duration of 8.05 years and 71.4% of the patients showed a severe disease profile (baseline modified Mayo Score of 7 to 9 points).Impact of the war in Ukraine on Abivax's phase 2b clinical studyThe ABX464 phase 2b maintenance study in moderate to severe UC patients is the only trial currently conducted by Abivax on Ukrainian territory. The evaluation after 12 months of treatment had already been conducted for all Ukrainian patients prior to the outbreak of the war and are taken into account in the one-year results presented in this press release.ABX464 phase 1 clinical studiesAbivax conducts four phase 1 studies with ABX464 in healthy volunteers  as part of the usual practice during late-stage clinical drug development.The patient enrollment has been completed in all studies and the data analysis is progressing according to plan.The currently available preliminary results are all supportive in advancing ABX464 into the pivotal phase 3 program.ABX464 global pivotal phase 3 clinical program in ulcerative colitisIn December 2021 and January 2022 respectively  the US regulatory agency (FDA) as well as the European Medicines Agency (EMA) expressed their support in moving ABX464 into a pivotal phase 3 program in moderate to severe UC. The agencies raised no concerns regarding clinical safety  non-clinical safety  or CMC.Both the FDA and EMA agreed with Abivax that progressing 25mg and 50mg (as the highest dose) into phase 3 testing is appropriate for both induction and the subsequent maintenance studies in UC. The agencies were supportive of Abivax's intention to drop the 100mg dose  as no additional therapeutic benefit could be observed with this higher dose.Abivax is working with IQVIA  a global premier CRO  to jointly set-up and conduct these studies across Europe  the US  Japan and other global geographies. Given the current developments  Abivax decided that Ukraine  Russia and Belarus cannot be part of the ABX464 global phase 3 study program in UC.Currently  more than 400 study sites  out of the targeted 600 sites  already confirmed their participation in the phase 3 trial and the enrollment of the first patient is planned for Q3 2022.Acquisition of Prosynergia SARLAbivax announces that it acquired on April 1  2022  Prosynergia SARL  a Luxembourg biotech company  in order to strengthen the Abivax development portfolio  for an amount of EUR 3.25M. The terms of the transaction also include possible earn-out payments for a maximum additional amount of EUR 4M based on the potential evolution of Abivax's market capitalization.About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax  a clinical stage biotechnology company  is developing novel therapies that modulate the body's natural immune machinery to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  viral infections  and cancer. Abivax is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 - Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax has two drug candidates in clinical development  ABX464 to treat severe inflammatory diseases  and ABX196 to treat hepatocellular carcinoma. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although the Company believes that its forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that have been deemed reasonable  such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel). Special consideration should be given to the potential hurtles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and ethics committees of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC  clinical data  Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law.This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.[1] Prof. Bruce Sands is a paid consultant for Abivax. He has not been compensated for any media work.[2] Clinical remission (per Modified Mayo Score) is defined as stool frequency subscore (SFS) <=1  rectal bleeding subscore (RBS) of 0 and endoscopic subscore <=1.[3] Endoscopic improvement is defined as endoscopic subscore <=1.[4] Endoscopic remission is defined as endoscopic subscore = 0.[5] Clinical response (per Modified Mayo Score) is defined as a decrease from baseline in the Modified Mayo Score >=2 points and >=30% from baseline  plus a decrease in RBS >=1 or an absolute RBS <=1.[6] S. Vermeire et al.: Induction and long-term follow-up with ABX464 for moderate-to-severe ulcerative colitis: Results of phase 2a trial  Gastroenterology  March 2021SOURCE: ABIVAXView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/696380/Abivax-Reports-Excellent-One-Year-Efficacy-and-Safety-Data-of-ABX464-Phase-2b-Maintenance-Trial-in-Ulcerative-Colitis",positive,0.82,0.16,0.02,mixed,0.67,0.12,0.21,True,English,"['ABX464 Phase 2b Maintenance Trial', 'Excellent One-Year Efficacy', 'Safety Data', 'Ulcerative Colitis', 'Abivax', 'Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor', 'ABX464 global pivotal phase 3 clinical program', 'phase 2b open-label extension study', 'ABX464 phase 2b clinical maintenance study', 'phase 2b open-label maintenance study', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'California San Diego School', 'phase 2b maintenance study', 'phase 2b induction study', 'refractory ulcerative colitis patients', 'phase 2a study', 'ABX464 phase 3 program', 'Prof. William Sandborn', 'Prof. Bruce Sands', 'phase 2a trial', '217 ulcerative colitis (UC) patients', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'previous, positive observations', 'severe ulcerative colitis', 'New York City', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'chronic inflammatory indications', 'durable clinical remissions', '8-week induction study', 'many other products', 'durable efficacy signal', 'Main efficacy endpoints', 'clinical response status', 'Full analysis set', 'good tolerability profile', 'induction phase', 'maintenance treatment', 'Icahn School', 'chronic use', 'maintenance data', 'efficacy profile', 'Interim analysis', 'long-term efficacy', 'Good safety', 'first year', 'Endoscopic improvement', 'endoscopic remission', 'Final preparations', 'novel therapies', 'immune system', 'viral infections', 'one year', 'M.D.', 'Shoreline Biosciences', 'available therapies', 'moderate to', 'M.S.', 'Mount Sinai', 'bio-naïve', 'late-stage testing', 'convenient once', 'oral administration', 'unique mechanism', 'high rates', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'broad range', 'first patient', 'two years', 'Non-responder imputation', 'many patients', 'oral treatment', 'treatment paradigm', 'daily treatment', 'treatment failures', 'favorable safety', 'long-term safety', 'Euronext Paris', 'transformative drug-candidate', 'excellent results', 'treatment outcome', 'Abivax SA', '50mg ABX46', 'class results', '217 patients', '33 patients', '48 weeks', 'subgroup', 'ongoing', 'inclusion', 'Q3', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ABVX', 'cancer', 'capacity', 'patient-outcomes', 'time', 'University', 'Medicine', 'Founder', 'short-term', 'Story', 'solid', 'market', 'CEO', 'action', 'treatments', 'Drop-outs']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2376,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220406005312/en/Dalata-Hotel-Group-Drives-Further-UK-Expansion-With-Opening-of-%C2%A350-Million-Hotel-in-Bristol,Dalata Hotel Group Drives Further UK Expansion With Opening of £50 Million Hotel in Bristol,BRISTOL  England--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dalata Hotel Group Plc (“Dalata” or “the Group”)  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  growing rapidly in the UK with a presence in continental Europe  today officially opens the Group’s first hotel in Bristol. Clayton Hot…,BRISTOL  England--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dalata Hotel Group Plc (“Dalata” or “the Group”)  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  growing rapidly in the UK with a presence in continental Europe  today officially opens the Group’s first hotel in Bristol. Clayton Hotel Bristol City is ideally located in the centre of Bristol city and marks the Group’s 17th hotel in the United Kingdom (“UK”). The Group currently operates eleven Clayton hotels and six Maldron hotels across the UK.UK expansion in full flow2022 is a significant year for Dalata’s UK growth plan with the opening of four new hotels  making it one of the fastest growing hotel groups in the UK this year. In addition to Clayton Hotel Bristol City  the first quarter saw the opening of both a Clayton and a Maldron hotel in Manchester and later this year will see the opening of a Clayton hotel in Glasgow.Post 2022  Dalata has a further pipeline of new hotel openings across the UK  which includes hotels in London  Brighton  Liverpool and Manchester. The Group’s current growth plans will see Dalata increase its UK footprint by 65% between the start of 2022 and 2024  bringing its UK room total to over 5 000 rooms.Dalata is an award-winning employer  providing direct employment to more than 1 200 people across the region. The Group’s ambitious UK expansion plan will see it employ just under 1 400 people by 2024.Clayton Hotel Bristol CityAdding 80 jobs locally  the new 4-star hotel is close to Bristol’s commercial centre and within walking distance of the main shopping and leisure districts. The hotel boasts 255 air-conditioned bedrooms  a bar  restaurant  gym  and extensive conference facilities. The new hotel represents a £50 million investment  converting the former Edward Everard's Printing Works on Broad Street in Bristol’s city centre. The hotel’s main entrance is framed by the historical Art Nouveau façade  dating back to the 1900’s  which pays tribute to printing and literature greats Johannes Gutenberg and William Morris.The decision to refurbish the existing building  rather than demolish and build anew is estimated to have saved 2 084 tonnes of CO2 emissions. These carbon savings are equivalent to the CO2 emitted in powering 264 homes in one year.Bristol is the eighth most visited town or city in the UK  by international visitors. It is an attractive destination for both business travellers and tourists and welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors in 20191. It has a vibrant and fast-growing economy with burgeoning engineering  aerospace  fintech  digital and creative sectors and was recently named the most innovative UK city outside of London2.Commenting on the opening  Dermot Crowley  CEO of Dalata Hotel Group said:“The opening of the Clayton Hotel Bristol City is a further demonstration of our Group’s ambition to grow our presence in the UK market. It is a fabulous property in one of the UK’s most popular destination cities. We are confident of the continued recovery in the hospitality sector and look forward to investing in other targeted UK locations throughout 2022 and beyond.Our greatest asset continues to be our engaged people  in Ireland  the UK and Germany  and we are proud that we are generating significant new employment in the market. This will be the 17th hotel operated by Dalata in the UK  and our pipeline includes hotels in London  Brighton  Liverpool  Glasgow and Manchester. This is definitely a time to look forward.”Shane Casserly  Corporate Development Director of Dalata Hotel Group added:“Today’s opening of the Clayton Hotel Bristol City is another significant milestone in our growth story and demonstrates the strength of the partnerships we have across the UK. I am encouraged by the opportunity that remains across the region  which is a key focus for our team.We were delighted to work with our valued partners  Artisan Real Estate Investors  Abrdn plc and McAleer & Rushe Construction on this development  which will be a flagship property in the heart of Bristol city centre.”Dalata’s UK FootprintUK Hotel Portfolio Hotels Rooms Clayton Hotel Manchester Airport 365 Clayton Hotel Leeds 334 Clayton Hotel Manchester City Centre 329 Maldron Hotel Glasgow City 300 Maldron Hotel Manchester City Centre 278 Maldron Hotel Newcastle 265 Clayton Hotel Bristol City 255 Maldron Hotel Belfast City 237 Clayton Hotel Chiswick  London 227 Clayton Hotel Birmingham 218 Clayton Hotel Cardiff  Wales 216 Clayton Hotel City of London 212 Clayton Hotel Belfast 170 Clayton Hotel Cambridge 160 Clayton Crown Hotel  London 152 Maldron Hotel Belfast International Airport 104 Maldron Hotel Derry 93 Total Rooms in the UK 3 915UK Hotel Pipeline Hotels Rooms Clayton Hotel Glasgow City 303 Maldron Hotel Liverpool City 260 Maldron Hotel Brighton 221 Maldron Hotel Cathedral Quarter  Manchester 188 Maldron Hotel Shoreditch  London 149 Extension to Clayton Hotel City of London 14 Total UK Pipeline of Rooms 1 135-ENDS-About DalataDalata Hotel Group plc was founded in August 2007 and listed as a plc in March 2014. Dalata is Ireland’s largest hotel operator  with a growing presence in the UK and continental Europe. The Group's portfolio comprises 48 predominately four-star hotels with 10 459 rooms and a pipeline of over 1 770 rooms. The Group currently has 29 owned hotels  16 leased hotels and three management contracts. Dalata successfully operate Ireland’s two largest hotel brands  the Clayton and the Maldron Hotels. For the year ended 31 December 2021  Dalata reported revenue of €192.0 million and a loss after tax of €6.3 million. Dalata is listed on the Main Market of Euronext Dublin (DHG) and the London Stock Exchange (DAL). For further information visit: www.dalatahotelgroup.com1 https://www.visitwest.co.uk/about-the-regional-visitor-economy/research2 https://www.paymentsense.com/uk/blog/most-innovative-cities/,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,mixed,0.77,0.17,0.06,True,English,"['Further UK Expansion', 'Dalata Hotel Group', '£50 Million Hotel', 'Opening', 'Bristol', '329 Maldron Hotel Glasgow City 300 Maldron Hotel Manchester City Centre', 'Clayton Hotel Leeds 334 Clayton Hotel Manchester City Centre', '255 Maldron Hotel Belfast City 237 Clayton Hotel Chiswick', 'historical Art Nouveau façade', '303 Maldron Hotel Liverpool City 260 Maldron Hotel', '152 Maldron Hotel Belfast International Airport', 'UK Hotel Portfolio Hotels Rooms', 'Artisan Real Estate Investors', 'Clayton Hotel Glasgow City', 'fastest growing hotel groups', '221 Maldron Hotel Cathedral Quarter', 'Clayton Hotel Manchester Airport', 'Clayton Hotel Bristol City', 'UK Hotel Pipeline Hotels Rooms', 'other targeted UK locations', '212 Clayton Hotel Belfast', 'ambitious UK expansion plan', '216 Clayton Hotel City', '278 Maldron Hotel Newcastle', '104 Maldron Hotel Derry', '188 Maldron Hotel Shoreditch', 'Bristol city centre', 'six Maldron hotels', '160 Clayton Crown Hotel', '227 Clayton Hotel Birmingham', '218 Clayton Hotel Cardiff', '170 Clayton Hotel Cambridge', 'Dalata Hotel Group Plc', 'largest hotel operator', 'eleven Clayton hotels', 'new hotel openings', 'new 4-star hotel', 'extensive conference facilities', 'former Edward Everard', 'four new hotels', 'current growth plans', 'popular destination cities', 'UK growth plan', 'Corporate Development Director', 'UK room total', 'significant new employment', 'Total UK Pipeline', 'UK city', 'commercial centre', 'first hotel', '17th hotel', 'international visitors', '93 Total Rooms', 'first quarter', 'Abrdn plc', 'growth story', 'direct employment', 'attractive destination', 'significant milestone', 'The Group', 'UK footprint', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'continental Europe', 'United Kingdom', 'full flow', 'significant year', 'award-winning employer', 'walking distance', 'main shopping', 'leisure districts', '255 air-conditioned bedrooms', '£50 million investment', 'Broad Street', 'main entrance', 'literature greats', 'Johannes Gutenberg', 'William Morris', 'existing building', 'carbon savings', 'business travellers', '2.5 million visitors', 'fast-growing economy', 'burgeoning engineering', 'creative sectors', 'Dermot Crowley', 'fabulous property', 'continued recovery', 'hospitality sector', 'greatest asset', 'Shane Casserly', 'key focus', 'valued partners', 'Rushe Construction', 'flagship property', 'one year', 'UK market', 'Printing Works', 'CO2 emissions', '5,000 rooms', 'Ireland', 'presence', 'addition', 'London', 'Brighton', 'start', '1,200 people', 'region', '1,400 people', '80 jobs', 'bar', 'restaurant', 'gym', 'tribute', 'decision', '2,084 tonnes', '264 homes', 'town', 'tourists', 'vibrant', 'aerospace', 'fintech', 'digital', 'CEO', 'demonstration', 'ambition', 'Germany', 'time', 'strength', 'partnerships', 'opportunity', 'team', 'McAleer', 'heart', 'Wales', 'Extension', 'ENDS', 'August', 'March', '2022']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2377,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/evolution-atos-board-directors-proposed-063000007.html,Evolution of the Atos Board of Directors proposed at the 2022 General Meeting,Evolution of the Atos Board of Directors proposed at the 2022 General Meeting The announced proposals strengthen the diversity of skills within the Board of ...,"Atos InternationalEvolution of the Atos Board of Directors proposed at the 2022 General MeetingThe announced proposals strengthen the diversity of skills within the Board of Directors in order to support the transformation of the GroupParis  April 6  2022 – The Board of Directors  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Governance Committee  has approved the following changes in its composition:Approval of the appointment of Rodolphe Belmer as Director and renewal of this mandateThe approval of the appointment as Director of Mr. Rodolphe Belmer  Chief Executive Officer of Atos since January 1  2022  and the renewal of his term of office as Director  will be submitted to the vote of the shareholders at the General Meeting on May 18  2022.Renewal of the mandates of Valérie Bernis and Vernon SankeyMs. Valérie Bernis has been an independent Director since April 2015. She is also Chair of the CSR Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.Mr. Vernon Sankey has been a Director since October 2009.Appointments of Elizabeth Tinkham  Astrid Stange and René ProglioThe appointments of Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham  Ms. Astrid Stange and Mr. René Proglio as independent Directors will be submitted to the vote of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on May 18  2022.Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham  of American nationality  is a former Senior Managing Director at Accenture. She would bring her extensive experience in the cloud business and her in-depth knowledge of hyperscalers to the Atos Board of Directors.Ms. Astrid Stange  of German nationality  is the former Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the AXA group and a former Senior Partner and Managing Director of the Boston Consulting Group (BCG). She would bring her operational experience of large-scale digital and operational transformations on the client side and her intimate knowledge of the financial and insurance sector to the Atos Board of Directors.Mr. René Proglio  of French nationality  is a partner at PJT Partners  former Head of Morgan Stanley in France and Partner for 20 years at Arthur Andersen. He would bring his extensive financial and accounting knowledge as well as his strategic vision in terms of acquisitions and disposals to the Atos Board of Directors.Story continuesNon-renewal of the mandates of Colette Neuville and Jean FlemingMs. Colette Neuville  Director of Atos since April 2010  and Ms. Jean Fleming  Director of Atos representing employee shareholders since May 2009  did not wish to submit their mandates for renewal at the upcoming Annual General Meeting.Candidates to represent employee shareholdersAs a consequence of the non-renewal of Ms. Jean Fleming's mandate  two employee candidates  Mr. Christian Beer and Ms. Katrina Hopkins  will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting to represent employee shareholders. Mr. Christian Beer is Head of Business Partner Service in Network and Communication Practice at Atos in Germany  and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Atos FCPE. Ms. Katrina Hopkins is Group Head of Talent  Career and Learning at Atos International.The Board of Directors  on the advice of the Nomination and Governance Committee  recommends to Atos shareholders the candidacy of Ms. Katrina Hopkins  taking in particular into account her dual legitimacy to represent the employee shareholders of Atos. Ms. Katrina Hopkins was nominated by both the Supervisory Board of the Atos FCPE and by the employee shareholders who directly hold their shares.The candidate who receives the highest number of votes from the shareholders present or represented at the Annual General Meeting on May 18  2022  will be appointed as the Director representing employee shareholders.Resignation of Cedrik NeikeIn addition  Mr. Cedrik Neike  Member of the Managing Board of Siemens AG and CEO of Digital Industries  a non-independent Director since January 2020  has submitted his resignation to the Board of Directors with effect after the next Annual General Meeting.The strategic partnership between Atos and Siemens remains fully in force. As a reminder  this partnership was strengthened and renewed in September 2020 for 5 years through agreements signed by Atos SE with Siemens AG  Siemens Energy AG and Siemens Healthineers AG. The implementation of these agreements enables Siemens to accelerate in the areas of service modernization and digitalization  data-centric digital  cloud transformation and cybersecurity. Siemens and Atos also announced the extension of their Global Alliance beyond technology cooperation to bring their joint digital solutions together to the market.Bertrand Meunier  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Atos SE  Chairman of the Nomination and Governance Committee  declared:""I am pleased to submit the appointments of Elizabeth Tinkham  Astrid Stange and René Proglio  as well as the reappointments of Rodolphe Belmer  Valérie Bernis and Vernon Sankey  to the vote at the next Annual General Meeting. Collectively  they represent the skills and expertise needed to put Atos back on the path of growth and performance expected by all our stakeholders.”Mr. Meunier added: ""On behalf of the entire Board of Directors  I would like to thank Colette Neuville and Jean Fleming for their long-standing commitment to Atos and their important contribution to key stages of the Group's transformation. I would also like to thank Cedrik Neike for his active and significant participation in the definition of the new Atos strategy with Rodolphe Belmer and the rest of the Board of Directors"".The notice of meeting (avis de réunion) concerning the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 18  2022  containing the agenda  the draft resolutions as well as the rules for participation and voting  was published on April 6  2022  in the Official Legal Gazette (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires  BALO) and is available on the Company’s website (https://atos.net/en/investors/annual-general-meeting).About Elizabeth TinkhamElizabeth Tinkham  of American nationality  is a dynamic leader and a respected advisor to business leaders on technology  digital transformation and management issues.Ms. Tinkham was a Senior Managing Director and member of the Global Executive Committee at Accenture PLC  where she held a variety of client facing and executive positions. She was the global account lead for Microsoft  responsible for driving account growth as well as the technology partnership between Microsoft and Accenture. Prior to heading the Microsoft account  Ms. Tinkham led Accenture’s Global and North American Management Consulting practice for the Communications  Media and Technology (CMT) verticals. Her responsibilities included revenue growth  M&A activity and chairing the CMT Investment Board.Ms. Tinkham now advises innovative  growth-focused companies on the challenges and opportunities inherent to shifting to digital technologies. She sits on the board of directors of Particle.io  a San Francisco start-up specializing in the Internet of Things; Headspin  a mobile application testing platform; and Athena Alliance  a digital platform for executive education  networking and placement for top women in business. She also advises the state of Washington on educational and equity issues through her role as chairman of Washington Stem  a non-profit organization.Ms. Tinkham teaches classes in management consulting and in nonprofit board management at the University of Washington’s Foster School of Business. She is the recipient of the Gamble Teaching Award for Innovation in Teaching.Ms. Tinkham graduated from Ohio State University with a degree in aeronautical and astronautical engineering. She serves on the Dean’s Advisory Board in the College of Engineering and is a winner of a Distinguished Alumni Award.About Astrid StangeAstrid Stange  of German nationality  is the former Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the AXA group and a former Senior Partner and Managing Director of the Boston Consulting Group (BCG). She has always been at the forefront of leading large and complex technology-enabled transformations  both in consulting and executive roles.Ms. Stange started her executive career at Bertelsmann Buch AG as head of direct marketing in 1995. She became Senior Partner and Managing Director of the Boston Consulting Group where she started in 1998 as a member of the Global Insurance Practice. From 2008 to 2013  she led BCG’s Insurance Practice in Germany and then became Global Sector Leader for Life Insurance. Ms. Astrid Stange joined AXA in 2014 as member of the Executive Board of AXA Konzern AG (Germany)  in charge of strategy  human resources  organization and client management. In December 2017  Ms. Stange was appointed Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the AXA Group and member of the Management Committee of AXA SA. As COO  she led a major transformation of the company regarding technology and data. In 2018  she also took the operational responsibility for the newly built unit AXA Group Operations which delivers infrastructure and application services  cyber security  emerging technologies  but also BPO and procurement services to AXA Group.Ms. Stange left AXA in October 2021. She has since decided to take on advisory mandates and also supports company founders (Insurtech  NGO) as a strategy advisor.Ms. Stange studied economics at the Ruhr University in Bochum. In 1993  she obtained a doctorate from the Department of Economics of the Technische Universität Braunschweig.About René ProglioRené Proglio  of French nationality  is a partner in the Strategic Advisory Group of PJT Partners. With more than 30 years of experience in the French mergers and acquisitions market  Mr. Proglio brings a strategic vision as well as leading financial expertise to companies.Mr. Proglio joined PJT Partners in September 2021. He was previously at Morgan Stanley  where he served as Vice President and Head of the French market. Mr. Proglio joined Morgan Stanley in 2003 as a Managing Director in the Investment Banking group and led the advisory business in Paris before taking overall responsibility for the French business.He began his career at Arthur Andersen in the Audit and Consulting groups  where he served as a partner for 20 years and held various management positions.Mr. Proglio is a graduate of French business school HEC and holds a Chartered Accountant Diploma.About Katrina HopkinsKatrina Hopkins is Vice President of Atos and Group Head of Talent  Career and Learning at Atos International. Ms. Hopkins is a Human Resources Manager with over 20 years of experience.She has been with Atos since 2011 and joined the Group as part of Atos' acquisition of Siemens IT Solutions & Services. She has held various roles within the Human Resources Department  both regionally and globally  and is currently responsible for Talent Development  Performance and Learning within the Atos Group.Ms. Hopkins holds a BSc (with Honors)  in Psychology and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development.About Christian BeerChristian Beer is Head of Business Partner Service in Network and Communication Practice at Atos in Germany. Mr. Beer has 25 years of experience in diverse management positions in several companies in the digital industry and joined Atos in 2004.Mr. Beer has been a member of the Supervisory Board of Atos FCPE since 2020 and has chaired it since November 2021. He is also a Senior Expert within the Atos Expert Community since its founding in 2017.Mr. Beer is a graduate engineer from the University of Applied Sciences in Nuremberg and holds a business management certificate from the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg.###About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 109 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is an SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Contacts:Investor Relations: Thomas Guillois – thomas.guillois@atos.net - +33 6 21 34 36 62Media: Anette Rey – anette.rey@atos.net - +33 6 69 79 84 88 - @AnetteReyAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.4,0.31,0.29,True,English,"['Atos Board', '2022 General Meeting', 'Evolution', 'Directors', 'former Chief Operating Officer', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Ms. Valérie Bernis', 'former Senior Managing Director', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Ms. Katrina Hopkins', 'Mr. Christian Beer', 'former Senior Partner', 'Ms. Jean Fleming', 'joint digital solutions', 'Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham', 'Ms. Astrid Stange', 'Ms. Colette Neuville', 'Mr. René Proglio', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'Mr. Cedrik Neike', 'Mr. Rodolphe Belmer', 'Mr. Vernon Sankey', 'Siemens Energy AG', 'Siemens Healthineers AG', 'two employee candidates', 'Business Partner Service', '2022 General Meeting', 'former Head', 'cloud business', 'service modernization', 'Siemens AG', 'large-scale digital', 'Managing Board', 'Digital Industries', 'data-centric digital', 'Governance Committee', 'following changes', 'CSR Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'American nationality', 'extensive experience', 'depth knowledge', 'German nationality', 'AXA group', 'operational experience', 'operational transformations', 'client side', 'intimate knowledge', 'insurance sector', 'French nationality', 'PJT Partners', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Arthur Andersen', 'accounting knowledge', 'strategic vision', 'Communication Practice', 'dual legitimacy', 'highest number', 'Global Alliance', 'technology cooperation', 'Bertrand Meunier', 'employee shareholders', 'Group Head', 'Supervisory Board', 'Atos International', 'Atos FCPE', 'Atos SE', 'independent Director', 'extensive financial', 'strategic partnership', 'cloud transformation', 'Atos shareholders', 'Atos Board', 'Directors', 'Evolution', 'proposals', 'diversity', 'skills', 'order', 'Paris', 'April', 'The', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'composition', 'Approval', 'appointment', 'renewal', 'mandate', 'January', 'term', 'vote', 'May', 'Chair', 'member', 'October', 'Accenture', 'hyperscalers', 'BCG', 'France', '20 years', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Story', 'consequence', 'Network', 'Germany', 'Career', 'Learning', 'advice', 'candidacy', 'shares', 'Resignation', 'addition', 'CEO', 'effect', 'force', 'reminder', 'September', '5 years', 'agreements', 'implementation', 'areas', 'digitalization', 'cybersecurity', 'extension', 'market', 'expertise', 'path', 'growth', 'performan']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2378,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109813.html,Dalata Hotel Group drives further UK expansion with opening of £50 million hotel in Bristol,Dalata Hotel Group Plc (“Dalata” or “the Group”)  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  growing rapidly in the UK with a presence in continental Europe  today officially opens the Group’s first hotel in Bristol. Clayton Hotel Bristol City is ideally located …,"Bristol -- Dalata Hotel Group Plc (“Dalata” or “the Group”)  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  growing rapidly in the UK with a presence in continental Europe  today officially opens the Group’s first hotel in Bristol. Clayton Hotel Bristol City is ideally located in the centre of Bristol city and marks the Group’s 17th hotel in the United Kingdom (“UK”). The Group currently operates eleven Clayton hotels and six Maldron hotels across the UK.UK expansion in full flow2022 is a significant year for Dalata’s UK growth plan with the opening of four new hotels  making it one of the fastest growing hotel groups in the UK this year. In addition to Clayton Hotel Bristol City  the first quarter saw the opening of both a Clayton and a Maldron hotel in Manchester and later this year will see the opening of a Clayton hotel in Glasgow.Post 2022  Dalata has a further pipeline of new hotel openings across the UK  which includes hotels in London  Brighton  Liverpool and Manchester. The Group’s current growth plans will see Dalata increase its UK footprint by 65% between the start of 2022 and 2024  bringing its UK room total to over 5 000 rooms.Dalata is an award-winning employer  providing direct employment to more than 1 200 people across the region. The Group’s ambitious UK expansion plan will see it employ just under 1 400 people by 2024.Clayton Hotel Bristol CityAdding 80 jobs locally  the new 4-star hotel is close to Bristol’s commercial centre and within walking distance of the main shopping and leisure districts. The hotel boasts 255 air-conditioned bedrooms  a bar  restaurant  gym  and extensive conference facilities. The new hotel represents a £50 million investment  converting the former Edward Everard's Printing Works on Broad Street in Bristol’s city centre. The hotel’s main entrance is framed by the historical Art Nouveau façade  dating back to the 1900’s  which pays tribute to printing and literature greats Johannes Gutenberg and William Morris.The decision to refurbish the existing building  rather than demolish and build anew is estimated to have saved 2 084 tonnes of CO2 emissions. These carbon savings are equivalent to the CO2 emitted in powering 264 homes in one year.Bristol is the eighth most visited town or city in the UK  by international visitors. It is an attractive destination for both business travellers and tourists and welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors in 2019. It has a vibrant and fast-growing economy with burgeoning engineering  aerospace  fintech  digital and creative sectors and was recently named the most innovative UK city outside of London.Commenting on the opening  Dermot Crowley  CEO of Dalata Hotel Group said:“The opening of the Clayton Hotel Bristol City is a further demonstration of our Group’s ambition to grow our presence in the UK market. It is a fabulous property in one of the UK’s most popular destination cities. We are confident of the continued recovery in the hospitality sector and look forward to investing in other targeted UK locations throughout 2022 and beyond.Our greatest asset continues to be our engaged people  in Ireland  the UK and Germany  and we are proud that we are generating significant new employment in the market. This will be the 17th hotel operated by Dalata in the UK  and our pipeline includes hotels in London  Brighton  Liverpool  Glasgow and Manchester. This is definitely a time to look forward.”Shane Casserly  Corporate Development Director of Dalata Hotel Group added:“Today’s opening of the Clayton Hotel Bristol City is another significant milestone in our growth story and demonstrates the strength of the partnerships we have across the UK. I am encouraged by the opportunity that remains across the region  which is a key focus for our team.We were delighted to work with our valued partners  Artisan Real Estate Investors  Abrdn and McAleer & Rushe Construction on this development  which will be a flagship property in the heart of Bristol City Centre.”Dalata’s UK FootprintUK Hotel Portfolio (Hotels - Rooms)Clayton Hotel Manchester Airport - 365Clayton Hotel Leeds - 334Clayton Hotel Manchester City Centre - 329Maldron Hotel Glasgow City - 300Maldron Hotel Manchester City Centre - 278Maldron Hotel Newcastle - 265Clayton Hotel Bristol City - 255Maldron Hotel Belfast City - 237Clayton Hotel Chiswick  London - 227Clayton Hotel Birmingham - 218Clayton Hotel Cardiff  Wales - 216Clayton Hotel City of London - 212Clayton Hotel Belfast - 170Clayton Hotel Cambridge - 160Clayton Crown Hotel  London - 152Maldron Hotel Belfast International Airport - 104Maldron Hotel Derry - 93Total Rooms in the UK: 3 915UK Pipeline (Hotels - Rooms)Clayton Hotel Glasgow City - 303Maldron Hotel Liverpool City - 260Maldron Hotel Brighton - 221Maldron Hotel Cathedral Quarter  Manchester - 188Maldron Hotel Shoreditch  London - 149Extension to Clayton Hotel City of London - 14Total UK Pipeline Rooms: 1 135About DalataDalata Hotel Group plc was founded in August 2007 and listed as a plc in March 2014. Dalata is Ireland""s largest hotel operator  with a growing presence in the UK and continental Europe. The Group's portfolio comprises 48 predominately four-star hotels with 10 459 rooms and a pipeline of over 1 770 rooms. The Group currently has 29 owned hotels  16 leased hotels and three management contracts. Dalata successfully operate Ireland""s two largest hotel brands  the Clayton and the Maldron Hotels. For the year ended 31 December 2021  Dalata reported revenue of €192.0 million and a loss after tax of €6.3 million. Dalata is listed on the Main Market of Euronext Dublin (DHG) and the London Stock Exchange (DAL). For further information visit: www.dalatahotelgroup.com",neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,mixed,0.77,0.17,0.06,True,English,"['Dalata Hotel Group', '£50 million hotel', 'UK expansion', 'opening', 'Bristol', 'historical Art Nouveau façade', 'Maldron Hotel Belfast International Airport', 'Artisan Real Estate Investors', 'Maldron Hotel Manchester City Centre', 'Clayton Hotel Manchester City Centre', 'fastest growing hotel groups', 'Maldron Hotel Belfast City', 'other targeted UK locations', 'Maldron Hotel Cathedral Quarter', 'Clayton Hotel Manchester Airport', 'Maldron Hotel Glasgow City', 'Clayton Hotel Bristol City', 'Clayton Hotel Glasgow City', 'ambitious UK expansion plan', 'Maldron Hotel Liverpool City', 'Clayton Hotel Belfast', 'Dalata Hotel Group Plc', 'Clayton Hotel City', 'Maldron Hotel Newcastle', 'Maldron Hotel Derry', 'Maldron Hotel Shoreditch', 'Clayton Hotel Leeds', 'Clayton Hotel Chiswick', 'Clayton Hotel Birmingham', 'Clayton Hotel Cambridge', 'Clayton Crown Hotel', 'largest hotel operator', 'Bristol City Centre', 'new hotel openings', 'new 4-star hotel', 'extensive conference facilities', 'former Edward Everard', 'Total UK Pipeline Rooms', 'current growth plans', 'popular destination cities', 'Maldron Hotel Brighton', 'six Maldron hotels', 'eleven Clayton hotels', 'UK Hotel Portfolio', 'UK growth plan', 'Corporate Development Director', 'UK room total', 'four new hotels', 'significant new employment', 'international visitors', 'UK city', 'first hotel', '17th hotel', 'first quarter', 'commercial centre', 'Total Rooms', 'growth story', 'direct employment', 'attractive destination', 'significant milestone', 'The Group', 'continental Europe', 'United Kingdom', 'full flow', 'significant year', 'award-winning employer', 'walking distance', 'main shopping', 'leisure districts', '255 air-conditioned bedrooms', '£50 million investment', 'Broad Street', 'main entrance', 'literature greats', 'Johannes Gutenberg', 'William Morris', 'existing building', 'carbon savings', 'business travellers', '2.5 million visitors', 'fast-growing economy', 'burgeoning engineering', 'creative sectors', 'Dermot Crowley', 'fabulous property', 'continued recovery', 'hospitality sector', 'greatest asset', 'Shane Casserly', 'key focus', 'valued partners', 'Rushe Construction', 'flagship property', 'UK footprint', 'one year', 'Printing Works', 'CO2 emissions', 'UK market', '5,000 rooms', 'Ireland', 'presence', 'addition', 'London', 'start', '1,200 people', 'region', '1,400 people', '80 jobs', 'bar', 'restaurant', 'gym', 'tribute', 'decision', '2,084 tonnes', '264 homes', 'town', 'tourists', 'vibrant', 'aerospace', 'fintech', 'digital', 'CEO', 'demonstration', 'ambition', 'Germany', 'time', 'strength', 'partnerships', 'opportunity', 'team', 'Abrdn', 'McAleer', 'heart', 'Cardiff', 'Wales', 'Extension', 'August', 'March', '2022']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,hospitalitynet.org
2380,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finbold.com/cardano-polkadot-solana-etps-debut-on-europes-largest-stock-exchange-today/,Cardano  Polkadot  Solana ETPs debut on Europe’s largest stock exchange today,As the interest in cryptocurrency exchange traded products (ETPs) grows  three such products have recently arrived on the European largest... Continue reading The post Cardano  Polkadot  Solana ETPs debut on Europe’s largest stock exchange today appeared fir…,As the interest in cryptocurrency exchange traded products (ETPs) grows  three such products have recently arrived on the European largest stock exchange  increasing the digital assets’ exposure to investors.Specifically  the Swiss asset manager Valour Inc.  a subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc.  has begun trading Valour Cardano (ADA)  Valour Polkadot (DOT)  and Valour Solana (SOL) on the Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam on April 6  the fintech company announced in a press release shared by PRNewswire.According to the announcement:“The ETPs will enable retail and institutional investors to gain exposure to the ADA  DOT  and SOL tokens simply and securely via their bank or broker.”In other words  investors will be able to access the native tokens of the Cardano  Polkadot  and Solana networks safely and more easily  without having to go through the process of opening a crypto wallet.It’s worth noting that the recent ETPs are the newest addition to Valour’s list of products trading on multiple exchanges  including Valour Uniswap (UNI)  Valour Avalanche (AVAX)  and Valour Terra (LUNA)  as well as its flagship Valour Bitcoin Zero and Valour Ethereum Zero products.ETPs expose investors to the industry of the futureDeFi Technologies CEO Russell Starr explained that:“As we continue to expand our product offerings onto new exchanges  even more people will have access to participating in an industry that is rewriting the future of the financial services industry. Investors are interested in the opportunity to get into crypto as it establishes itself  and Valour’s ETPs enable them to do that on regulated exchanges they know and trust.”Elsewhere in February  Finbold had reported about Polkadot and Cardano ETPs receiving the approval to trade on the Boerse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG (Frankfurt Stock Exchange) through Valour.Exchange traded products are mainstream investment vehicles that have existed for 30 years  receiving investors’ attention only during the financial crisis of 2008 and the ensuing demand for more transparency.The most popular type of ETP is the exchange traded fund (ETF) and an example of a crypto ETF is the Purpose Bitcoin ETF  which has recently hit a record high in the number of Bitcoins it holds after a huge infusion of capital.In the case of cryptocurrencies  ETPs offer investors exposure and new opportunities arising from having access to decentralized finance (DeFi).Meanwhile  the native tokens of all three mentioned networks have recorded price drops over the previous 24 hours  with ADA down 4.69%  DOT by 5.97%  and SOL by 5.49% compared to the day before  as per CoinMarketCap data.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.8,True,English,"['Solana ETPs debut', 'largest stock exchange', 'Cardano', 'Polkadot', 'Europe', 'DeFi Technologies CEO Russell Starr', 'Boerse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG', 'European largest stock exchange', 'cryptocurrency exchange traded products', 'Valour Ethereum Zero products', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'exchange traded fund', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'Swiss asset manager', 'mainstream investment vehicles', 'Valour Bitcoin Zero', 'digital assets’ exposure', 'Purpose Bitcoin ETF', 'financial services industry', 'Valour Inc.', 'financial crisis', 'Valour Solana', 'Euronext exchanges', 'fintech company', 'press release', 'other words', 'native tokens', 'newest addition', 'multiple exchanges', 'Valour Uniswap', 'Valour Avalanche', 'Valour Terra', 'product offerings', 'new exchanges', 'regulated exchanges', 'ensuing demand', 'popular type', 'record high', 'huge infusion', 'new opportunities', 'decentralized finance', 'price drops', 'previous 24 hours', 'CoinMarketCap data', 'Valour Cardano', 'crypto wallet', 'crypto ETF', 'Solana networks', 'institutional investors', 'investors’ attention', 'investors exposure', 'Valour Polkadot', 'SOL tokens', 'recent ETPs', 'Cardano ETPs', 'interest', 'subsidiary', 'ADA', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'announcement', 'retail', 'bank', 'broker', 'process', 'list', 'AVAX', 'LUNA', 'flagship', 'future', 'people', 'access', 'opportunity', 'February', 'Finbold', 'approval', '30 years', 'transparency', 'example', 'number', 'Bitcoins', 'capital', 'case', 'cryptocurrencies', 'three', 'day', '5.']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finbold.com
2381,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convene-annual-general-meeting-184500527.html,Notice to Convene Annual General Meeting,"COPENHAGEN  DK / ACCESSWIRE / April 6  2022 / Linkfire (STO:LINKFI)Linkfire A/S CVR-no.: 35 83 54 31The board of directors of Linkfire A/S (""the company...","COPENHAGEN  DK / ACCESSWIRE / April 6  2022 / Linkfire (STO:LINKFI)Linkfire A/SCVR-no.: 35 83 54 31The board of directors of Linkfire A/S (""the company"") hereby convenes the annual general meeting to be held on Wednesday 27 April 2022 15.00 CET at the company's office  Artillerivej 86  2300 Copenhagen.AgendaAppointment of the chairman of the general meeting. The board of directors' report on the activities of the company during the past ﬁnancial year. Presentation of the audited annual report and the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year 2021 for adoption. Proposal by the board of directors concerning the appropriation of proﬁts or covering of losses as recorded in the approved annual report. Resolution to grant discharge of liability to members of the board of directors and the executive management. Election of members of the board of directors  including the chairman of the board of directors. Presentation of the remuneration report for the most recent ﬁnancial year for advisory vote. Approval of the board of directors' remuneration for the current ﬁnancial year. Election of auditor and determination of remuneration for the auditor. Any proposals from the board of directors or the shareholders. Proposal on issuance of warrants Proposal on authorization to the chairman of the meeting.Re item 1. Appointment of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney-at-law Andreas Nielsen is appointed as chairman of the meeting. Accordingly  the board of directors will at the general meeting appoint Andreas Nielsen as chairman of the meeting in accordance with section 6.8.1 of the company's articles of association.Re item 2. The board of directors' report on the activities of the company during the past ﬁnancial yearRe item 3. Presentation of the audited annual report and the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year 2021 for adoptionThe audited annual report for 2021 is available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 1.Story continuesThe board of directors proposes that the audited annual report is adopted.Re item 4. Proposal by the board of directors concerning the appropriation of proﬁts or covering of losses as recorded in the approved annual reportThe board of directors proposes that the year's loss of DKK 36 498 thousand is transferred to the company's reserves and that no dividend is paid out for the ﬁnancial year 2021.Re item 5. Resolution to grant discharge of liability to members of the board of directors and the executive managementThe board of directors proposes that the board of directors and the executive management are discharged from liability for the performance of their duties.Re item 6. Election of members of the board of directors  including the chairman of the board of directorsCurrently  the board of directors consists of following members:Jesper Eigen Møller (chairman of the board of directors)Thomas Weilby KnudsenCharlotte KlingeThomas RudbeckThe nomination committee which has been composed of (i) Thomas Weilby Knudsen (Chairman)  (ii) Jesper Eigen Møller  (iii) Lars Ettrup and (iv) Jeppe Faurfelt  proposes re-election of the following board members Thomas Weiby Knudsen and Charlotte Klinge elected by the general meeting  including re-election of Jesper Eigen Møller as chairman of the board of directors and election of Petra Von Rohr and Ole Larsen as new board member.For an overview of management level posts held by the current members of the board of directors up for election in other commercial enterprises  please see page 35 of the annual report.In accordance with section 120(3) of the Danish Companies Act  it should be informed that Petra Von Rohr  is the CEO of Biocool AB and is a member of the board of directors for Better Collective A/S and WeBrock Ventures. Further  Ole Larsen is the CEO of nuso ApS and is the chairman of the board of directors for Rikke Gravengaard Copenhagen A/S.A statement issued by the nomination committee regarding the board of directors and the proposals of the nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2022 is available on https://investors.linkﬁre.com/investors.Re item 7. Presentation of the remuneration report for 2021 for advisory vote Presentation by the board of directors of the remuneration report for 2021 is available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 2.The board of directors proposes an advisory vote on the remuneration report 2021.Re item 8. Approval of the board of directors' remuneration for the current ﬁnancial yearThe nomination committee proposes that the general meeting approves an annual remuneration of DKK 250 000 (DKK 250 000 in the previous year) for the chairman of the board of directors and an annual remuneration of DKK 125 000 (DKK 125 000 in the previous year) for each of the other members of the board of directors until the next annual general meeting.Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that the general meeting approves an annual remuneration of DKK 50 000 (DKK 50 000 in the previous year) for the chairmanship in the audit committee or the remuneration committee  respectively  and an annual remuneration of DKK 25 000 (DKK 25 000 in the previous year) for a regular membership of the audit committee or the remuneration committee  respectively.Re item 9. Election of auditor and determination of remuneration for the auditor The nomination committee proposes that Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab is re-appointed as the auditor of the company.The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab will be paid in accordance with accounts approved by the company.Re item 10a). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to increase the share capital of the companyThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to increase the company's share capital in one or more issues without pre-emption rights for the company's existing shareholders by up to a nominal amount of DKK 116 412.71. The capital increase(s) shall take place at market price and shall be eﬀected by cash payment  by contribution in kind  by debt conversion or a combination hereof.For the issuance of shares based on the above authorization the following shall apply:Partial payment of the subscription amount is not permitted. The new shares will be without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders  and the pre-emption rights relating to the new shares will not be restricted in respect of future capital increases other than as provided for in the company's articles of association. There are no restrictions on the transferability of the shares. No shareholder is obliged to have his or her shares redeemed in full or in part. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and oﬃcial listing on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (the ""Exchange""). The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.It is proposed that the authorization to increase the share capital without pre-emption rights will replace the lapsed authorization in section 4.1 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association is available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 3.Re item 10b). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to acquire treasury sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to pass a resolution on acquisition of treasury shares on the following terms:The company may acquire up to nominal DKK 58 206.35 treasury shares in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023. Acquisitions of treasury shares should be made on the Exchange at a price per share which cannot deviate more than 10 % from the price quoted on the Exchange on the date of acquisition.All acquisitions of treasury shares shall be made in accordance with the applicable rules at the Exchange.It is proposed that the authorization to the board of directors to acquire treasury shares will replace the lapsed authorization in section 4.2 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 3 to this notice.Re item 10c). Proposal to authorize the board of directors to issue warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2023 authorizes the board of directors to issue warrants in one or more rounds to the company's key employees  consultants and members of the executive management granting them a right to subscribe for shares of up to a total nominal amount of DKK 30.107 64 against payment in cash without pre-emption rights for the company's shareholders  and to adopt the necessary resolutions to carry out the required increase of the company's share capital.The board of directors may reissue any expired warrants that have not been duly exercised  provided that the reissuance observes the terms and limitations in time which are set out in this authorization. A reissuance shall mean the board of directors' access to issue new warrants as substitution for warrants that have already been issued but which have terminated.The principal terms and conditions which shall apply to the issued warrants are enclosed as Schedule 1 to the articles of association (Schedule 3). The board of directors shall be authorized to determine the detailed terms and conditions of the issued warrants and the distribution thereof in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in that schedule.For the issuance of warrants based on the above autorisation the following shall apply:Partial payment of the subscription amount is not permitted. The new shares will be without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders  and the pre-emption rights relating to the new shares will not be restricted in respect of future capital increases. The transferability of the new shares will not be restricted  and the new shareholders will not be obligated to let their shares be redeemed. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and oﬃcial listing on the Exchange. The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.It is proposed that the authorization to the board of directors to issue warrants is replacing the lapsed authorization in section 5.1 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 3 to this notice.Re item 11. Proposal on issuance of warrantsIt is proposed to issue 368 540 warrants to the proposed two new board members of the company in the following order:Petra von Rohr should be granted 184 270 warrants and Ole Larsen should be granted 184 270 warrants.Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for 1 share in the company at a nominal value of DKK 0.01.The warrants shall be subject to the terms and conditions attached as Schedule 4 to the company's articles of association (Schedule 3).In addition to this  and with reference to clause 167  referring to clause 154 and 158 of the Danish Companies Act  it is proposed that the following terms and conditions shall apply to the subscription of the warrants and the capital increase in the company relating the issuance of shares in the company that will occur in connection with a warrant holder's exercise of warrants. Consequently  the following shall apply:The nominal value of the capital in-crease resulting from the exercise of warrants will be at least DKK 0.01 and maximum nominally DKK 3 685.40 always provided that the adjustment mechanism set out in section 11 of Schedule 4 to the company's articles of association may result in a higher value. Each warrant gives the holder a right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the company with a nominal value of DKK 0.01 each. The new shares may be subscribed for against payment of a cash exercise price equivalent to the company's volume weighted average share price in the 10 business days after the Date of Grant plus 10%. New shares issued on the basis of the warrants will confer upon the holders the right to receive dividend and other rights in the company from the time of registration with the Danish Business Authority of the capital increase connected to the issue of shares. The company will bear the costs of the issue of warrants and the subsequent exercise thereof. The company's costs in connection with the issue and the resulting capital increase are estimated at DKK 25 000. The existing shareholders will have no pre-emption rights  as the shares are issued in favour of the relevant warrant holders by signing the attached subscription lists. Shares issued on the basis of warrants will not be subject to any restrictions in the pre-emption rights in connection with future capital increases. The new shares will be issued through VP Securities A/S and will be admitted to trading and oﬃcial listing on the Exchange. The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.As a part of the issue of warrants  it is proposed to authorize the board of directors to resolve the pertaining capital increase  provided under section 155(2) of the Danish Companies Act  in accordance with this item 11 and to implement any necessary changes to the company's articles of association.It is proposed that the issuance of the warrants is included as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule 4 to this notice.Re Item 12. Proposal on authorization to the chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes to authorize the chairman of the general meeting - with right of substitution - to ﬁle the resolutions passed with the Danish Business Authority and to make such amendments to the resolutions passed by the general meeting which the Danish Business Authority might demand as a condition to register the resolutions passed by the general meeting.Additional informationAdoption requirementsThe approval of the board of directors' proposals under agenda items 10a and 11 requires that both 2/3 of the cast votes as well as 2/3 of the share capital represented at the general meeting are in favour of the proposal.The remaining proposals on the agenda can be adopted by simple majority.Share capital and voting rightsAt the time of this notice  the share capital in Linkﬁre is nominally DKK 595 320.86 divided into 59.532.086 shares  each of a nominal value of DKK 0.01 each. Each share of DKK 0.01 is entitled to one vote at the general meeting.Availability of informationThis notice with the agenda  the complete proposals and schedules is made public on the company's website (https://investors.linkﬁre.com) as of this date.Questions to the agenda and other documents for the general meeting may be submitted in writing and must be received by the company no later than Wednesday 20 April 2022. Written questions with clear identiﬁcation of the shareholder must be sent to investors@linkﬁre.com or by regular mail to Linkﬁre A/S  Artillerivej 86  2300 Copenhagen  Denmark.Furthermore  shareholders or proxies  physically present  may ask questions to the board of directors  the executive management and the company's auditor on the general meeting.WebcastLinkﬁre oﬀers its shareholders the opportunity to participate in the annual general meeting via webcast provided  however  that shareholders who choose to do so will not have the possibility to cast their vote during the annual general meeting or ask questions. Such shareholders are encouraged to exercise their voting rights by postal vote or proxy and to submit questions to the agenda and other documents for the general meeting to the company in advance. Link to the webcast can be requested by sending an email to investors@linkﬁre.com.Admission to the general meeting and granting of proxyA shareholder or proxy wishing to attend the general meeting must submit a request for an admission card so that it has been received by the company no later than Monday 25 April 2022 at 23.59 CET. Admission cards can be requested by submitting the registration form by email (scanned copy) to vp_vpinvestor@euronext.com or by regular mail to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtved Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen or by phone +45 43 58 88 66 (weekdays from 9am to 4pm).. Admissions cards will be handed out at the entrance to the general meeting upon presentation of valid photo identiﬁcation. The registration form is enclosed to this notice as Schedule 4 by accessing https://investors.linkﬁre.com.Registration DateThe shareholders' right to attend and cast their votes at the AGM is determined on basis of the number of shares held by the shareholders on the expiry of the date of registration on Wednesday 20 April 2022 at 23.59 CET. Only shareholders holding shares on the registration date are entitled to attend and vote at the general meeting.The number of shares held by each shareholder in the company on the date of registration is calculated at 23.59 pm on the date of registration. The calculation will be based on the registration of shares in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden  the register of shareholders and such duly documented notiﬁcations to the company regarding the acquisition of shares that have not yet been recorded in the register of shareholders but have been received by the company before 23.59 pm on the date of registration.Information to shareholders who hold their shares through Euroclear Sweden ABThe following information is to shareholders who hold their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear Sweden"").In order to attend the annual general meeting and exercise your voting rights  you must register your voting rights in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and complete the registration form available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 4 in accordance with the instructions set out below.If you want to exercise your voting right by proxy  you must also register your voting rights in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and complete the proxy-absentee vote form available at the company's website https://investors.linkﬁre.com as Schedule 5 in accordance with the instructions set out below.Registration process for voting rights - Direct-registered holders:Shareholders who hold their shares on an account directly with Euroclear Sweden  a CSD-account (Sw: VP-konto) will automatically be included in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and do not have to perform any registration regarding voting rights.Registration process for voting rights - Nominee-registered holders:To be registered and entitled to vote at the general meeting  shareholders who hold shares via a nominee must act in accordance with the instructions set out below:Nominee-registered shareholders must request the nominee to register their shares temporarily in their own name in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden. The request for registration of voting rights shall be submitted to the nominee in suﬃcient time to allow the registration to be eﬀective and completed at Euroclear Sweden in due time before end of business on Wednesday 20 April 2022.Attendance with an adviserShareholders may attend the general meeting together with an adviser if they have taken out an admission card for themselves and the accompanying adviser no later than Monday 25 April 2022 at 23.59 CET.Shareholders  who do not wish to or are unable to attend the general meeting may exercise their rights by completing the proxy/absentee vote form enclosed as Schedule 6 to this notice.On the proxy/absentee vote form. Shareholders may choose to:Vote by post (please note  that a vote by post cannot be withdrawn after it has been received by the company)  Grant a proxy to a named third party or; rant a proxy to the chairman of the board of directors (votes will be casted in accordance with the board of directors' and the nomination committee's recommendations).Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed by Euroclear Sweden  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfCOVID-19The annual general meeting will be held pursuant to the COVID-19 recommendations from the Danish health authorities applicable at the time of the meeting.LanguageThe general meeting will be conducted in English without any simultaneous translation being oﬀered.The following schedules are enclosed to this notice:Schedule 1 - Annual report 2021Schedule 2 - Remuneration reportSchedule 3 - Draft new articles of association (in clean and redline) Schedule 4 - Registration formSchedule 5 - Proxy-absentee vote form___Copenhagen  April 6  2022On behalf of the board of directorsJesper Eigen Møller  chairman of the board of directorsFor further information  please contact:Hans Christian Wenzelsen  General CounselTelephone: +45 51 98 48 09AttachmentsNotice to convene annual general meetingSOURCE: LinkfireView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/696414/Notice-to-Convene-Annual-General-Meeting",neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,mixed,0.13,0.22,0.65,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Jesper Eigen Møller', 'Rikke Gravengaard Copenhagen A/S.', 'next annual general meeting', 'Petra Von Rohr', 'Danish Companies Act', 'Better Collective A/S', 'Thomas Weilby Knudsen', 'Thomas Weiby Knudsen', 'other commercial enterprises', 'management level posts', 'Linkfire A/S CVR', 'law Andreas Nielsen', 'past ﬁnancial year', 'recent ﬁnancial year', 'current ﬁnancial year', 'new board member', 'Thomas Rudbeck', 'ﬁnancial statements', 'previous year', 'annual report', 'executive management', 'annual remuneration', 'current members', 'proﬁts', 'advisory vote', 'nomination committee', 'Charlotte Klinge', 'Lars Ettrup', 'Jeppe Faurfelt', 'Ole Larsen', 'Biocool AB', 'WeBrock Ventures', 'nuso ApS', 'other members', 'remuneration report', 'Wednesday 27 April', 'following members', 'Re item', 'linkﬁre', ""directors' remuneration"", 'board members', '2300 Copenhagen', 'DK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'company', 'office', 'Artillerivej', 'Agenda', 'Appointment', 'chairman', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'Proposal', 'appropriation', 'losses', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Election', 'Approval', 'auditor', 'determination', 'shareholders', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'authorization', 'attorney', 'accordance', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'website', 'investors', 'Schedule', 'Story', 'reserves', 'dividend', 'performance', 'duties', 'overview', 'page', 'CEO', '2021']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2383,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com:443/news-releases/nordic-nanovector-asa--notice-of-annual-general-meeting-on-28-april-2022-301518776.html,Nordic Nanovector ASA - Notice of Annual General Meeting on 28 April 2022,OSLO  Norway  April 6  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given that the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Nanovector ASA will be held on 28 April 2022  at 14:00 hours CEST at Advokatfirmaet Selmer  Tjuvholmen Allé 1  0252 Oslo. The full notice with appendices and…,OSLO  Norway  April 6  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given that the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Nanovector ASA will be held on 28 April 2022  at 14:00 hours CEST at Advokatfirmaet Selmer  Tjuvholmen Allé 1  0252 Oslo. The full notice with appendices and the recommendation from the Nomination Committee are attached. The notice and the documents to which it refers are also available on www.nordicnanovector.com.Shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting  in person or by proxy  must complete and return the attendance form or power of attorney form attached to the notice to Nordea Bank Abp  Issuer Service  Postboks 1166 Sentrum  N-0107 Oslo  or by e-mail to [email protected] no later than 26 April 2022  16:00 CEST. Attendance or proxies may also be registered electronically through Euronext Securities Oslo (formerly VPS) Investor Services.For further information  please contact:IR enquiriesMalene Brondberg  CFOCell: +44 7561 431 762Email: [email protected]Media EnquiriesMark SwallowithFrazer Hall/David Dible (Citigate Dewe Rogerson)Tel: +44 203 926 8535Email: [email protected]About Nordic Nanovector:Nordic Nanovector is committed to develop and deliver innovative therapies to patients to address major unmet medical needs and advance cancer care. The Company aspires to become a leader in the development of targeted therapies for haematological cancers. Nordic Nanovector's lead clinical-stage candidate is Betalutin®  a novel CD37-targeting antibody-radionuclide-conjugate designed to advance the treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL). NHL is an indication with substantial unmet medical need  representing a growing market forecast to be worth nearly USD 29 billion by 2026. Nordic Nanovector retains global marketing rights to Betalutin® and intends to actively participate in the commercialisation of Betalutin® in the US and other major markets.Further information can be found at www.nordicnanovector.com.This information is subject to a duty of disclosure pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Securities Trading Act.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/nordic-nanovector/r/nordic-nanovector-asa---notice-of-annual-general-meeting-on-28-april-2022 c3540977The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/9819/3540977/1560423.pdf NANOV - Notice of AGM 2022 (English) https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3540977/aa1de6fea143004b.pdf NANOV - Notice of AGM 2022 norsk https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3540977/b69958667708b2b1.pdf NANOV - Proposed resolutions for the AGM 2022 English https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3540977/99b7393ff36765d6.pdf NANOV - Proposed resolutions for the AGM 2022 norsk https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3540977/b35c7d17ba0e3165.pdf Recommondation of the nomination committee - 6 april 2022 https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3540977/a0edac6ca4a2a0f2.pdf Remuneration Report 2021 - web - BMSOURCE Nordic Nanovector,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.03,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', '28 April', 'substantial unmet medical need', 'major unmet medical needs', 'other major markets', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'Citigate Dewe Rogerson', 'lead clinical-stage candidate', 'novel CD37-targeting antibody-radionuclide-conjugate', 'growing market forecast', 'global marketing rights', 'Securities Trading Act', 'SOURCE Nordic Nanovector', 'Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Euronext Securities', 'Advokatfirmaet Selmer', 'Tjuvholmen Allé', 'Nomination Committee', 'Issuer Service', 'Investor Services', 'IR enquiries', 'Malene Brondberg', 'CFO Cell', 'Media Enquiries', 'Mark Swallow', 'Frazer Hall', 'David Dible', 'innovative therapies', 'cancer care', 'The Company', 'targeted therapies', 'haematological cancers', 'following files', 'Remuneration Report', 'attorney form', 'Further information', 'full notice', 'news.cision', 'OSLO', 'Norway', 'April', '14:00 hours', 'appendices', 'recommendation', 'documents', 'www', 'nordicnanovector', 'Shareholders', 'person', 'proxy', 'attendance', 'power', 'Postboks', '1166 Sentrum', 'mail', 'proxies', 'VPS', 'Tel', 'patients', 'leader', 'development', 'Betalutin®', 'treatment', 'Hodgkin', 'lymphoma', 'NHL', 'indication', 'commercialisation', 'US', 'duty', 'disclosure', 'Section', 'nordic-nanovector', 'annual-general-meeting', 'download', 'AGM', 'aa1de6fea143004b', 'resolutions', 'Recommondation', 'BM', '16:00']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,prnewswire.com
2385,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.whitecase.com/news/press-release/white-case-advises-bank-syndicate-admission-trading-euroapi-euronext-paris,White & Case advises bank syndicate on admission to trading of EUROAPI on Euronext Paris,1 day ago,Global law firm White & Case LLP has advised a syndicate of banks led by BNP Paribas  BofA Securities Europe SE and J.P. Morgan on the admission to trading of EUROAPI on the regulated market of Euronext Paris by way of partial distribution of EUROAPI shares to Sanofi's existing shareholders.EUROAPI's first day of trading on Euronext Paris is expected to be 6 May 2022 following a distribution by way of an additional extraordinary dividend in kind of 58 percent of EUROAPI shares to Sanofi shareholders with a distribution ratio of one EUROAPI share per 23 Sanofi shares.Post-listing  Sanofi intends to hold 30 percent of the share capital and voting rights of EUROAPI and committed to a lock-up period of two years on EUROAPI shares. The French State  acting through the French Tech Sovereignty fund  undertook to acquire 12 percent of the share capital of EUROAPI. L'Oréal  Sanofi's largest shareholder  has committed to a lock-up period of one year on EUROAPI shares following the settlement of the dividend distribution.EUROAPI is a leading player in active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) with approximately 200 products in its portfolio. With approximately 3 350 employees and six manufacturing sites in Europe  EUROAPI supplies APIs to its customers in more than 80 countries.The White & Case team in Paris which advised on the transaction was led by partners Thomas Le Vert and Séverin Robillard and included partners Max Turner  Estelle Philippi and Jean Paszkudzki  counsel Tatiana Uskova and associates Bénédicte Cheyrou-Lagrèze and Claire Sardet.Press contactFor more information please speak to your local media contact.,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['bank syndicate', 'Euronext Paris', 'White', 'Case', 'admission', 'trading', 'EUROAPI', 'Bénédicte Cheyrou-Lagrèze', 'French Tech Sovereignty fund', 'Global law firm White', 'BofA Securities Europe SE', 'J.P. Morgan', 'The French State', ""L'Oréal"", 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'six manufacturing sites', 'Thomas Le Vert', 'Séverin Robillard', 'counsel Tatiana Uskova', 'additional extraordinary dividend', 'local media contact', 'one EUROAPI share', 'The White', 'one year', 'Press contact', 'share capital', 'dividend distribution', 'Case LLP', 'BNP Paribas', 'regulated market', 'existing shareholders', 'first day', 'voting rights', 'lock-up period', 'two years', 'largest shareholder', 'leading player', 'Case team', 'Max Turner', 'Estelle Philippi', 'Jean Paszkudzki', 'Claire Sardet', 'partial distribution', 'distribution ratio', 'Euronext Paris', 'EUROAPI shares', 'Sanofi shareholders', '23 Sanofi shares', 'syndicate', 'banks', 'admission', 'trading', 'way', 'kind', '58 percent', 'listing', '30 percent', '12 percent', 'settlement', 'APIs', '200 products', 'portfolio', '3,350 employees', 'customers', '80 countries', 'transaction', 'partners', 'associates', 'information']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,whitecase.com
2387,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/Atari-S-A-Report-of-the-board-of-directors-presented-to-the-ordinary-general-meeting-of-the-shareh-39980678/,Atari S A : Report of the board of directors presented to the ordinary general meeting of the shareholders of 20 april 2022,1 day ago,"Translation for information purposes onlyATARIA French Société anonyme à Conseil d'administration with a share capital of 3 060 274.29 Euros Registered office : 25  rue Godot de Mauroy - 75009 ParisIdentification number 341 699 106 RCS Paris(la « Société ») --------------------------------REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS PRESENTEDTO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF THE SHAREHOLDERSOF 20 APRIL 2022Dear Shareholders We have convened you to an Ordinary General Meeting to submit to your approval the resolutions of the following agenda (hereinafter  the ""Resolutions""):- Presentation of the report prepared by the Board of Directors.1. Approval of the proposed transfer of the listing of the Company's shares from the regulated market of Euronext Paris to the Euronext Growth Paris market within twelve (12) months from the date of this Meeting (the ""Transfer"") and powers to be granted to the Board of Directors2. Power for formalities.The reports to be submitted to you have been made available to you on the website and/or at the Company's registered office in accordance with the conditions and time limits provided by law.This report is devoted to the explanation of the reasons  terms and conditions of the resolutions to be submitted for your approval. In addition  it aims to provide you with any details and additional information concerning the documents provided for by the regulations in force that you may require.FIRST RESOLUTIONApproval of the proposed transfer of the listing of the Company's shares from the regulated market of Euronext Paris to the Euronext Growth Paris market within twelve (12) months from the date of this Meeting (the ""Transfer"") and powers to be granted to the Board of Directors.The Company's shares are currently admitted to trading in France on Compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris.The Company announced in a press release dated 21 February 2022 that it was considering the transfer of its listing to Euronext Growth Paris  the implementation of which requires the prior approval of the Company's shareholders.The transfer of the shares from Euronext Paris to Euronext Growth Paris would allow the Company to reduce its exposure to the regulatory constraints linked to the Euronext Paris market and to be listed on a simplified market more adapted to the Group's profile and its current needs. This transfer would also allow the Company to focus on its activities  while maintaining its listing on a market segment more appropriate to the Company's current size.1Atari SA complies with the eligibility criteria required under the transfer procedure  which must also be met on the date of the transfer request.This transfer would consist of an application to Euronext to delist the shares from the Euronext market and to admit them simultaneously to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market.Subject to approval of the proposed transaction by the shareholders and a positive decision by Euronext Paris SA on the application for admission of the Company's shares to Euronext Growth  the direct listing will take place through an accelerated admission procedure for the Company's existing shares  without the issuance of new shares.This transfer could take place  at the earliest  two months after the General Meeting called to vote on the proposed transfer of listing from Euronext Paris to Euronext Growth Paris  i.e.  at the earliest on 20 June 2022.The consequences of the Transfer would include the following:In terms of periodic financial information:The annual company accounts  the management report and the statutory auditors' reports would be published no later than four months after the end of the financial year.The half-yearly accounts  including a balance sheet  an income statement and comments on the period would be published no later than four months after the end of the half-year. A free choice of accounting standards (French or IFRS) would be possible.In terms of protection of minority shareholdersFor a period of three years from the admission of Atari's shares on Euronext Growth Paris  the obligation for any shareholder acting alone or in concert to declare to the AMF and to Atari the crossing of the thresholds of 5%  10%  15%  20%  25%  30%  1/3  50%  2/3  90% and 95% of the share capital or voting rights of Atari will be maintained  in accordance with Article 223-15-2 of the AMF General Regulations. At the end of this three-year period from the effective date of listing on Euronext Growth Paris  only the crossing of the thresholds of 50% and 95% of the share capital or voting rights of Atari will have to be reported to the AMF and to Atari  in accordance with Article 223-15-1 of the AMF General Regulation  subject to  as the case may be  the crossing of statutory thresholds to be reported to Atari. In accordance with the provisions of Article 231-1 of the AMF's General Regulations  the tender offer provisions applicable to companies listed on Euronext Paris will remain applicable for a period of three years from the effective date of listing on Euronext Growth Paris. After this period  Atari will be subject to the regulations applicable to companies listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Thus  the filing of a tender offer will no longer be mandatory:- if the threshold of 30% of the share capital or voting rights is crossed - in the event of an increase of more than 1% in less than 12 consecutive months by a person holding  alone or in concert  between 30% and 50% of the capital or voting rights.However  the obligation to file a tender offer would apply if the threshold of 50% of the capital or voting rights is exceeded.Permanent informationAtari would continue to be subject to the applicable permanent information provisions  which also apply to companies listed on Euronext Growth Paris.The Company would continue to provide accurate  precise and fair information  making public any inside information concerning the Company  in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596- 2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse.In addition  the Company's managers (and persons related to them) would continue to be subject to the obligation to declare the transactions they carry out on the Company's shares and debt securities.Impact on the liquidity of the shareThe transfer to Euronext Growth Paris could result in a different trend in the liquidity of the share than that observed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris.Indicative timetable for the proposed transfer (subject to approval by the General Meeting of Shareholders and Euronext Paris SA)In the event of a favourable vote by the Ordinary General Meeting of 20 April 2022 on the proposed transfer to Euronext Growth Paris  a Board of Directors meeting of the Company will be held shortly in order to implement the transfer  followed by the issuance of a press release relating to the transfer and the application to Euronext for the delisting of the Company's shares from the Euronext Paris market and their direct admission to the Euronext Growth Paris marketThe admission to Euronext Growth Paris would take place at the earliest after the expiry of a period of two months from the General Meeting  i.e. at the earliest on 20 June 2022.In the context of this proposed transfer to Euronext Growth Paris  Atari will be accompanied by EuroLand Corporate as Listing Sponsor.We therefore ask you to vote in favour of the resolutions submitted to you in order to allow the implementation of the Transfer.SECOND RESOLUTIONPower for formalities .Finally  it will be proposed that you give full powers to the bearer of originals  copies or extracts of the minutes of the Meeting to carry out all legal formalities.We therefore invite you  after reading the reports that will be presented to you  to adopt all the resolutions submitted to your vote.The Board of Directors of Atari SA",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.28,0.42,True,English,"['Atari S A', 'ordinary general meeting', 'Report', 'board', 'directors', 'shareholders', '20 april', 'rue Godot de Mauroy', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'Euros Registered office', 'tender offer provisions', 'Euronext Paris market', 'periodic financial information', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'AMF General Regulation', 'accelerated admission procedure', 'French Société', 'annual company accounts', 'Euronext market', 'regulated market', 'simplified market', 'market segment', 'RCS Paris', 'General Regulations', 'financial year', 'half-yearly accounts', 'information purposes', 'additional information', 'share capital', 'Identification number', 'twelve (12) months', 'time limits', 'FIRST RESOLUTION', 'Compartment C', 'press release', 'regulatory constraints', 'current needs', 'current size', 'eligibility criteria', 'positive decision', 'balance sheet', 'income statement', 'free choice', 'accounting standards', 'three years', 'voting rights', 'statutory thresholds', 'transfer procedure', 'Atari SA', 'Dear Shareholders', 'minority shareholders', 'effective date', 'management report', 'three-year period', 'existing shares', 'new shares', 'prior approval', 'transfer request', 'direct listing', 'The Company', 'Translation', 'Conseil', 'administration', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', '20 APRIL', 'resolutions', 'agenda', 'Presentation', 'powers', 'formalities', 'website', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'law', 'explanation', 'reasons', 'terms', 'details', 'documents', 'force', 'France', 'implementation', 'exposure', 'Group', 'profile', 'activities', 'application', 'transaction', 'place', 'issuance', '20 June', 'consequences', 'comments', 'IFRS', 'protection', 'obligation', 'concert', 'crossing', 'Article', 'case', 'companies']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,marketscreener.com
2388,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220406005558/en/Cybertrust-Deploys-Verimatrix-IoT-Security-for-Customers-Across-Japan,Cybertrust Deploys Verimatrix IoT Security for Customers Across Japan,1 day ago,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Tokyo-based Cybertrust Co.  Ltd. began including Verimatrix Code Shield and Key Shield technologies  part of Verimatrix’s threat defense business line  for select customers of its EMLinux and Secure IoT Platform solutions.For more than two decades  Cybertrust has helped a wide-ranging customer base to secure their solutions in a timely and effective manner  enabling vulnerabilities to be thwarted both at the onset of development and beyond. Today  with an unending number of connected devices  Verimatrix’s technologies help to provide added fortifications for Cybertrust’s customers within the ever-growing IoT market.“As one of the country’s top providers of security solutions for developers and manufacturers within the IoT and embedded space  Cybertrust Japan highly values partnerships with fellow security innovators such as Verimatrix ” said Masahiro Sano  Vice President  Director at Cybertrust Japan. “Our EMLinux and Secure IoT Platform benefit from Verimatrix’s proven security expertise and add additional peace of mind for our customers – enabling them to focus on app development while we jointly boost their security postures.”“We’re pleased to announce an IoT specialist such as Cybertrust as one of the latest organizations to select Verimatrix threat defense solutions ” said Asaf Ashkenazi  Chief Operating Officer and President at Verimatrix. “With today’s countless IoT and embedded applications in need of powerful  consistent security  the Cybertrust-Verimatrix combination is a robust and fitting answer for customers spanning industrial  commercial and consumer sectors.”About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.28,0.37,True,English,"['Verimatrix IoT Security', 'Cybertrust', 'Customers', 'Japan', 'threat defense business line', 'Secure IoT Platform solutions', 'Verimatrix threat defense solutions', 'wide-ranging customer base', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'live streaming sports', 'valuable revenue streams', 'growing IoT market', 'fellow security innovators', 'powerful, consistent security', 'Key Shield technologies', 'Tokyo-based Cybertrust Co.', 'critical mobile applications', 'Verimatrix Code Shield', 'security solutions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'new business', 'IoT specialist', 'countless IoT', 'people-centered security', 'security expertise', 'security postures', 'frictionless security', 'SAN DIEGO', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'two decades', 'effective manner', 'unending number', 'top providers', 'embedded space', 'Masahiro Sano', 'additional peace', 'latest organizations', 'Asaf Ashkenazi', 'Cybertrust-Verimatrix combination', 'fitting answer', 'consumer sectors', 'digital content', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'sensitive financial', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'compelling content', 'Cybertrust Japan', 'connected devices', 'Vice President', 'app development', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'VMX', 'leader', 'modern', 'world', 'part', 'customers', 'EMLinux', 'timely', 'vulnerabilities', 'onset', 'fortifications', 'country', 'developers', 'manufacturers', 'Director', 'mind', 'today', 'need', 'robust', 'commercial', 'everything', 'mission', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2406,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-110200455.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Auriant Mining AB (publ.),The shareholders in Auriant Mining AB (publ.) (”Company” or “Auriant Mining”)  556659-4833  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  May...,"Auriant Mining ABThe shareholders in Auriant Mining AB (publ.) (”Company” or “Auriant Mining”)  556659-4833  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  May 10  2022.In order to mitigate the spread of Covid-19  the board of directors has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted by advance voting only  without physical presence of shareholders  proxies and third parties.Auriant Mining welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this Annual General Meeting through advance voting on the basis of temporary statutory rules  according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting will be published on 10 May 2022  as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form  the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the annual general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the Company so request. The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). A request for such information shall be made in writing to Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden  attention: Maria Carrasco  or via e-mail to agm@auriant.se  no later than on 30 April 2022. The information will be made available at Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden and on www.auriant.com  on 5 May 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.NOTICEShareholders wishing to participate  through advance voting  in the meeting must:(i) Be entered in the shareholders’ register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depositary & Clearing Organization) as of the record date Monday 2 May 2022. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 4 May 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.Story continues(ii) Notify the Company of their participation in the general meeting by casting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Advance voting” below  so that the advance voting form is received by Auriant Mining no later than on Monday 9 May 2022.Advance votingThe shareholders may only exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on Auriant Mining’s website  www.auriant.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Auriant Mining no later than Monday 9 May 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to agm@auriant.se or by post to Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden  attention: Maria Carrasco. If the shareholder votes in advance through a representative  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certified copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding document verifying authority shall be enclosed to the form. A template proxy form is available on the company’s website. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Auriant Mining on agm@auriant.se.Number of shares and votesAt the time of issuing the notice to attend the Annual General Meeting  the Company has a total of 98 768 270 registered shares  with one vote per share. As of the same date  the Company is holding no shares in treasury.PROPOSED AGENDAElection of the chairman of the meeting. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Submission of the annual report and audit report and the consolidated accounts and group audit report and in connection with this  report by the auditor regarding the audit work. Resolution on:adoption of income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  allocation regarding the Company’s profit/loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  discharge of liability for the board members and the CEO.Resolution on the number of board members  deputies and auditors. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors  deputy and the auditor. Election of board members and deputies. Election of chairman of the board Election of auditor. Resolution on the principles of appointment of the nomination committee and instruction for the nomination committee. Resolution on approval of a loan facility from shareholder. Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve upon issue of shares.PROPOSALS BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe nomination committee consisting of Per Åhlgren  chair of the committee (appointed by GoMobile Nu AB)  Risto Silander (appointed by Bertil Holdings Ltd)  and Lord Daresbury  (chairman of the board of directors of Auriant Mining AB)  have submitted the following proposals:1. Election of the chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that chairman of the board Peter Daresbury or the person proposed by the nomination committee  if he has an impediment to attend  is elected chairman of the annual general meeting.8. Resolution on the number of board members  deputies and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board shall consist of four (4) members with one (1) deputy board member and that the number of auditors shall be one (1) without any deputy auditor.9. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors  deputy  and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the chairman of the board shall be SEK 400 000 and SEK 250 000 to each of the other ordinary board members and to the deputy board member. If any committee is established by the board  it is proposed that remuneration to each member of the committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 25 000 per annum for participation. The maximum amount of remuneration payable to the board  including remuneration for work in committees  is SEK 1 725 000.The nomination committee proposes that the auditor’s fees be approved in line with agreement between the Company and the auditor.10. Election of board members and deputiesThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Peter Daresbury  Preston Haskell  Birgit Köster Hoffmann and Jukka Pitkäjärvi as members of the board. The nomination committee further proposes re-election of James Provoost Smith as deputy board member.11. Election of chairman of the boardThe nomination committee proposes that Peter Daresbury shall be re-elected as the chairman of the board.12. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of the accounting firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed the nomination committee that  if the committee’s proposal is adopted by the general meeting  Anna Rozhdestvenskaya will act as auditor-in-charge.13. Resolution on the principles of appointment of the nomination committee and instruction for the nomination committee.It is proposed by the nomination committee that it shall consist of the chairman of the board and three other members  each appointed by one of the three owners with the largest number of voting rights. The selection of the three largest shareholders shall be made on the basis of the share register of the company kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in September. However  if it becomes known to the company that two or more of the largest shareholders are controlled by the same physical person(s) (or the same physical person(s) holds shares in the company both directly and through a company controlled by him)  then all such shareholders shall be considered to comprise one shareholder for the purposes of the participation in the Nomination Committee. At the earliest convenient date after the end of September  the Chairman of the Board shall contact the three shareholders with the largest number of voting rights  as determined above  and request that they each appoint a member to the nomination committee. If any of the three shareholders with the largest number of voting rights decline their right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  the shareholder with the next largest number of voting rights shall be provided with the opportunity to appoint a member. If such shareholder also declines its right to appoint a member to the nomination committee or does not respond to the request within a reasonable time  then the nomination committee shall be constituted by the remaining members. Unless the Nomination Committee members decide otherwise  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall be the member appointed by the shareholder with the largest number of voting rights in the company. If a member leaves the Nomination Committee before its work is completed  and if the Nomination Committee considers that there is a need to replace this member  then the Nomination Committee shall appoint a new member.The nomination committee proposes that the Instruction for the Nomination Committee approved at the Annual General Meeting on 19 May 2020 shall remain unchanged.PROPOSALS BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS2. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes of the meetingThe board of directors proposes that Per Åhlgren (representing GoMobile Nu AB) and Maria Carrasco  or the person or persons proposed by the board of directors if one or both of them have an impediment to attend  are elected to approve the minutes together with the chairman. The task of approving the minutes also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting’s share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes.7 b) Resolution on allocation regarding the Company’s profit/loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors and the managing director propose that the Company’s non-restricted equity of SEK -210 293 867 is carried forward and that no dividend is paid for the financial year.14. Resolution on approval of loan facility from shareholderThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting approves a loan facility to the Company from the shareholder GoMobile Nu AB  who is a related party  in accordance with the following main terms and conditions. The loan facility is of material nature and shall  in accordance with the Swedish Securities Council's statement 2019:25 regarding related party transactions  be addressed at a general meeting.The Company has entered into a conditional loan commitment agreement with GoMobile Nu AB. The agreement is conditional in such way that its validity is subject to approval by the general meeting of the Company. Subject to the annual general meeting’s approval  the Company will be provided with a loan facility of up to SEK 9 400 000. The loan facility will be available during the period between 10 May 2022 and 9 May 2023 (the commitment period). The Company will have the right to draw funds in one or more tranches during the commitment period. On any amount drawn the Company shall pay an annual interest of 6.5 percent  and a stand-by fee of 1 5 percent per annum is payable on any undrawn amount of the loan facility during the commitment period. The Company is entitled to end the commitment period anytime. Repayment of drawn amounts must take place no later than 10 May 2023  which therefore is the due date. On the due date  the said interest and stand-by fee shall also be paid.GoMobile Nu AB owns approximately 23 percent of the shares and holds approximately 23 percent of the votes in the Company.GoMobile Nu AB's shares and votes shall not be considered when resolving upon this item on the agenda.The board of directors’ proposal has been published separately on the Company’s website as well.15. Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve upon issue of sharesThe board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the board to resolve – at one or several occasions and for the time period until the next annual general meeting – to increase the Company’s share capital by new share issues  to the extent that it corresponds to a dilution of not more than 20 percent of the number of shares outstanding at the time of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  after full exercise of the hereby proposed authorisation.New share issues may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. Pursuant to Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors may not by virtue of this authorisation resolve on issues to board members in Group companies  employees  etc. The purpose of the authorisation is to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and the acting scope of the board. Should the board of directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholder’s preferential rights  the reason shall be to enable the Company to finance the operations in a fast and efficient way  acquire companies  businesses or parts thereof  or to broaden the ownership of the Company. Upon such deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The board of directors or the CEO shall have the right to make such minor adjustments in this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the authorisation with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Majority requirementsResolution in accordance with item 14 above requires approval of at least two thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.Personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear’s website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Available documentsAccounts and audit reports as well as complete proposals and other documentation will be available at Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden  and at the Company's website www.auriant.com as of Tuesday April 19  2022 and will be sent in connection therewith to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address.Stockholm in April 2022Auriant Mining AB (publ)Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Danilo Lange  CEOtel: +7 495 109 02 82e-mail: d.lange@auriant.comCompany name: Auriant Mining ABShort name: AURISIN-code: SE0001337213Website: www.auriant.comAuriant Mining AB (AUR) is a Swedish junior mining company focused on gold exploration and production in Russia  primarily in the Republic of Tyva  Zabaikalye and the Republic of Khakassia. The company has currently four assets  including two operating mines (Tardan and Alluvial at Staroverinskaya)  one early stage exploration asset and one development asset.Since July 19  2010  Auriant Mining´s shares are traded on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market under the short name AUR. For more information please visit www.auriant.com. G&W Fondkommission is Certified Adviser to Auriant Mining AB  for more information please call +46 8 503 000 50  e-mail CA@gwkapital.se or visit www.gwkapital.se .Cautionary Statement: Statements and assumptions made in this press release with respect to Auriant Mining AB’s (“AUR”) current plans  estimates  strategies and beliefs  and other statements that are not historical facts  are forward-looking statements about the future performance of AUR. Forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  those using words such as ""may""  ""might""  ""seeks""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""estimates""  ""believes""  ""projects""  ""plans""  strategy""  ""forecast"" and similar expressions. These statements reflect management's expectations and assumptions in light of currently available information. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  including  but not limited to  (i) changes in the economic  regulatory and political environments in the countries where AUR operates; (ii) changes relating to the geological information available in respect of the various projects undertaken; (iii) AUR’s continued ability to secure enough financing to carry on its operations as a going concern; (iv) the success of its potential joint ventures and alliances  if any; (v) exchange rates  particularly between the Russian rouble and the U.S. dollar. In the light of the many risks and uncertainties surrounding any gold production and exploration company at an early stage of its development  the actual results could differ materially from those presented and forecast in this report. AUR assumes no unconditional obligation to immediately update any such statements and/or forecasts.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.28,0.2,0.52,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Auriant Mining AB', 'Notice', 'corresponding document verifying authority', 'Swedish Central Securities Depositary', 'temporary statutory rules', 'continued general meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'template proxy form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'group audit report', 'Auriant Mining AB', 'advance voting form', 'securities institution', 'annual report', 'general meetings', 'temporary exceptions', 'audit work', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'Maria Carrasco', 'same period', 'Clearing Organization', 'Such registration', 'other associations', 'special form', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'certified copy', 'registration certificate', 'two persons', 'consolidated accounts', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'advance vote', 'one tenth', 'record date', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'same date', 'share register', 'Wednesday 4 May', 'Monday 9 May', 'one vote', 'auriant.se', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', '98,768,270 registered shares', 'shareholders’ register', '10 May', '5 May', 'Company', 'Tuesday', 'order', 'spread', 'Covid', 'board', 'directors', 'proxies', 'basis', 'procedure', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'matters', 'way', 'place', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'request', 'writing', 'Bryngelshusgatan', 'Halmstad', 'attention', 'mail', 'agm', '30 April', 'time', 'address', 'NOTICE', 'name', 'nominee', 'bank', 'Story', 'participation', 'accordance', 'heading', 'execution', 'website', 'notification', 'representative', 'written', 'attorney', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'questions', 'Number', 'votes', 'total', 'treasury', 'Election', 'chairman', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'connection', 'auditor', 'adoption', '302']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2407,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/resolutions-harvia-plcs-annual-general-133000460.html,Resolutions of Harvia Plc's Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors on 7 April 2022,7 hours ago,Harvia OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE7 April 2022 at 4.30 p.m. EESTHarvia Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held on 7 April 2022  approved the financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company’s CEO from liability for the financial year 2021. The Annual General Meeting approved in an advisory decision the remuneration report for governing bodies.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors’ proposal that EUR 0.60 per share be paid as dividend and that the remainder of the distributable funds be transferred to shareholders’ equity.The dividend is paid in two instalments. The first instalment  EUR 0.30 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend of 11 April 2022. This instalment of the dividend will be paid on 20 April 2022.The second instalment  EUR 0.30 per share  will be paid in October 2022. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 14 October 2022. The record date of the dividend date would then be 18 October 2022 and the dividend payment date 25 October 2022.The Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors consists of five members. Anders Holmén  Hille Korhonen  Olli Liitola and Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae were re-elected to the Board of Directors and Heiner Olbrich was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.It was resolved that a monthly remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is paid as follows: The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 4 500 and members of the Board of Directors are each paid EUR 2 500. Additionally  the Chair of the Audit Committee is paid EUR 1 300 a month and members of the Audit Committee are paid EUR 750 a month. The travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travel policy.Story continuesFurther  the members of Board of Directors who live outside Finland will be paid EUR 900 for each meeting if the member travels to Finland only for that meeting. When the member of Board of Directors attends the meeting by telephone or other electronic means  no fee will be paid for that meeting. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.Authorised Public Accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was elected as the Auditor of the company and Markku Katajisto  Authorised Public Accountant  will act as the Responsible Auditor. It was resolved that the remuneration for the Auditor is paid according to the Auditor’s reasonable invoice.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of own sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 934 711 shares in the company in one or several tranches. The maximum number of shares to be repurchased represents approximately 5% of all the shares in the company on the date of the Annual General Meeting. Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation.The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Oy for the market price formed at the moment of purchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The authorisation may be used e.g. for the purposes of the company’s share-based incentive systems and other matters decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the repurchasing of shares.The authorisation replaces the authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of own shares granted by the shareholders of the company on 8 April 2021. The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2023.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue as well as an issue of special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment. The aggregate amount of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  must not exceed 1 869 423 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe to shares to be issued. The authorisation may be used for the purposes of strengthening the balance sheet and financing position of the company or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2023. The authorisation replaces and revokes all previous unused authorisations of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  share options and other special rights entitling to shares.Decisions by the Board of Directors of Harvia PlcThe organisational meeting of the Board of Directors elected from among its members Olli Liitola as its Chair and Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae as its Deputy Chair.Board of Directors elected from among its members Anders Holmén and Hille Korhonen as members and Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae as Chair of the Audit Committee.All members of the Board of Directors are independent of the company and its major shareholders.HARVIA PLCFor further informationCEO Tapio Pajuharju  tapio.pajuharju@harvia.com  tel. +358 50 577 4200CFO Ari Vesterinen  ari.vesterinen@harvia.com  tel +358 40 505 0440Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.harviagroup.comHarvia in shortHarvia is one of the leading companies operating in the sauna and spa market globally  as measured by revenue. Harvia’s brands and product portfolio are well known in the market  and the company’s comprehensive product portfolio strives to meet the needs of the international sauna and spa market of both private and professional customers.Harvia’s revenue totaled EUR 179.1 million in 2021  of which 79% came from outside Finland. Harvia Group employs more than 800 professionals in Finland  China and Hong Kong  Romania  Austria  United States  Germany  Estonia and Russia. The company is headquartered in Muurame  Finland  adjacent to its largest sauna and sauna component manufacturing facility.Read more: https://harviagroup.com,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Harvia Plc', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', '7 April', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Authorised Public Accounting firm', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Anders Holmén', 'share-based incentive systems', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'other electronic means', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'dividend payment date', 'public trading', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'other matters', 'record date', 'Harvia Oyj', 'Harvia Plc', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'two instalments', 'Hille Korhonen', 'Olli Liitola', 'Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae', 'Heiner Olbrich', 'Audit Committee', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'Markku Katajisto', 'reasonable invoice', 'several tranches', 'unrestricted equity', 'special rights', 'Chapter 10 Section', 'aggregate amount', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'dividend date', 'remuneration report', 'monthly remuneration', 'maximum number', 'shareholders’ equity', 'shareholders’ register', 'new member', 'Responsible Auditor', 'five members', 'new shares', 'Directors’ proposal', 'market price', 'share issue', '934,711 shares', '1,869,423 shares', '7 April', 'EEST', 'Board', 'company', 'CEO', 'profit', 'remainder', '11 April', '20 April', 'October', 'Chair', 'accordance', 'Story', 'telephone', 'fee', 'decisions', 'repurchase', 'basis', 'authorisation', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', 'moment', 'purposes', 'repurchasing', '8 April', 'closing', '30 June', 'issuance', '4.30']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2408,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARCANE-CRYPTO-AB-39434815/news/Arcane-Crypto-Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Arcane-Crypto-AB-39989484/,Arcane Crypto : Notice to Annual General Meeting in Arcane Crypto AB,10 hours ago,"The shareholders in Arcane Crypto AB  Reg. No. 556668-3933 (""Arcane Crypto"" or the ""company"")  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on 10 May 2022.The Board of Directors has  in accordance with the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations  resolved that the Annual General Meeting is to be held only through postal voting. This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  representatives  or external parties. Shareholders will only be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting in advance of the Annual General Meeting in the manner described below.Information on the resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting will be disclosed on 10 May 2022  when the outcome of the postal voting has been confirmed.Right to participateShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must:be registered as of 2 May 2022 in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  and no later than 9 May 2022 give notice of participation by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Instructions for postal voting"" below so that the postal vote is received by the company no later than that day.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  shareholders who have their shares nominee-registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to notifying participation in the meeting  have their shares registered in their own name so that they are registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date on 2 May 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines in such time in advance as determined by the nominee. Voting rights registrations effected no later than the second banking day following 2 May 2022 will be considered in the presentation of the share register.Instructions for postal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by postal voting in advance in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.Shareholders who wish to postal vote must use the postal voting form  which is available on the company's website  investor.arcanecrypto.se. The postal voting form is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting.The completed and signed form must be received by the company no later than 9 May 2022. The completed and signed form shall be sent by mail to Arcane Crypto AB  Box 12 172  SE-102 25 Stockholm marked ""AGM 2022""  or by e-mail to post+egm@arcanecrypto.se. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form. The shareholder may not provide the postal vote with special instructions or conditions. If so  the vote (i.e.  the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.Shareholders who wish to postal vote by proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document for the legal entity must be enclosed. Proxy form is available on the company's website  investor.arcanecrypto.se  and shall be attached to the postal voting form.Proposed agendaElection of Chairman of the meeting Election of keeper of the minutes Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons who shall attest the minutes of the meeting Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated auditor's report Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet dispositions regarding profit or loss according to the approved balance sheet discharge of liability of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors as well as the number of auditors and deputy auditors Determination of fees for the Board of Directors and auditors Election of Board of Directors as well as auditors and any deputy auditors Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  warrants and/or convertiblesProposed resolutionsItem 1 - Election of Chairman of the meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Johan Wigh  member of the Swedish Bar Association  or the person appointed by the Board in the event of his impediment  be appointed Chairman of the meeting.Item 2 - Election of keeper of the minutesIt is proposed that Hanna Hillgren be elected keeper of the minutes  or the person appointed by the Board in the event of her impediment.Item 3 - Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved under item 3 on the proposed agenda is the voting list drawn up by the company  based on the general meeting share register and received postal votes  and controlled by the adjusters.Item 5 - Election of one or two persons who shall attest the minutes of the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that Jonatan Raknes and Sebastian Nordvang  or the person or persons designated by the Board instead in the event of impediment of any or both  be elected to attest the minutes. The tasks of the persons elected to attest the minutes also include verifying the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting.Item 8 b - Resolution on dispositions regarding profit or loss according to the approved balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is paid and that available profits are carried forward.Item 9 - Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors as well as the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be five (5)  and that one (1) registered auditing company be appointed as auditor.Item 10 - Determination of fees for the Board of Directors and auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that fees to the Chairman of the Board shall be SEK 400 000 and fees to the other Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company shall be SEK 175 000 each.The Nomination Committee proposes that fees to the auditor shall be paid per approved invoice.Item 11 - Election of Board of Directors as well as auditors and any deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Michael Jackson  Viggo Leisner  Sïmon Saneback and Kristian Kierkegaard  and new election of Kristian Lundkvist as Board member for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Furthermore  Michael Jackson is proposed to be re-elected Chairman of the Board.Kristian LundkvistKristian is a serial entrepreneur and investor. He founded Middelborg AS in 1999 and has built it from a small telecom company to an investment company with a broad range of investments.Kristian holds numerous positions as Chairman of the Board and Board member in the larger portfolio companies. He has extensive experience from business development  M&A and restructuring. Kristian's shareholding in Arcane Crypto (including closely-related persons) amounts to 2 124 587 715 shares. Kristian Lundkvist is independent in relation to Arcane Crypto and Arcane Crypto's management and dependent in relation to major shareholders.The Nomination Committee further proposes re-election of the registered auditing company RSM Stockholm AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. RSM Stockholm AB has informed that the Authorized Public Accountant Karl-Henrik Westlund will be appointed auditor in charge.Item 12 - Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period up to the next Annual General Meeting  to resolve upon new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The total number of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments that are issued based on the authorization may correspond to at most twenty five (25) percent of the total number of shares in the company at the time of a resolution based on the authorization. Payment may  in addition to cash payment  be made in kind or by set-off  or otherwise with conditions.The reason for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be to enable the company to issue shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments in connection with company acquisitions  but also to increase the company's financial flexibility and to strengthen the company's financial position if necessary. The subscription price shall be determined in accordance with current market conditions. If the Board of Directors deems it appropriate in order to enable the delivery of shares in connection with an issue as described above  this may be done at a subscription price equal to the quota value of the share.The Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the authorization that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Other informationMajority requirementsResolution in accordance with item 12 above presupposes that the resolution is supported by at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Number of shares and votesAt the time of this notice  the total number of shares in the company  as well as the total number of votes  amounts to 8 505 700 189. Arcane Crypto holds no treasury shares.Shareholders' right to receive informationIn accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting about circumstances that may affect the evaluation of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relationship with another company within the group.Due to the fact that the Annual General Meeting will be held without a physical meeting  requests for information must be submitted in writing by mail to Arcane Crypto AB  Box 12 172  SE-102 25 Stockholm marked ""AGM 2022""  or by e-mail to post+egm@arcanecrypto.se no later than 30 April 2022. Such information is provided by being kept available from the company at the address Nybrogatan 17  114 39 Stockholm and on the company's website  investor.arcanecrypto.se  no later than 5 May 2022. The information is also sent within the same time to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal or e-mail address.Available documentsThe company's annual report for the financial year 2021 and the accompanying auditor's report will be available from the company no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting. The documents will also be available on the company's website  investor.arcanecrypto.se. Copies of said documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the processing of your personal data  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf____________Arcane Crypto ABStockholm in April 2022The Board of DirectorsAbout Arcane CryptoArcane Crypto develops the infrastructure and products that enable worldwide adoption of bitcoin and digital assets. Arcane is building a platform for users to learn  trade and invest in digital assets  all from one account. Our market leading research content educates our users and builds trust. Arcane achieves scale by providing a platform with open APIs  allowing third parties to develop their own products using our technology and then distribute their product to our users.Subscribe to press releases and financial information: https://investor.arcanecrypto.se/For further information  please contact:Torbjørn Bull Jenssen  CEO  Arcane Crypto ABe-mail: ir@arcanecrypto.noweb: investor.arcanecrypto.seFor more information  please visit: https://www.arcane.no/The Company is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market and Mangold Fondkommission is Certified Adviser  tel. +46 8 5030 1550  e-mail: ca@mangold.se  web: www.mangold.se.",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Arcane Crypto AB', 'Notice', 'Chief Executive Officer Determination', 'consolidated balance sheet dispositions', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated financial statements', 'balance sheet discharge', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'Arcane Crypto AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'second banking day', 'consolidated income statement', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other authorization document', 'postal voting form', 'deputy auditors Resolution', 'general meetings', 'consolidated auditor', 'voting list', 'other associations', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'annual report', 'postal vote', 'temporary exceptions', 'physical presence', 'external parties', 'share register', 'record date', 'legal entity', 'two persons', 'Johan Wigh', 'Hanna Hillgren', 'other nominee', 'dated power', 'Proxy form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'agenda Election', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'company', '10 May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'representatives', 'advance', 'manner', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'outcome', '2 May', '9 May', 'notice', 'participation', 'heading', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'presentation', 'Section', 'website', 'investor', 'arcanecrypto', 'mail', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'AGM', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'attorney', 'Chairman', 'keeper', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'one', 'adoption', 'profit', 'loss', 'liability', 'number', 'members', 'fees', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'event', 'impediment', 'Item']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,marketscreener.com
2409,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/07/2418340/0/en/Notice-to-attend-the-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Auriant-Mining-AB-publ.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Auriant Mining AB (publ.),9 hours ago,"English SwedishThe shareholders in Auriant Mining AB (publ.) (”Company” or “Auriant Mining”)  556659-4833  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  May 10  2022.In order to mitigate the spread of Covid-19  the board of directors has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted by advance voting only  without physical presence of shareholders  proxies and third parties.Auriant Mining welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this Annual General Meeting through advance voting on the basis of temporary statutory rules  according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting will be published on 10 May 2022  as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form  the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the annual general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the Company so request. The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). A request for such information shall be made in writing to Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden  attention: Maria Carrasco  or via e-mail to agm@auriant.se  no later than on 30 April 2022. The information will be made available at Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden and on www.auriant.com  on 5 May 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.NOTICEShareholders wishing to participate  through advance voting  in the meeting must:(i) Be entered in the shareholders’ register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depositary & Clearing Organization) as of the record date Monday 2 May 2022. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 4 May 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.(ii) Notify the Company of their participation in the general meeting by casting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Advance voting” below  so that the advance voting form is received by Auriant Mining no later than on Monday 9 May 2022.Advance votingThe shareholders may only exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on Auriant Mining’s website  www.auriant.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Auriant Mining no later than Monday 9 May 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to agm@auriant.se or by post to Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden  attention: Maria Carrasco. If the shareholder votes in advance through a representative  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certified copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding document verifying authority shall be enclosed to the form. A template proxy form is available on the company’s website. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Auriant Mining on agm@auriant.se.Number of shares and votesAt the time of issuing the notice to attend the Annual General Meeting  the Company has a total of 98 768 270 registered shares  with one vote per share. As of the same date  the Company is holding no shares in treasury.PROPOSED AGENDAElection of the chairman of the meeting. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Submission of the annual report and audit report and the consolidated accounts and group audit report and in connection with this  report by the auditor regarding the audit work. Resolution on:adoption of income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  allocation regarding the Company’s profit/loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  discharge of liability for the board members and the CEO.Resolution on the number of board members  deputies and auditors. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors  deputy and the auditor. Election of board members and deputies. Election of chairman of the board Election of auditor. Resolution on the principles of appointment of the nomination committee and instruction for the nomination committee. Resolution on approval of a loan facility from shareholder. Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve upon issue of shares.PROPOSALS BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe nomination committee consisting of Per Åhlgren  chair of the committee (appointed by GoMobile Nu AB)  Risto Silander (appointed by Bertil Holdings Ltd)  and Lord Daresbury  (chairman of the board of directors of Auriant Mining AB)  have submitted the following proposals:1. Election of the chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that chairman of the board Peter Daresbury or the person proposed by the nomination committee  if he has an impediment to attend  is elected chairman of the annual general meeting.8. Resolution on the number of board members  deputies and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board shall consist of four (4) members with one (1) deputy board member and that the number of auditors shall be one (1) without any deputy auditor.9. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors  deputy  and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the chairman of the board shall be SEK 400 000 and SEK 250 000 to each of the other ordinary board members and to the deputy board member. If any committee is established by the board  it is proposed that remuneration to each member of the committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 25 000 per annum for participation. The maximum amount of remuneration payable to the board  including remuneration for work in committees  is SEK 1 725 000.The nomination committee proposes that the auditor’s fees be approved in line with agreement between the Company and the auditor.10. Election of board members and deputiesThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Peter Daresbury  Preston Haskell  Birgit Köster Hoffmann and Jukka Pitkäjärvi as members of the board. The nomination committee further proposes re-election of James Provoost Smith as deputy board member.11. Election of chairman of the boardThe nomination committee proposes that Peter Daresbury shall be re-elected as the chairman of the board.12. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of the accounting firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed the nomination committee that  if the committee’s proposal is adopted by the general meeting  Anna Rozhdestvenskaya will act as auditor-in-charge.13. Resolution on the principles of appointment of the nomination committee and instruction for the nomination committee.It is proposed by the nomination committee that it shall consist of the chairman of the board and three other members  each appointed by one of the three owners with the largest number of voting rights. The selection of the three largest shareholders shall be made on the basis of the share register of the company kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in September. However  if it becomes known to the company that two or more of the largest shareholders are controlled by the same physical person(s) (or the same physical person(s) holds shares in the company both directly and through a company controlled by him)  then all such shareholders shall be considered to comprise one shareholder for the purposes of the participation in the Nomination Committee. At the earliest convenient date after the end of September  the Chairman of the Board shall contact the three shareholders with the largest number of voting rights  as determined above  and request that they each appoint a member to the nomination committee. If any of the three shareholders with the largest number of voting rights decline their right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  the shareholder with the next largest number of voting rights shall be provided with the opportunity to appoint a member. If such shareholder also declines its right to appoint a member to the nomination committee or does not respond to the request within a reasonable time  then the nomination committee shall be constituted by the remaining members. Unless the Nomination Committee members decide otherwise  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall be the member appointed by the shareholder with the largest number of voting rights in the company. If a member leaves the Nomination Committee before its work is completed  and if the Nomination Committee considers that there is a need to replace this member  then the Nomination Committee shall appoint a new member.The nomination committee proposes that the Instruction for the Nomination Committee approved at the Annual General Meeting on 19 May 2020 shall remain unchanged.PROPOSALS BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS2. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes of the meetingThe board of directors proposes that Per Åhlgren (representing GoMobile Nu AB) and Maria Carrasco  or the person or persons proposed by the board of directors if one or both of them have an impediment to attend  are elected to approve the minutes together with the chairman. The task of approving the minutes also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting’s share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes.7 b) Resolution on allocation regarding the Company’s profit/loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors and the managing director propose that the Company’s non-restricted equity of SEK -210 293 867 is carried forward and that no dividend is paid for the financial year.14. Resolution on approval of loan facility from shareholderThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting approves a loan facility to the Company from the shareholder GoMobile Nu AB  who is a related party  in accordance with the following main terms and conditions. The loan facility is of material nature and shall  in accordance with the Swedish Securities Council's statement 2019:25 regarding related party transactions  be addressed at a general meeting.The Company has entered into a conditional loan commitment agreement with GoMobile Nu AB. The agreement is conditional in such way that its validity is subject to approval by the general meeting of the Company. Subject to the annual general meeting’s approval  the Company will be provided with a loan facility of up to SEK 9 400 000. The loan facility will be available during the period between 10 May 2022 and 9 May 2023 (the commitment period). The Company will have the right to draw funds in one or more tranches during the commitment period. On any amount drawn the Company shall pay an annual interest of 6.5 percent  and a stand-by fee of 1 5 percent per annum is payable on any undrawn amount of the loan facility during the commitment period. The Company is entitled to end the commitment period anytime. Repayment of drawn amounts must take place no later than 10 May 2023  which therefore is the due date. On the due date  the said interest and stand-by fee shall also be paid.GoMobile Nu AB owns approximately 23 percent of the shares and holds approximately 23 percent of the votes in the Company.GoMobile Nu AB's shares and votes shall not be considered when resolving upon this item on the agenda.The board of directors’ proposal has been published separately on the Company’s website as well.15. Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve upon issue of sharesThe board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the board to resolve – at one or several occasions and for the time period until the next annual general meeting – to increase the Company’s share capital by new share issues  to the extent that it corresponds to a dilution of not more than 20 percent of the number of shares outstanding at the time of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  after full exercise of the hereby proposed authorisation.New share issues may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. Pursuant to Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors may not by virtue of this authorisation resolve on issues to board members in Group companies  employees  etc. The purpose of the authorisation is to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and the acting scope of the board. Should the board of directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholder’s preferential rights  the reason shall be to enable the Company to finance the operations in a fast and efficient way  acquire companies  businesses or parts thereof  or to broaden the ownership of the Company. Upon such deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The board of directors or the CEO shall have the right to make such minor adjustments in this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the authorisation with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Majority requirementsResolution in accordance with item 14 above requires approval of at least two thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.Personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear’s website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Available documentsAccounts and audit reports as well as complete proposals and other documentation will be available at Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden  and at the Company's website www.auriant.com as of Tuesday April 19  2022 and will be sent in connection therewith to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address.Stockholm in April 2022Auriant Mining AB (publ)Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Danilo Lange  CEOtel: +7 495 109 02 82e-mail: d.lange@auriant.comCompany name: Auriant Mining ABShort name: AURISIN-code: SE0001337213Website: www.auriant.comAuriant Mining AB (AUR) is a Swedish junior mining company focused on gold exploration and production in Russia  primarily in the Republic of Tyva  Zabaikalye and the Republic of Khakassia. The company has currently four assets  including two operating mines (Tardan and Alluvial at Staroverinskaya)  one early stage exploration asset and one development asset.Since July 19  2010  Auriant Mining´s shares are traded on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market under the short name AUR. For more information please visit www.auriant.com. G&W Fondkommission is Certified Adviser to Auriant Mining AB  for more information please call +46 8 503 000 50  e-mail CA@gwkapital.se or visit www.gwkapital.se .Cautionary Statement: Statements and assumptions made in this press release with respect to Auriant Mining AB’s (“AUR”) current plans  estimates  strategies and beliefs  and other statements that are not historical facts  are forward-looking statements about the future performance of AUR. Forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  those using words such as ""may""  ""might""  ""seeks""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""estimates""  ""believes""  ""projects""  ""plans""  strategy""  ""forecast"" and similar expressions. These statements reflect management's expectations and assumptions in light of currently available information. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  including  but not limited to  (i) changes in the economic  regulatory and political environments in the countries where AUR operates; (ii) changes relating to the geological information available in respect of the various projects undertaken; (iii) AUR’s continued ability to secure enough financing to carry on its operations as a going concern; (iv) the success of its potential joint ventures and alliances  if any; (v) exchange rates  particularly between the Russian rouble and the U.S. dollar. In the light of the many risks and uncertainties surrounding any gold production and exploration company at an early stage of its development  the actual results could differ materially from those presented and forecast in this report. AUR assumes no unconditional obligation to immediately update any such statements and/or forecasts.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Auriant Mining AB', 'Notice', 'corresponding document verifying authority', 'Swedish Central Securities Depositary', 'temporary statutory rules', 'continued general meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'template proxy form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'group audit report', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Auriant Mining AB', 'advance voting form', 'English Swedish', 'securities institution', 'annual report', 'general meetings', 'temporary exceptions', 'audit work', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'Maria Carrasco', 'same period', 'Clearing Organization', 'Such registration', 'other associations', 'special form', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'certified copy', 'registration certificate', 'two persons', 'consolidated accounts', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'advance vote', 'one tenth', 'record date', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'same date', 'share register', 'Wednesday 4 May', 'Monday 9 May', 'one vote', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'auriant.se', '98,768,270 registered shares', 'shareholders’ register', '10 May', '5 May', 'Company', 'Tuesday', 'order', 'spread', 'Covid', 'board', 'directors', 'proxies', 'basis', 'procedure', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'matters', 'way', 'place', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'request', 'writing', 'Bryngelshusgatan', 'Halmstad', 'attention', 'mail', 'agm', '30 April', 'time', 'address', 'NOTICE', 'name', 'nominee', 'bank', 'participation', 'accordance', 'heading', 'execution', 'website', 'notification', 'representative', 'written', 'attorney', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'questions', 'Number', 'votes', 'total', 'treasury', 'Election', 'chairman', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'connection', 'auditor', 'adoption']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,globenewswire.com
2410,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.law360.com/corporate-crime-uk/articles/1481824/russian-bank-stops-interest-payments-on-dollar-eurobonds,Russian Bank Stops Interest Payments On Dollar Eurobonds,3 hours ago,"Law360  London (April 7  2022  6:27 PM BST) -- One of Russia's largest banks said on Thursday that it is suspending interest payments on $1.2 billion in eurobonds provided by an Ireland-based special purpose vehicle because of Western sanctions imposed on the Kremlin due to its invasion of Ukraine.Sovcombank  the country's ninth largest  was to make scheduled interest payments on Thursday on four dollar-denominated eurobonds  provided by Sovcom Capital DAC. But it has been blocked by both Western sanctions and some of Russia's own capital restrictions.The privately owned lender has been blocked from using SWIFT  the global interbank transfer messaging system. The U.S. Treasury has prohibited the bank and other Russian borrowers from making dollar debt payments with funds from U.S. bank accounts.Similar restrictions by the U.S. and other Western governments have frozen bank assets held in Western banks  including the Russian government's foreign currency reserves. Moscow  meanwhile  hasthat sharply restrict the transfer of dollars and other hard currency from Russian accounts.""Currently  Sovcombank  due to sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries  as well as retaliatory restrictions from the Russian Federation  does not have the technical ability to dispose of blocked assets and fully use the international payment infrastructure to service loans "" the lender said on its website.It added that until the sanctions are lifted  it will temporarily suspend interest payments on the loans.Sovcombank expects to be able to transfer interest payments for two of the eurobonds registered at Russian depositories within a few weeks. This process is expected to begin once Sovcombank has developed a mechanism with Russian regulators.Two eurobonds are listed with international depositories  such as Euroclear . The bank said it is working with regulators of all the countries involved to develop a method to make bond payments  but did not specify when this would be accomplished.The bank is one of a growing group of Russian institutions struggling to service debt payments after Western government cut the country off from the global financial system.Moscow announced on Wednesday it was forced to make a scheduledon foreign dollar bonds in rubles  prompting speculation Russia would default on its sovereign debt.--Additional reporting by Najiyya Budaly. Editing by Joe Millis.For a reprint of this article  please contact reprints@law360.com.",neutral,0.02,0.57,0.41,negative,0.01,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['Russian Bank', 'Interest Payments', 'Dollar Eurobonds', 'global interbank transfer messaging system', 'Ireland-based special purpose vehicle', 'The U.S. Treasury', 'U.S. bank accounts', 'global financial system', 'foreign currency reserves', 'foreign dollar bonds', 'other hard currency', 'Sovcom Capital DAC.', 'international payment infrastructure', 'other Western governments', 'other Russian borrowers', 'four dollar-denominated eurobonds', 'dollar debt payments', 'Russian accounts', 'capital restrictions', 'international depositories', 'sovereign debt', 'other countries', 'Western banks', 'interest payments', 'Russian government', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian depositories', 'bond payments', 'Russian institutions', 'largest banks', 'Similar restrictions', 'United States', 'retaliatory restrictions', 'technical ability', 'growing group', 'Additional reporting', 'Najiyya Budaly', 'Joe Millis', 'Two eurobonds', 'Western sanctions', 'Russian regulators', 'bank assets', 'Law360', 'London', 'April', 'Thursday', 'Kremlin', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Sovcombank', 'country', 'privately', 'lender', 'SWIFT', 'funds', 'Moscow', 'dollars', 'loans', 'website', 'weeks', 'process', 'mechanism', 'Euroclear', 'method', 'Wednesday', 'rubles', 'speculation', 'Editing', 'reprint', 'article', '6:27']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,law360.com
2411,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QLIRO-AB-PUBL-113319966/news/Notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of-Qliro-AB-39993756/,Notice of the annual general meeting of Qliro AB,6 hours ago,"Shareholders in Qliro AB   reg. no. 556962-2441  ("" Qliro "" or the ""Company"") are hereby invited to attend the annual general meeting on 17 May 2022 . Due to the coronavirus and in order to reduce the risk of spreading the virus  the board of directors has decided for the annual general meeting to be held without any physical presence of shareholders  representatives and third parties  and that shareholders shall have the possibility to exercise their voting rights only through advance voting (postal voting). Information on the resolutions passed at the general meeting will be disclosed on 17 May 2022   as soon as the result of the postal voting has been finally confirmed.Registration and notice of attendanceShareholders who wish to participate in the annual general meeting through postal voting shall:• be registered as a shareholder in the Company's register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on 9 May 2022   and• give notice of participation no later than on 16 May 2022   by sending in a postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below so that the postal voting form is received by Qliro   through Computershare AB   no later than that day.To be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are nominee registered must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the general meeting by sending in a postal vote  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register as of 9 May 2022 . Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and a request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in advance and in accordance with the nominee's routines. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than 11 May 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Postal votingThe board of directors has decided that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights only by postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A special form must be used for the postal vote. The form for postal voting is available at www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022.Completed and signed forms for postal voting must be received by Computershare AB no later than 16 May 2022 . The form shall be sent by mail to Computershare AB   ” Qliro AB 's AGM 2022”  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders who are natural persons may also  by verifying with BankID in accordance with instructions on the Company's website www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022  cast their postal votes electronically.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and at www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022. For having the postal voting form sent to you by mail  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 77 124 64 00.Powers of attorneyIf shareholders submit their postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be attached to the postal voting form. Power of attorney forms are available at the Company's website www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022 and will also be sent by e-mail to all registered shareholders who have notified their e-mail address to the Company. If the shareholder is a legal person  it shall also attach a registration certificate or equivalent authorizing documentation to the power of attorney.Shareholders' right to receive informationIf a shareholder so requests  and if the board of directors determines it can be made without significant harm to the Company  the board of directors and the CEO shall provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an agenda item  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to another company within the group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to the Company no later than on 7 May 2022   to Qliro AB   AGM 2022  Box 195 25  SE-104 32 Stockholm  or by e-mail to generalmeeting@qliro.com. The information provided by the Company by such request will be made available at the Company's website www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022 and at the Company's head office  Sveavägen 151 in Stockholm   no later than 12 May 2022 . The information will also be sent to the shareholder who has requested the information and has provided its address.Number of shares and votes in the CompanyAs of the date of publication of this notice  the Company has a total of 17 972 973 shares and votes. At the same date  the Company has no holdings of its own shares.Proposed agenda1. Election of chairman for the annual general meeting2. Election of one or two persons to approve the minute3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened6. Presentation of the annual accounts and auditors' report as well as the consolidated accounts and consolidated auditors' report7. Resolutions on:a) approval of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet b) distribution of the Company's profit or loss in accordance with the approved balance sheet and in the case of a dividend  determination of the record date for this  andc) discharge from liability for the board of directors and the CEO8. Resolution on the number of board of directors and auditors9. Resolution on remuneration for board of directors and the auditor.10. Election of board of directors and auditors11. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report12. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares13. Approval of the board's resolution regarding directed issueNomination committeeThe nomination committee of Qliro has consisted of chairman Christoffer Häggblom  Rite Ventures   the members Alexander Antas   Mandatum  Thomas Krishan and Lennart Jacobsen (chairman of the board of directors for Qliro ). The proposals in full and a presentation of the work of the nomination committee can be found on Qliro 's website www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022.Proposals on resolutionsItem 1 – The nomination committee's proposal regarding chairman for the annual general meetingThe nomination committee proposes attorney-at-law Henrik Fritz as chairman for the annual general meeting.Item 2 – The board of director's proposal of election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe board of directors proposes Thomas Krishan   to be elected to approve the minutes. The task of approving the minutes also includes verifying the voting list and that the postal votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Computershare AB on behalf of Qliro   based on the annual general meeting's share register and received postal votes  verified by the person approving the minutes of the annual general meeting.Item 7 b – The board of director's proposal for dividend and record date for dividendThe board of directors proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2021 and profits available for distribution of [•] shall be carried forward.The nomination committee's proposal on decision regarding board of directors  auditor  remuneration  nomination committee  etc. (items 8–10)The nomination committee proposes the following:Proposal on the number of board of directors and auditorsThe nomination committee propose that the board of directors shall consist of six (6) members without any deputy members of the board of directors and that the number of auditors shall consist of one (1) auditor and no deputy auditor.Proposal on remuneration for board of directors and the auditor• SEK 600 000 to the chairman of the board of directors.• SEK 300 000 to each of the other members of the board of directors.• SEK 125 000 to the chairman and SEK 75 000 to each of the other members of the risk  capital  audit and compliance committee.• SEK 50 000 to the chairman and SEK 25 000 to each of the other members of the remuneration committee.• The auditor's fees are proposed to be paid against approved invoice.Proposal on election of board of directors and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Alexander Antas   Monica Caneman   Lennart Francke and Helena Nelson   and new election of Patrik Enblad and Mikael Kjellman   all for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. The nomination committee further proposes election of Patrik Enblad as chairman of the board of directors for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.The nomination committee proposes re-election of the auditing company KPMG AB   with the authorized public accountant Mårten Asplund in charge of the audit  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation.Item 11 – The board of director's proposal of approval of the remuneration reportThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report on remunerations according to Chapter 8  section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) (the “Companies Act”).Item 12 – The board of director's proposal of resolution to authorize the board of directors to resolve on a new issue of sharesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  on one or more occasions  during the period until the next annual general meeting resolve upon issuances of new shares  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders. New issues may be made with or without regulations concerning issues in kind  offset rights or other terms.The number of shares issued pursuant to the authorization may not exceed an increase of twenty (20) percent of the number of shares in the company at the time of the annual general meeting 2022.Payment may  in addition to cash payment  be made by way of contribution or set-off  or with other conditions as referred to in Chapter 13  section 5  first paragraph  item 6 of the Companies Act. The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility for acquisitions of companies  businesses  or parts thereof. Any issue of new shares resolved upon pursuant to this authorization shall be made at standard market terms and conditions.The board of directors or person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 13 – Approval of the board's resolution regarding directed issueThe board has resolved  subject to the approval of the general meeting  to carry out a new issue of not more than 550 000 shares  entailing an increase in the share capital of not more than SEK 1 540 000 . The following terms and conditions shall otherwise apply to the resolution.1. The board of director's resolution must be approved at the annual general meeting by a majority of shareholders representing nine tenths of the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.2. A prerequisite for the annual general meeting's approval is that: (i) the annual general meeting has resolved to appoint Patrik Enblad as chairman of the board of directors; and (ii) that subscription has taken place in advance of the annual general meeting. The new issue is  in addition  conditional upon that the Swedish Financial Regulatory Authority approves the management assessment in relation to Patrik Enblad.3. The right to subscribe for the new shares shall vest in Patrik Enblad. The reasons for not applying the shareholders’ pre-emption rights are set out below under item 9.4. A subscription price of SEK 17.59 shall be paid for each share subscribed for. The basis for the subscription price is the market value of the share and the subscription price corresponds to the volume-weighted average price of the company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days directly preceding the resolution to issue new shares.5. Subscription shall take place within one week of the date of the resolution to issue new shares.6. Payment shall be made within one week from the fulfillment of the condition in item 2 above.7. The board of directors shall be entitled to extend the period for subscription and payment  respectively.8. The new shares shall entitle the holder to a first dividend on the record date for dividend falling closest after the date on which the shares are entered in the share register.9. The purpose of the new issue is to instill an ownership interest in the subscriber suggested as chair of the board of directors. This will create a community of interests between the shareholders and the subscriber that will be of long-term advantage for the company. The board of directors has not established any pre-determined and quantifiable criteria for the allocation and does not deem it necessary. The new issue is made on market terms and conditions.10. The new issue corresponds to a dilution of 2.97 percent and does not entail any expenses for the company in excess of the costs for preparing the new issue documentation and for registering the new issue.11. The board of directors or person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Majority rulesThe resolution under item 12 on the agenda is subject to the approval at the general meeting with at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the general meeting and the resolution under item 13 on the agenda is subject to the approval at the general meeting with at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the general meeting.DocumentsInformation about the persons proposed as board of directors and of the proposed auditor and the reasoned statement of the nomination committee etc. are available on the Company's website  www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022.The Company's annual accounts  auditor's report  consolidated accounts and consolidated auditor's report  the complete proposals on resolutions to the general meeting  the board of director's report over paid and outstanding remuneration for senior executives in accordance with Chapter 8  section 53 a of the Companies Act and the auditor's statement on these guidelines in accordance with Chapter 8  section 54 of the Companies Act  are available at the Company and on the Company's website  www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022. The documents will be sent to shareholders who so request at the Company's address Qliro AB   AGM 2022  Box 195 25  SE-104 32 Stockholm  stating their address. The general meeting share register will be available at the head office of the Company  Sveavägen 151 in Stockholm .The notice will also be held available at the Company's website  www.qliro.com/en/investor-relations/general-meeting-2022. The notice will further be sent by regular mail free of charge to shareholders who so request at the Company's address Qliro AB   AGM 2022  Box 195 25  SE-104 32 Stockholm  stating their address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear 's website www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.This document is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.* * * * * * *Stockholm   April 2022",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.02,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Qliro AB', 'Notice', 'equivalent authorizing documentation', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'annual general meeting', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'general meetings', 'special form', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'natural persons', 'legal person', 'significant harm', 'financial situation', 'head office', 'Sveavägen', 'Computershare AB', 'advance voting', 'share register', 'postal votes', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'agenda item', 'same date', 'dated power', 'Qliro AB', 'registered shareholders', ""Shareholders' right"", 'attorney forms', 'mail address', 'reg.', 'Company', '17 May', 'coronavirus', 'order', 'risk', 'board', 'directors', 'representatives', 'possibility', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'notice', 'attendance', 'circumstances', '9 May', 'participation', '16 May', 'accordance', 'heading', 'day', 'shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', '11 May', 'account', 'presentation', 'section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'investor-relations', 'Completed', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'proxy', 'BankID', 'website', 'conditions', 'telephone', 'Powers', 'written', 'CEO', 'assessment', 'group', 'writing', 'generalmeeting', '12 May', 'Number', 'publication', 'total', 'holdings', 'Election']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,marketscreener.com
2412,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLVO-CAR-AB-PUBL--128506374/news/Volvo-Car-Corporate-Governance-Report-2021-39980629/,Volvo Car : Corporate Governance Report 2021,1 day ago,"Volvo Car : Corporate Governance Report 2021 04/06/2022 | 08:52am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields our Corporate Governance A distinct purpose for our corporate governance is active and responsible ownership of our affiliates  proper distribution of responsibilities and good communication with all stakeholders. Corporate Governance Report Corporate governance within Volvo Car Group The purpose of Volvo Car Group's corporate gov-ernance is to create a good foundation for active and responsible ownership  a proper distribution of responsibilities between the different company bodies  as well as good communication with all of the Group's stakeholders. The corporate governance principles adhered to by Volvo Car Group are based on Swedish law  mainly the Swedish Companies Act and the Swed-ish Annual Accounts Act (Sw. årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)  the Swedish Code of Corporate Gov-ernance (the ""Code"") and Nasdaq Stockholm's rule-book for issuers as well as other relevant laws andregulations. The Code is based on the ""comply or explain"" principle  meaning that companies are not obliged to at all times apply every rule in the Code  but are allowed the freedom to choose alternative solutions which they feel are better in their particu-lar circumstances  provided they report every devi-ation  describe the alternative solution and explainthe reasons for the deviation. Volvo Car Group applies the principles of sound corporate govern-ance and responsible business practice and the Code without any deviation with the exception of a deviation from the Code  rule 2.5  stipulating that the company is to announce the names of members of the nomination committee on its website no later 2. NOMINATION COMMITTEE 1. SHAREHOLDERS THROUGH SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS 9. EXTERNAL AUDITORS 1) As of 10 February 2022  the Board decided that the People and Sustainability Committee's assignment shall only relate remuneration to the CEO and executive management. The Board also resolved that it will handle the work of the the Product Strategy and Investment Committee and Commercial Transformation Committee and that these committees will cease to exist.2) Full EMT participation.3) Selected members representing EMT. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT than six months before the Annual General Meet-ing. The members of Volvo Cars' Nomination Com-mittee for the Annual General Meeting 2022 were appointed based on the ownership information as of 11 November 2021 and the names of the members were announced on 2 December 2021. The Annual General Meeting will be held on 11 May 2022 meaning that the names of the Nomination Com-mittee members were announced later than six months before the Annual General Meeting. The reason for the deviation is that Volvo Cars was listed on Nasdaq Stockholm on 29 October 2021 and wanted the appointment of members to the Nomination Committee to be based on ownership information post listing. Next year the Company intend to comply also with the aforementioned rule 2.5 of the Code. The Board of Directors of the Company (the ""Board"") is responsible for Volvo Car Group's organ-isation and the management of its business world-wide and is obliged to follow directives provided by the General Meetings. The Board may appoint com-mittees with specific areas of responsibility and fur-thermore authorise such committees to decide on specific matters in accordance with regulations established by the Board. During 2021  the Board had the Audit Committee  the People and Sustaina-bility Committee  the Product Strategy and Invest-ment Committee and established the temporary Commercial Transformation Committee. The Chairperson of the Board directs the work of the Board and monitors the Board's fulfilment of its obligations. A Vice Chairperson has been appointed to support the Chairperson as appropriate. The Board annually adopts regulations for the work of the Board  which set out the principles on govern-ance of the Board and its committees. The President of Volvo Car Group  who is also the Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  is appointed by theBoard to handle the Group's day-to-day manage-ment and to lead the Executive Management Team (EMT) as overseen by the Board. The EMT's role is to assist the CEO in the operation of Volvo Car Group's business. The EMT has appointed its own boards (responsible for e.g. product strategies  sus-tainability  volume and production planning  corpo-rate development  etc.  as further outlined in the corporate governance model above) to assist in car-rying out decisions and actions  but the CEO retains responsibility for the actions of the EMT boards. 1. Shareholders and General Meetings The General Meetings  the Company's highest deci-sion-making body  is where shareholders exercise their influence. The Annual General Meeting is held within six months after the end of the financial year. Decisions made by shareholders' at the General Meetings include (i) adoption of instructions for the Nomination Committee which nominates members to the Company's Board of Directors  (ii) determina-tion of the number of Board members  composition of the Board (including the Chairperson of the Board) and remuneration of Board members  based on recommendations by the Nomination Commit-tee  (iii) election of external auditors  (iv) determina-tion of the distribution of dividends (v) confirmation of income statements and balance sheets and the disposition of the Company's profit or loss  (vi) dis-charge from liability of the Board of Directors and CEO as well as (vii) guidelines for remuneration to the CEO and other members of the Executive Man-agement Team. In addition  the shareholders of the Company can resolve on other matters that are important to the Company at the General Meeting  for example changes to the Articles of Association. In addition to the Annual General Meeting  Extraordinary General Meetings can be convened when required. Notice of the Annual General Meeting  as well as an Extraordinary General Meeting at which the matter of amendment to the Articles of Association is to be addressed  shall be issued not earlier than six weeks and not later than four weeks prior to the General Meeting. Notices of other Extraordinary General Meetings shall be issued not earlier than six weeks and not later than three weeks prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting. Notice of General Meetings shall be published in the Swedish Official Gazette (Sw. Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) and on the Company's website. Simultaneously  an announce-ment with information that the notice has been issued shall be published in Dagens Industri. Right to attend General Meetings All shareholders who are directly recorded in the Company's share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden six banking days prior to the General Meet-ing and who have notified the Company of their intention to participate in the General Meeting not later than the date indicated in the notice of the General Meeting  are entitled to attend the General Meeting and vote for the number of shares they hold. In addition to notifying the Company  sharehold-ers whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must request that their shares are temporarily registered in their own names in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden  in order to be entitled to partici-pate in the General Meeting. Shareholders should inform their nominees well in advance of the record date. Voting registrations made by nominees not later than four banking days prior to the General Meeting will be taken into account. Shareholders may attend the Company's General Meetings in person or by proxy and may be accom-panied by a maximum of two assistants. It will nor-mally be possible for shareholders to register for the General Meeting in several different ways  as indi-cated in the notice of the meeting. Shareholder initiatives Any shareholder of the Company who wishes to have a matter dealt with at a General Meeting must submit a written request to the Board of Directors to that effect. The matter will be dealt with at a General Meeting if the request has been received by the Company no later than seven weeks prior to the General Meeting  or after such date  if it still is in due time for the matter to be included in the notice of the General Meeting. Number of shareholders and ownership structure The total number of shares in Volvo Car AB (publ.) amounts to 2 979 524 179 shares of series B which are listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm Stock Exchange. Volvo Cars largest shareholder is Geely Sweden Holdings AB holding approximately 82 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company representing approximately 82 percent of the total number of votes in the Company. The remaining 18% of the shares are held by Nordic and interna-tional investos and approximately 190 000 other investors. For further information on the ownership structure  please refer to page 48. 2. Nomination Committee Under the Code  a company listed on Nasdaq Stock-holm shall have a Nomination Committee  the pur-pose of which is to make proposals to the General Meeting in respect of the Chairperson at General Meetings  number of Board members  elections of Board members  Chairperson of the Board and audi-tor  remuneration of each Board member (divided between the Chairperson of the Board and other CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Board members  and remuneration for committee work)  remuneration to the auditor  and to the extent deemed necessary  proposals for amendments to the instruction for the Nomination Committee. At the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 17 October 2021  the current instruction for the Nomi-nation Committee was adopted to apply until further notice. The Nomination Committee prior to the Annual General Meeting 2022 consists of representatives of the three largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  as of 11 November 2021. Members of the Nomination Committee are: • Eric Li  Chairperson of the Board of Volvo Car AB• Hans-Olov Olsson  appointed by Geely Sweden Holdings AB  Chairperson of the Nomination Committee• Yimin Chen  appointed by Geely Sweden Holdings AB• Anders Oscarsson  appointed by AMF• Ylva Wessén  appointed by Folksam The Nomination Committee has adopted a frame-work for nomination of members to the Board  which stipulated that the composition of the Board shall be diverse in terms of gender  nationality  pro-fessional background and other competences. This to ensure that the Board has the appropriate bal-ance of expert knowledge  which matches the scale and complexity of Volvo Cars  supports a sustaina-ble development and meets the independency requirements of Volvo Cars. It is Volvo Cars' aim to have a balanced composition when it comes to gen-der and it is the ambition that each gender shall have a share of at least some 40 per cent of the Board members elected by the shareholders' meet-ing  an ambition not yet fully reached. The Unions represented in the Volvo Cars Board shall be encouraged to apply the corresponding goal when appointing their representatives. 3. Board of Directors The Board of Directors  which is the highest deci-sion-making body after the General Meeting  bears ultimate responsibility for Volvo Car Group's organi-sation  management and control of the Company's financial conditions. The Board of Directors shall further ensure that the Company applies the Code and complies with applicable laws and regulations  Nasdaq Stockholm's rulebook for issuers  the listing rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF market  the Company's Articles of Association and the regulations for the work of the Board. Name of the Board members Li Shufu (Chairperson of the Board) Composition At all times  the Board shall consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of twelve members and in addition thereto the number of employee represent-atives as required under Swedish law. No member of the Executive Management Team other than the CEO shall be a member of the Board. Each new Board member is provided with an induction pro-gramme to learn about the Volvo Car Group  the regulatory requirements and it is the Board's inten-tion  during normal conditions  to visit a Volvo Car Group site other than the headquarters at least once a year. Independent of the company/senior management NLone Fønss Schrøder (Vice Chairperson of the Board) YHåkan Samuelsson (CEO) Li Donghui Jonas Samuelson Thomas Johnstone Betsy Atkins Michael Jackson Xingsheng (Jim) Zhang Winfried Vahland Lila Tretikov3) Diarmuid O'Connell4) Winnie Fok5) N Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Independent of the company's major shareholder In accordance with the Code  the regulations for the work of the Board stipulate that the majority of the Board members shall be independent of the Company and the EMT and at least two of these independent members shall also be independent of major shareholders. In order to determine whether a member of the Board is independent in relation to the Company and the EMT  an overall assessment must be made of all circumstances which might give reason to call into question the independence of the Board member  for example  if the Board member has recently been hired by the Company or an affiliate. Furthermore  in order to determine the independence in relation to major shareholders  Board meeting attendanceCommittee meeting attendance N Remuneration  Board and Committees1)  SEK 12/16 N2) N/A 15/16 Y N Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 16/16 13/13 5/5 14/16 N/A 2 765 000 3/13 N/A N/A 16/16 4/4 15/16 1 025 000 9/10 1 178 000 15/16 10/10 1 150 000 16/16 17/17 1 212 000 16/16 8/9 1 150 000 15/16 5/5 N/A N/A 1 050 000 12/13 900 000 13/13 900 000 3/3 3/3 900 0006) 1) Annual average remuneration of the Board and Committees as adopted by the Annual General Meeting in March 2021 valid for March-October 2021 and by the Extra Shareholders' Meeting in September 2021 valid for November 2021-April 2022.2) Lone Fønss Schrøder is  as of 2020  a director in the board of Geely Sweden Holdings AB  the main owner of Volvo Cars.3) Member of the Board from 18 March 2021.4) Member of the Board from 18 March 2021.5) Winnie Fok left the board in connection with the Annual General Meeting held on 18 March 2021.6) Annual remuneration as adopted by the Annual General Meeting in March 2020. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT consideration must be given to the scope of the Board member's direct or indirect relationship to the Company's major shareholders. Pursuant to the Code  ""major shareholder"" means a shareholder who  directly or indirectly  controls 10 per cent or more of the shares or voting rights in the Company. The Nomination Committee's assessment of the independence of the Board members in relation to the Company  the EMT and major shareholders is presented below. Lone Fønss Schrøder  Daniel Li  Thomas Johnstone  Winfried Vahland  Betsy Atkins  Xingsheng (Jim) Zhang  Michael Jackson  Jonas Samuelson  Lila Tretikov  and Diarmuid O'Connell are deemed independent in relation to the Company and the EMT  and  among these members  Thomas Johnstone  Winfried Vahland  Betsy Atkins  Xing-sheng (Jim) Zhang  Michael Jackson  Jonas Samu-elson  Lila Tretikov  and Diarmuid O'Connell are also deemed independent in relation to major sharehold-ers. The Company thereby satisfies the Code's independence requirement. Conflicts of interest Board members shall inform the Chairperson and/ or the Vice Chairperson immediately if they find themselves in a conflict-of-interest situation. A Board member with a conflict of interest in relation to any matter to be dealt with by the Board may not participate in the discussions or decisions regarding such matter. Matters for the Board The Board is responsible for the organisation of Volvo Car Group and the management of its busi-ness worldwide. The Board continuously monitors Volvo Car Group's performance  evaluates Volvo Car Group's strategic direction and business plan as well as other aspects such as adherence to its Code of Conduct. Sustainability is an integral part of Volvo Car Group's strategy and the Board monitors Volvo Car Group's efforts in that area. Certain matters that have not been expressly allocated to the Board are delegated to the Board's Committees or the CEO as set out in the regulations for the work of the Board. The work of the Board follows an annual cycle in order to allow the Board to address matters within the scope of its responsibility on a yearly basis. To ensure that the Board has good visibility of the Group's operations  the President and CEO of the Volvo Car Group submits a report on the business  including reporting from the Group's strategic affili-ates  where appropriate  at all Board meetings. The CFO also reports on the financials of Volvo Car Group  including relevant matters relating to treas-ury  hedging  risk management  insurance etc.  as appropriate. In addition  the Board discusses spe-cific strategic topics of relevance and the Board Committees report on their work. At each Board meeting the Board is also presented with a number of decision items for consideration and approval as set out in the regulations for the work of the Board. Authorisation for the Board to resolve on new issues of shares At the Extra General Meeting held on 17 October 2021  the shareholders resolved to authorise the Board to  on one or several occasions up to the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new issues of common shares series B. The total number of shares that may be issued by virtue of the authori-sation shall be within the limits of the articles of association and not exceed ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the Company at the time of the Board's resolution. The authorisation includes a right to resolve to issue new shares for cash con-sideration  by contribution in kind or payment byset-off. Issues for cash consideration or for consid-eration by set-off may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights only for the purpose of financing acquisitions and provided that the share issue is made on market terms. The pur-pose of the authorisation is to enable payment though issuance of shares in connection with potential acquisitions that the Company may carry out  and to enable capital raises in connection with  and in order to finance  such acquisitions. Board meetings In accordance with the regulations for the work of the Board  the Board is expected to meet six to eight times per year at venues to be agreed by the Board. The Board has held sixteen meetings during 2021  of which eight were ordinary and eight extraordinary. The Board meets the statutory audi-tor at least once a year without the CEO or any other member of the EMT present. In addition  the Board occasionally holds non-executive meetings. The CFO and the General Counsel  who is the sec-retary of the Board  also attend Board meetings. The table on page 64 shows the Board members' attendance to the Board meetings in addition to their independence according to the requirements of the Code in relation to (i) the Company and (ii) the major shareholder  and the remuneration to the Board members for Board and Committee work. Evaluation of the work of the Board The Board conducts an annual survey of its work performed during the year. The survey covers areas such as the climate at Board meetings and the allo-cation of time spent on different topics  the work of the Board committees  the efficiency of the work of the Board  Board leadership and relations with the Executive Management Team. Based on the result of the survey the Board will evaluate the perfor-mance and identify possible areas of improvement. In addition to the annual survey  the Vice Chairper-son conducts meetings with each individual Board member during the year. Board committees According to the Swedish Companies Act and the Code  the Board of Directors shall institute an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee. The Chairperson of the Board may chair the Remunera-tion Committee. The other members of the Remu-neration Committee that have been elected by the General Meeting are to be independent of the Com-pany and the Executive Management Team. A majority of the Audit Committee's members are to be independent in relation to the Company and its Executive Management Team and at least one of the members who is independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Management Team is also to be independent in relation to the Company's major shareholders. At least one member of the Audit Committee must also have accounting or auditing proficiency. The Board has established three permanent com-mittees  the Audit Committee  the People and Sus-tainability Committee (which fulfils the tasks of the Remuneration Committee pursuant to the Code) the Product Strategy and Investment Committee  and the temporary Commercial Transformation Committee. The major tasks of these committees are of pre-paratory and advisory nature  but the Board of Directors may also delegate decision-making pow-ers on specific issues to the committees. The issues considered at committee meetings shall be recorded in minutes of the meetings and continu-ously reported to the Board. The committees are appointed at the statutory Board meeting following election of Board members. The Board has also This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Volvo Car AB published this content on 06 April 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 06 April 2022 12:51:04 UTC.© Publicnow 2022 All news about VOLVO CAR AB (PUBL.) 04/06 VOLVO CAR : Corporate Governance Report 2021 PU 04/05 Hertz and Polestar Announce Global Strategic Partnership to Accelerate Electric Vehicle.. AQ 04/05 MARKETSCREENER'S WORLD PRESS REVIEW : April 5  2022 04/05 Volvo Car AB (publ) publishes Annual and Sustainability Report 2021 AQ 04/05 Volvo Cars Invests in Swiss Sustainable Lightweight Materials Firm Bcomp DJ 04/04 Volvo Cars reports sales of 58 667 cars in March  share of electrified cars increased t.. AQ 04/04 Volvo Car AB (Publ.) Announces Operating Results for the Month and Quarter Ended March .. CI 04/04 Volvo Car AB (Publ.) Reports Sales Result for the Month and First Quarter Ended March 2.. CI 04/04 Volvo Car Sales Fell 22.1% in March; Warns on Component Shortages in 2Q DJ 04/01 Notice of Annual General Meeting in Volvo Car AB (publ) AQ Analyst Recommendations on VOLVO CAR AB (PUBL.) 02/11 VOLVO CARS : JP Morgan remains Neutral MD 01/10 VOLVO CARS : Goldman Sachs reaffirms its Neutral rating MD 2021 VOLVO CARS : JP Morgan withdraws its Sell rating MD",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.38,0.25,0.36,True,English,"['Corporate Governance Report', 'Volvo Car', 'Swed-ish Annual Accounts Act', 'ownership information post listing', 'temporary Commercial Transformation Committee', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""Volvo Cars' Nomination Com-mittee"", 'Annual General Meet-ing', 'multiple email addresses', 'other relevant laws', 'highest deci-sion-making body', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Volvo Car Group', 'Corporate Governance Report', 'corporate governance model', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Full EMT participation', 'Executive Management Team', 'sound corporate govern-ance', 'different company bodies', 'Nomination Com-mittee members', 'responsible business practice', 'corporate governance principles', 'responsible ownership', 'General Meetings', 'nomination committee', 'corporate gov-ernance', 'The EMT', 'Swedish law', 'Sustainability Committee', 'Investment Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Sustaina-bility Committee', 'Invest-ment Committee', 'proper distribution', 'good communication', 'good foundation', 'Sw. årsredovisningslagen', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'alternative solutions', 'particu-lar circumstances', 'EXTERNAL AUDITORS', 'Product Strategy', 'specific areas', 'specific matters', 'product strategies', 'production planning', 'corpo-rate development', 'six months', 'financial year', 'First name', 'distinct purpose', 'day manage-ment', 'Swedish Code', 'Vice Chairperson', 'EMT boards', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS"", 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'active', 'affiliates', 'responsibilities', 'stakeholders', 'rule-book', 'issuers', 'andregulations', 'times', 'freedom', 'devi-ation', 'reasons', 'deviation', 'exception', 'names', 'website', '10 February', 'People', 'assignment', 'remuneration', 'CEO', 'work', 'committees', '11 November', '2 December', '11 May', '29 October', 'appointment', 'Directors', 'organ-isation', 'directives', 'com-mittees', 'responsibility', 'thermore', 'accordance', 'fulfilment', 'obligations', 'President', 'theBoard', 'role', 'operation', 'sus-tainability', 'volume', 'decisions', 'actions', 'influence', 'end', 'adoption', 'instructions']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,marketscreener.com
2413,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-taken-sanoma-corporation-annual-131500686.html,Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  7 April 2022 at 16:15 EET Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held on 7 April 2022 in Helsinki.,Sanoma OyjSanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  7 April 2022 at 16:15 EETDecisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of DirectorsSanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held on 7 April 2022 in Helsinki. The AGM was held based on the so-called temporary act so that the shareholders of the Company and their proxy representatives participated in the meeting and exercised the shareholder’s rights only by voting in advance as well as by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance.The meeting adopted the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2021 as well as discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2021. In addition  the meeting made an advisory decision on the adoption of the Remuneration Policy and the Remuneration Report of the governing bodies.DividendThe AGM resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.54 per share shall be paid. The dividend shall be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.27 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 11 April 2022. The payment date for this instalment is 20 April 2022.The second instalment of EUR 0.27 per share shall be paid in November 2022. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 26 October 2022. The dividend record date would then be on or about 28 October 2022 and the dividend payment date on or about 4 November 2022.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at nine. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Denise Koopmans  Sebastian Langenskiöld and Rafaela Seppälä were re-elected as members. Pekka Ala-Pietilä was elected as the Chairperson of the Board and Nils Ittonen as the Vice Chairperson. The term of all Board members ends at the end of the AGM 2023.Story continuesRemuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the monthly remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors shall remain unchanged. The monthly remunerations are: EUR 12 000 for the Chairperson of the Board  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chairperson of the Board  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board.The meeting fees of the Board of Directors are:- For Board members who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;- For the Chairpersons of Board Committees: the meeting fee is increased to EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;- For Committee members who reside outside Finland: the meeting fees are increased to EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; and- For Committee members who reside in Finland: the meeting fee is increased to EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.The meeting fees of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee are:- For the Chairperson of the Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;- For members of the Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; and- For members of the Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting where the member was presentEstablishment of the Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe AGM resolved that a Shareholders’ Nomination Committee is established for the Company and its Charter was adopted. The Committee is established until further notice until otherwise decided by the General Meeting of the shareholders and it consists of up to four members who represent the Company’s four largest shareholders who  on 31 May preceding the next year’s Annual General Meeting  hold the largest number of votes calculated of all shares in the Company. The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee shall elect a Chairperson from among its members. The term of all members of the Committee expires annually upon the appointment of the next Shareholders’ Nomination Committee (to be appointed after the next Annual General Meeting following the appointment).AuditorThe AGM appointed audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as the auditor of the Company with Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the auditor with principal responsibility. The Auditor shall be reimbursed against invoice approved by the Company.Authorisation to repurchase Company’s own sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2023 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2021.The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares  or cancelled.Authorisation to issue shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company's own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board will be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 5 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2023 and it will replace the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2021.Decisions by the Board of DirectorsIn its organisation meeting held after the AGM  the Board of Directors decided to appoint from among its members the following members to its committees:Audit Committee: Denise Koopmans (Chairperson)  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils IttonenHuman Resources Committee: Julian Drinkall (Chairperson)  Sebastian Langenskiöld  Rafaela SeppäläIn addition to Audit Committee and Human Resources Committee  the Board of Directors has  according to its Charter  an Executive Committee. The Executive Committee consists of the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the Board  the President and CEO and at Chairperson’s invitation one or several members of the Board. In 2022  the Executive Committee will comprise Pekka Ala-Pietilä (Chairperson)  Nils Ittonen and Susan Duinhoven.Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in eleven European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2021  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.25bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 15.8%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.,neutral,0.07,0.82,0.11,mixed,0.32,0.4,0.28,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'next Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Sebastian Langenskiöld', 'Rafaela Seppälä', 'Samuli Perälä', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'dividend record date', 'dividend payment date', 'four largest shareholders', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'next year', 'shareholders’ register', 'Committee meeting', 'meeting fees', 'Sanoma Oyj', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'temporary act', 'proxy representatives', 'Financial Statements', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'two instalments', 'Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Julian Drinkall', 'Rolf Grisebach', 'Anna Herlin', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'Nils Ittonen', 'Denise Koopmans', 'monthly remunerations', 'largest number', 'audit firm', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'principal responsibility', 'several instalments', 'four members', 'Remuneration Policy', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'financial year', 'Committee members', 'The AGM', 'Remuneration Report', 'Vice Chairperson', 'Board meeting', 'Board Committees', 'Directors’ Report', 'Board members', '16:15 EET', 'Decisions', '7 April', 'Helsinki', 'Company', 'rights', 'advance', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'liability', 'addition', 'adoption', '20 April', 'November', '26 October', '28 October', 'Composition', 'term', 'Story', 'Chairpersons', 'Establishment', 'Charter', 'notice', '31 May', 'votes', 'shares', 'appointment', 'invoice', 'Authorisation', 'repurchase', 'maximum', 'funds']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2414,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shamaran-publishes-swedish-prospectus-connection-123000252.html,SHAMARAN PUBLISHES SWEDISH PROSPECTUS IN CONNECTION WITH AN UNDERWRITTEN RIGHTS ISSUE AND CORPORATE UPDATES,"ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. (""ShaMaran"" or the ""Company"") (TSXV: SNM) and (Nasdaq First North Growth Market (Sweden): SNM) is pleased to announce that the board of directors of the Company has prepared a prospectus (the ""Prospectus"") in connection with the rights issue of up to approximately USD 30.","VANCOUVER  BC  April 7  2022 /CNW/ - ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. (""ShaMaran"" or the ""Company"") (TSXV: SNM) and (Nasdaq First North Growth Market (Sweden): SNM) is pleased to announce that the board of directors of the Company has prepared a prospectus (the ""Prospectus"") in connection with the rights issue of up to approximately USD 30.5 million (290.2 million SEK1) (the ""Rights Issue"") previously announced in the news release of April 5  2022. The Prospectus has today been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) and is available on the Company's website (www.shamaranpetroleum.com). View PDF versionSHAMARAN PUBLISHES SWEDISH PROSPECTUS IN CONNECTION WITH AN UNDERWRITTEN RIGHTS ISSUE AND CORPORATE UPDATES (CNW Group/ShaMaran Petroleum Corp.)CORPORATE UPDATESThe Company would like to inform the market that discussions with the Kurdistan authorities and its representatives to approve the change of control of the TotalEnergies affiliate  as previously announced on July 12  2021  are progressing towards finalization of such matter. The Company also intends to engage in discussions with bondholders of ShaMaran's 2025 bond with a view to completing the Sarsang acquisition prior to the last day of the Rights Issue on May 20  2022. This may require a waiver of a Rights Issue condition precedent by the 2025 bondholders.In addition  the Company plans to release its year-end 2021 financials  2021 reserves report and 2022 guidance after the close of business on April 25  2022.NOTICE TO HOLDERS OF SHARES THROUGH EUROCLEAR SWEDENHolders of ShaMaran shares should note the Company's announcement on April 5  2022 that shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden will not be able to subscribe for additional shares pursuant to the Additional Subscription Privilege (Sv. ""Subsidiär teckning""). Shareholders who wish to subscribe for additional shares pursuant to the Additional Subscription Privilege must have their shares registered in Canada to further participate in the Rights Issue according to the Canadian terms and conditions that are included in the Circular and Notice as announced on April 5  2022. A cross-border halt for the shares will be implemented on April 12 - 13  2022; hence  anyone re-registering their shares from Euroclear Sweden to Canada must ensure that the re-registration has been completed well before the cross-border halt commences on April 12  2022. ShaMaran shareholders through Euroclear Sweden who wish to subscribe for additional shares are advised to immediately contact their respective broker or nominee for further information on how to re-register their shares.Story continuesRIGHTS OFFERING TIMELINE (2022)HOLDERS OF SHARES INEUROCLEAR SWEDEN REGISTERED HOLDERS OF SHARES AND BENEFICIALHOLDERS OF SHARES NOT ADMINISTERED BYEUROCLEAR Cross Border trading halt April 12-13 April 12-13 Record Date April 13 April 13 Subscription Period April 20 – May 16 April 20 – May 20 Trading in Rights April 20 – May 11 April 20 – May 20 Expiry of Rights Offering May 16  15:00 (CEST) May 20  14:00 (Eastern time)OTHERThis news release contains information that ShaMaran is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  on April 7  2022 at 8:30 a.m. ET. Arctic Securities AS (Swedish branch)  is the Company's Certified Adviser on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (Sweden) +46 844 68 61 00  certifiedadviser@arctic.com.Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThe information in this news release may not be released  distributed or published  directly or indirectly  in or into The United States of America  Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa  Switzerland  or any other jurisdiction in which the release  distribution or publication would be unlawful or require any other measures than required by Swedish or Canadian law. Actions in violation of these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws.This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction. There shall be no offer or sale of  or solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities referred to herein in any jurisdiction in which such offer  sale or solicitation would be unlawful.The share subscription rights referred to herein  and any shares issuable upon exercise of such subscription rights  have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""1933 Act"")  or any state securities laws  and may not be directly or indirectly offered  sold  resold or exercised  as applicable  in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  any U.S. person (as those terms are defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act) unless they are registered under  or the transaction is exempt from the registration requirements of  the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws.This news release has been prepared on the basis that any offer of securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area  other than Sweden  which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) (2017/1129  as amended  the ""Prospectus Regulation"") (each  a ""Relevant Member State"") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation  as implemented in that Relevant Member State  from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make any offer in that Relevant Member State of securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this news release  may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Company of the Rights Issue to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation  in each case  in relation to such offer. The Company has not authorized  nor do it authorize  the making of any offer of the securities through any financial intermediary. The Company has not authorized  nor does it authorize  the making of any offer of securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Company to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release contains statements and information about expected or anticipated future events and financial results that are forward‐looking in nature and  as a result  are subject to certain risks and uncertainties  such as legal and political risk  civil unrest  general economic  market and business conditions  the regulatory process and actions  technical issues  new legislation  competitive and general economic factors and conditions  the uncertainties resulting from potential delays or changes in plans  the occurrence of unexpected events and management's capacity to execute and implement its future plans.The Covid-19 virus and the restrictions and disruptions related to it have had a drastic adverse effect on the world demand for  and prices of  oil and gas as well as the market price of the shares of oil and gas companies generally  including the Company's common shares. There can be no assurance that these adverse effects will not continue or that commodity prices will not decrease or remain volatile in the future. These factors are beyond the control of ShaMaran and it is difficult to assess how these  and other factors  will continue to affect the Company and the market price of ShaMaran's common shares. In light of the current situation  as at the date of this news release  the Company continues to review and assess its business plans and assumptions regarding the business environment  as well as its estimates of future production  cash flows  operating costs  and capital expenditures.Any statements that are contained in this news release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward‐looking information. Forward‐ looking information typically contains statements with words such as ""may""  ""will""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""plan""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""projects""  ""potential""  ""scheduled""  ""forecast""  ""outlook""  ""budget"" or the negative of those terms or similar words suggesting future outcomes. The Company cautions readers regarding the reliance placed by them on forward‐looking information as by its nature  it is based on current expectations regarding future events that involve a number of assumptions  inherent risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by the Company.Actual results may differ materially from those projected by management. Further  any forward‐looking information is made only as of a certain date and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward‐ looking information or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as may be required by applicable securities laws. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for management of the Company to predict all of these factors and to assess in advance the impact of each such factor on the Company's business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward‐looking information.ABOUT SHAMARANShaMaran is a Kurdistan focused oil development and exploration company which holds a 27.6% interest  through its wholly-owned subsidiary General Exploration Partners  Inc.  in the Atrush Block and as announced in the Company's news release of July 12  2021 upon successful closing of the acquisition from a TotalEnergies' affiliate will then also hold an 18% interest through its then wholly-owned subsidiary TEPKRI Sarsang A/S in the Sarsang Block.ShaMaran is a Canadian oil and gas company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange and the Nasdaq First North Growth Market (Sweden) under the symbol ""SNM"" and is part of the ""Lundin Group of Companies"".Follow us on Social Media:Instagram: @shamaranpetroleumcorpTwitter: @shamaran_corpFacebook: @shamaranpetroleumcorpNote:1 Based on exchange rate of 1 USD = 9.514 SEKSOURCE ShaMaran Petroleum Corp.CisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/07/c8520.html",neutral,0.17,0.75,0.07,mixed,0.3,0.16,0.53,True,English,"['SHAMARAN PUBLISHES SWEDISH PROSPECTUS', 'UNDERWRITTEN RIGHTS ISSUE', 'CORPORATE UPDATES', 'CONNECTION', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'EUROCLEAR Cross Border trading halt', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Rights Issue condition precedent', 'United States Securities Act', 'EUROCLEAR SWEDEN REGISTERED HOLDERS', 'Regulation Services Provider', 'Subsidiär teckning', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'U.S. person', 'applicable securities laws', 'state securities laws', 'The United States', 'ShaMaran Petroleum Corp.', 'Additional Subscription Privilege', 'share subscription rights', 'UNDERWRITTEN RIGHTS ISSUE', 'RIGHTS OFFERING TIMELINE', 'SHAMARAN PUBLISHES SWEDISH', 'Arctic Securities AS', 'cross-border halt', 'Subscription Period', 'Swedish branch', '290.2 million SEK', 'Sw. Finansinspektionen', 'PDF version', 'CORPORATE UPDATES', 'CNW Group', 'Kurdistan authorities', 'TotalEnergies affiliate', 'Sarsang acquisition', 'last day', 'year-end 2021 financials', '2021 reserves report', 'respective broker', 'Record Date', 'Eastern time', 'contact persons', 'Certified Adviser', 'Hong Kong', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'Canadian law', 'news release', 'additional shares', 'other measures', 'The Prospectus', 'Canadian terms', 'The Company', 'ShaMaran shareholders', 'ShaMaran shares', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'other jurisdiction', '1933 Act', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'April', 'TSXV', 'SNM', 'board', 'directors', 'connection', 'USD', 'website', 'shamaranpetroleum', 'discussions', 'representatives', 'control', 'July', 'finalization', 'matter', 'bondholders', '2025 bond', 'view', 'May', 'waiver', '2022 guidance', 'close', 'business', 'NOTICE', 'announcement', 'Sv.', 'Canada', 'conditions', 'Circular', 'registration', 'nominee', 'Story', 'BENEFICIAL', 'Expiry', 'publication', 'agency', 'policies', 'responsibility', 'adequacy', 'accuracy', 'America', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Singapore', 'Switzerland', 'distribution', 'Actions', 'violation', 'restrictions', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'exercise', 'account', 'benefit', '8:30']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2415,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-vicore-pharma-holding-ab-publ-1649322000,Notice of annual general meeting of Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ),Vicore Pharma's annual general meeting will be carried out through advance voting (postal voting) only pursuant to temporary legislation. No meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place.,"Vicore Pharma's annual general meeting will be carried out through advance voting (postal voting) only pursuant to temporary legislation. No meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place. Hence  the meeting will be held without physical presence  in accordance with the procedures last year  and with no customary arrangements in connection with the meeting.Vicore Pharma welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through advance voting as described below. Information on the resolutions passed at the annual general meeting will be published on 11 May 2022  as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed.The shareholders may request in the advance voting form that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such general meeting shall take place if the annual general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so requests.Preconditions for participationFor a person to be entitled to participate through advance voting in the annual general meeting  such person mustbe registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 3 May 2022 have notified its intention to participate no later than on Tuesday 10 May 2022 by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Advance voting"" below so that the advance voting form is received by Vicore Pharma no later than that day.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must re-register their shares in their own names in order to be entitled to attend the annual general meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected at Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 5 May 2022  and the shareholders must therefore contact their nominees well in advance of this date.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting only by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on www.vicorepharma.com under the heading ""Investors - Corporate Governance - General Meeting"". The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the general meeting.The completed voting form must be received by Vicore Pharma no later than Tuesday 10 May 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to nina.carlen@vicorepharma.com  or by post to Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ)  attn. Nina Carlén  Kronhusgatan 11  SE-411 05 Gothenburg  Sweden. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions about the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Nina Carlén on nina.carlen@vicorepharma.com or on telephone +46 76 390 94 04.Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice there are a total of 71 760 293 shares outstanding in the company that entitle to one vote per share at the annual general meeting. As per the date of this notice the company holds no treasury shares.Proposed agenda1. Election of chairman of the annual general meeting2. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes3. Preparation and approval of the voting register4. Approval of the agenda5. Determination of whether the annual general meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the group  and the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in effect since the previous annual general meeting7. Resolutions regardinga. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheetb. allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  andc. discharge from liability for board members and the managing director8. Determination of the number of board members and auditors9. Determination of fees for the board of directors and the auditors10. Election of members of the board of directors10.1 Jacob Gunterberg (re-election)10.2 Heidi Hunter (re-election)10.3 Maarten Kraan (re-election)10.4 Sara Malcus (re-election)10.5 Hans Schikan (re-election)11. Election of the chairman of the board of directorsJacob Gunterberg (re-election)12. Election of auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditors13. Resolution on guidelines on remuneration to members of group management and board members14. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval15. Resolution to authorize the board of directors to issue new sharesItem 1 - Election of chairman of the annual general meetingThe nomination committee of Vicore Pharma  which consists of Staffan Lindstrand as representative of HealthCap VII L.P.  Jannis Kitsakis as representative of the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund  Ulrik Grönvall as representative of Swedbank Robur  and Jacob Gunterberg  chairman of the board  proposes that the chairman of the board Jacob Gunterberg  or the person elected by the nomination committee if he has an impediment to attend  is elected chairman of the annual general meeting. It is noted that the chairman of the board Jacob Gunterberg  due to the late resignation of the previous chairman Michael Wolff Jensen from Vicore Pharma's board of directors  has not had the time and possibility to participate in the nomination committee's work ahead of the annual general meeting 2022  regarding this or the nomination committee's other proposals.Item 2 - Election of one or two persons to verify the minutesJohannes Eckerstein and Kjell Stenberg  or if one or both of them have an impediment to attend  the person or persons instead appointed by the board of directors  are proposed to be elected to approve the minutes of the annual general meeting together with the chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the annual general meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting.Item 3 - Preparation and approving of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval under item 3 on the proposed agenda is the voting list drawn up by the company  based on the annual general meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified by the persons approving the minutes of the annual general meeting.Item 7) b. - Resolution regarding allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that there shall be no dividend for 2021 and that the results of the company shall be carried forward.Item 8 - Determination of the number of board members and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of five board members with no deputy members and that the number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditors.Item 9 - Determination of fees for the board of directors and the auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that directors' fees shall be paid with SEK 437 500 to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 175 000 to each one of the other members  with SEK 100 000 to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 50 000 to the other members of the audit committee  with SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 25 000 to the other members of the remuneration committee and  SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the scientific committee and SEK 25 000 to the other members of the scientific committee.Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that all board members shall receive an additional fee of SEK 1 137 500  subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Vicore Pharma for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Vicore Pharma board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: SEK 437 500 to the chairman and SEK 175 000 to each of the other board members  corresponding to 100 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman and each of the other board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach of his/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). Jacob Gunterberg has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal.Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs.Item 10 - Election of members of the board of directorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board members Jacob Gunterberg  Heidi Hunter  Maarten Kraan  Sara Malcus and Hans Schikan are re-elected as board members.Item 11 - Election of the chairman of the board of directorsThe nomination committee proposes that Jacob Gunterberg is re-elected chairman of the board of directors.Item 12 - Election of auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the audit company EY AB is re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting  with the request that Linda Sallander acts as auditor in charge  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation.Item 13 - Resolution on guidelines on remuneration to members of group management and board membersThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting adopts the following guidelines on remuneration to members of group management and board members.Guidelines for executive remunerationThe board of directors  the CEO and other members of the executive management fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration already decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityVicore Pharma is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing innovative medicines in severe lung diseases and other indications where the Angiotensin II type 2 receptor (AT2R) plays an important role.For more information about the company  please see Vicore Pharma's company presentation at; https://vicorepharma.com/investors/events-presentations/.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers a competitive European level remuneration.These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.The company also has long-term share-related incentive plans in place. The plans have been resolved by the general meeting and aim to align the interests of the board members and key employees with those of the shareholders.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Furthermore  additional variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespectively of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related incentive programs. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one to several years. The variable remuneration payable in cash may amount to a maximum of 40 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for the CEO and a maximum of 30 percent of the annual fixed cash salary to other senior executives under the measurement period for such criteria. Further variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and only made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives  or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid more than once per year for each individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the board of directors based on a proposal from the remuneration committee.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless otherwise required by for example collective agreements. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  life insurance and medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring). Such benefits may not amount to more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Termination of employmentFor all executives the notice period may be up to six months if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. For the CEO  fixed cash salary during the notice period and severance pay may  in total  not exceed twelve months' fixed salary  and for other executives  such remuneration may not correspond to an amount which exceeds six months' fixed salary. The period of notice may be up to six months without any right to severance pay when termination is made by the executive.Additionally  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed executive is not entitled to severance pay. The remuneration shall amount to not more than 60 per cent of the monthly income at the time of termination of employment and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than 12 months following termination of employment.Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria. These criteria can be measurable advancements in the company's preclinical and clinical trials and other associated activities. The criteria can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or the executive's long-term development. The board of directors shall have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions  subject to the restrictions that may apply under law or contract  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (claw-back).To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration have been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other executives  the CEO is responsible for the evaluation  subject to approval by the board of directors for those executives who report directly to the CEO. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonableThe decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board of directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the remuneration committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board of directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board of directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of significant changes to the guidelines and how the shareholders' views have been taken into accountThe board of directors has reviewed the description of the company's business in the remuneration guidelines and made a minor editorial change. No significant changes have been made to these proposed guidelines compared to previously adopted guidelines. No shareholders have provided any comments.Item 15 - Resolution to authorize the board of directors to issue new sharesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors  at one or several occasions and for the period until the next annual general meeting  to increase the company's share capital by issuing new shares. Such share issue may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The number of shares that may be issued under the authorization may correspond to not more than 20 per cent of the number of outstanding shares and votes at the time of the annual general meeting.The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the general flexibility of the board of directors. Should the board of directors resolve on a share issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to finance acquisitions of businesses or assets or to raise capital to finance the company's projects  or  alternatively  to broaden the shareholder base. Upon such deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration.Majority requirementsA resolution in accordance with item 15 above requires approval of at least two thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.Shareholders' right to request informationThe shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.The board of directors and the chief executive officer shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relation to another company within the group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ)  attn. Nina Carlén  Kronhusgatan 11  SE-411 05 Gothenburg  Sweden or via e-mail to nina.carlen@vicorepharma.com  no later than on 1 May 2022. The information will be made available at Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ)  Kronhusgatan 11  SE-411 05 Gothenburg  Sweden and on www.vicorepharma.com  under the heading ""Investors - Corporate Governance - General Meeting"" on 6 May 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.Other informationThe annual report  the auditor's report for the financial year 2021 and the remuneration report will be held available at the company's office on Kronhusgatan 11  SE-411 05 Gothenburg  Sweden and on the company's website  www.vicorepharma.com  at least three weeks before the general meeting  together with the board of directors' complete proposals. Further  the nomination committee's proposal and motivated statement will be available on the address and website stated above at least four weeks before the general meeting. Copies of the documents will be sent to the shareholders who so requests and informs the company of their postal address.For information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's webpage  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________This is an in-house translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Gothenburg  April 2022Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis information was submitted for publication on 7 April 2022 at 09:00 CET.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Vicore Pharma Holding AB', 'annual general meeting', 'Notice', 'previous annual general meeting', 'Vicore Pharma Holding AB', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'continued general meeting', 'Nina Carlén', 'Such general meeting', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'nina.carlen', 'annual report', 'postal voting', 'voting rights', 'voting register', 'temporary legislation', 'physical presence', 'customary arrangements', 'securities institution', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'Corporate Governance', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'two persons', 'executive management', 'managing director', 'Jacob Gunterberg', 'Heidi Hunter', 'Maarten Kraan', 'Sara Malcus', 'special form', 'advance vote', 'Tuesday 3 May', 'Tuesday 10 May', 'Thursday 5 May', 'one tenth', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'share register', 'one vote', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'treasury shares', 'board members', '11 May', '71,760,293 shares', 'possibility', 'proxy', 'place', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'connection', 'shareholders', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'matters', 'agenda', 'way', 'company', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'intention', 'heading', 'name', 'bank', 'order', 'nominees', 'Section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'vicorepharma', 'Investors', 'notification', 'attendance', 'mail', 'publ', 'Kronhusgatan', 'Gothenburg', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'Number', 'votes', 'notice', 'total', 'Election', 'chairman', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'group', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'remuneration', 'effect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'directors', '9.']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,privataaffarer.se
2416,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@AndreyGodsonn which broker are you using? they might be ill-informed  Euroclear already announced they could be ab… https://t.co/DJuJAgKfp2,nan,@AndreyGodsonn which broker are you using? they might be ill-informed  Euroclear already announced they could be ab… https://t.co/DJuJAgKfp2,negative,0.0,0.02,0.97,negative,0.0,0.02,0.97,True,English,"['broker', 'Euroclear', 'DJuJAgKfp2', 'broker', 'Euroclear', 'DJuJAgKfp2']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2417,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@ruixiang_tan Yes  it seem like Euroclear is blocking the process. Btw  I have shares on LSEI asked also if it mi… https://t.co/KZFjyVPLVM,nan,@ruixiang_tan Yes  it seem like Euroclear is blocking the process. Btw  I have shares on LSEI asked also if it mi… https://t.co/KZFjyVPLVM,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['ruixiang_tan', 'Euroclear', 'process', 'shares', 'LSE', 'KZFjyVPLVM', 'ruixiang_tan', 'Euroclear', 'process', 'shares', 'LSE', 'KZFjyVPLVM']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2418,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,American Express seeks to win over fintechs with card perks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/U8ipbzgqQh #regtech,nan,American Express seeks to win over fintechs with card perks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/U8ipbzgqQh #regtech,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['American Express', 'card perks', 'fintechs', 'U8ipbzgqQh', 'regtech', 'American Express', 'card perks', 'fintechs', 'U8ipbzgqQh', 'regtech']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2419,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@predacle @nexta_tv SWIFT is a fund transfer messaging system  Euroclear is a bond depository and clearing service.… https://t.co/5vBVEVcW6E,nan,@predacle @nexta_tv SWIFT is a fund transfer messaging system  Euroclear is a bond depository and clearing service.… https://t.co/5vBVEVcW6E,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['fund transfer messaging system', 'bond depository', 'clearing service', 'predacle', 'nexta_tv', 'SWIFT', 'Euroclear', 'fund transfer messaging system', 'bond depository', 'clearing service', 'predacle', 'nexta_tv', 'SWIFT', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2420,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@hkuppy @dryrock0 After providing euroclear and JPM notices... https://t.co/57C5gLOxIY,nan,@hkuppy @dryrock0 After providing euroclear and JPM notices... https://t.co/57C5gLOxIY,neutral,0.08,0.73,0.19,neutral,0.08,0.73,0.19,True,English,"['JPM notices', 'hkuppy', 'dryrock0', 'euroclear', '57C5gLOxIY', 'JPM notices', 'hkuppy', 'dryrock0', 'euroclear', '57C5gLOxIY']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2421,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@no_mo_woe @nexta_tv And Euroclear.,nan,@no_mo_woe @nexta_tv And Euroclear.,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['nexta_tv', 'Euroclear', 'nexta_tv', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2422,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear LiquidityDrive  our dedicated #liquidity information service provides you with high qualityand detailed… https://t.co/Ug5efW23GG,nan,Euroclear LiquidityDrive  our dedicated #liquidity information service provides you with high qualityand detailed… https://t.co/Ug5efW23GG,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['dedicated #liquidity information service', 'Euroclear LiquidityDrive', 'high quality', 'Ug5efW23GG', 'dedicated #liquidity information service', 'Euroclear LiquidityDrive', 'high quality', 'Ug5efW23GG']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2423,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@rockeyelephant I tried to talk today  but I can't get through direct chat. They told me that Euroclear still did n… https://t.co/R0sdpMldNJ,nan,@rockeyelephant I tried to talk today  but I can't get through direct chat. They told me that Euroclear still did n… https://t.co/R0sdpMldNJ,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['direct chat', 'rockeyelephant', 'Euroclear', 'R0sdpMldNJ', 'direct chat', 'rockeyelephant', 'Euroclear', 'R0sdpMldNJ']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2424,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Everything seems to be going well. IB still does not allow transfer to MOEX  even though Euroclear published this y… https://t.co/tTXF97ykmA,nan,Everything seems to be going well. IB still does not allow transfer to MOEX  even though Euroclear published this y… https://t.co/tTXF97ykmA,mixed,0.48,0.18,0.34,mixed,0.48,0.18,0.34,True,English,"['Everything', 'IB', 'transfer', 'MOEX', 'Euroclear', 'tTXF97ykmA', 'Everything', 'IB', 'transfer', 'MOEX', 'Euroclear', 'tTXF97ykmA']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2425,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@ruixiang_tan @rdv_analytics euroclear had blocked by closing the books of the depositories  the books are now open… https://t.co/a3y62d4lYA,nan,@ruixiang_tan @rdv_analytics euroclear had blocked by closing the books of the depositories  the books are now open… https://t.co/a3y62d4lYA,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['rdv_analytics euroclear', 'ruixiang_tan', 'books', 'depositories', 'a3y62d4lYA', 'rdv_analytics euroclear', 'ruixiang_tan', 'books', 'depositories', 'a3y62d4lYA']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2426,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@ResGloStocks @rdv_analytics could IB hold regular Russian shares now? I've heard Euroclear still bans the conversion ?,nan,@ResGloStocks @rdv_analytics could IB hold regular Russian shares now? I've heard Euroclear still bans the conversion ?,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,True,English,"['regular Russian shares', 'ResGloStocks', 'rdv_analytics', 'IB', 'Euroclear', 'conversion', 'regular Russian shares', 'ResGloStocks', 'rdv_analytics', 'IB', 'Euroclear', 'conversion']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2427,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.thejournal.ie/readme/ireland-tax-haven-ifsc-5730209-Apr2022/,Opinion: How can Ireland really help Ukraine? Stop bankrolling Russia's oligarchs,Economist Brian O’Boyle says rather than wringing our hands over our neutrality  Ireland could really help Ukraine but cutting off the flow of Russian money through the country.,IN 2018  RESEARCHERS investigating global tax evasion made a shocking discovery. With less than 0.1 per cent of the world’s population  Ireland was the biggest tax haven on the planet in 2015.Thomas Tørsløv and his colleagues made this discovery by highlighting an anomaly in the way profits were being declared in the state. Businesses usually announce profits of between 30 to 40% of their wages  but for Ireland  this figure was closer to 800%.This could only be explained in one of two ways. Either Irish workers were being hired for their superhuman abilities or their employers were funnelling vast profits made by foreign workers through the Irish taxation system. I want to make the case that the second explanation is the correct one.Ireland’s flawed systemSince the 1980s  Ireland has become one of the world’s most important offshore centres with an estimated €100 billion being moved through the state annually for no other reason than to avoid taxation (these are calculations in our book  Tax Haven Ireland). This has helped to enrich 10 to 15 of the world’s most powerful corporations  but there are wider geopolitical implications that stretch far beyond the avoidance of taxation.Offshore centres (OFCs) typically provide three strategic benefits for the owners of capital. Globally  it is estimated that they help corporations to avoid $4 trillion in taxes annually. This is equivalent to the entire German economy and this amount could prevent the deaths of millions of children denied public services as a result.The second key advantage is in the area of regulation. OFCs specialise in undermining the rules that regulate how businesses behave. They have been at the forefront of neoliberal policymaking since the 1980s  undermining workers’ rights and driving a long-term increase in global inequality.AdvertisementThe third key advantage is in the area of secrecy. OFCs specialise in shielding the owners of financial assets from public scrutiny. They help the world’s richest people to avoid control by democratic forces  and in-so-doing  create a grey area of illegality  exploited by those who want to shift resources without proper oversight.The offshore networks used by the corporate elite are also those used by criminal gangs  and in the case of the International Financial Services Centre (IFSC) – by Russian oligarchs.Ireland’s shadow banking systemOver the last decade  an enormous shadow banking system has grown up in Dublin. Ireland’s real economy is currently worth €250 billion  but according to the Central Bank  it has a shadow banking system worth €3.45 trillion – the fifth largest on the planet.‘Shadow banking’ refers to activity that takes place outside the regulatory system operated by the world’s central banks. In the official regime  banks accept financial oversight in return for security from taxpayers’ money. Regulation is meant to target their riskiest operations  and in return  financial organisations can avail of taxpayers’ money  if  and when  they find themselves in trouble.The Blanket Bank Guarantee Scheme is one example of this taxpayer-funded support. Operating in the shadows means none of this applies  however. Shadow banks can lend with much lower reserve requirements; they can trade without the normal regulatory supervision; they can move assets in ways that are incredibly hard to evaluate.This has made them attractive to wealthy investors  including a number of prominent Russian companies. Using Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) known as Section 110 Companies (named after the legislation that enacted them)  Russian investors raised €110 billion through the IFSC in the decade from 2007-2017. This was the second largest source of debt flowing into Russia from international markets and there were a number of characteristics that made these flows suspicious.Research by Cillian Doyle and Jim Stewart of Trinity College in 2020 showed that there were 121 Russian connected conduits (the technical term for shadow companies that act as intermediaries) operating out of the IFSC during the period in question  although many of them took steps to disguise their beneficial owners.More than half (66) were operating under charitable status for example  while a number of prospectus documents assured investors that the owners of the debt would not be disclosed on Clearstream (an important data-sharing website).The brass platesThe vehicles used to borrow this money had no assets or employees and despite the fact that a number of the bonds were never repaid  there were few reports of litigation.It is strange that creditors never took their debtors to court when they were not repaid  and for this reason  Doyle and Stewart hypothesise that much of this money is involved in a process known as ‘Round Tripping’.This refers to money moved out of Russia through clandestine routes only to be moved back in again as foreign direct investment. This further suggests that the people making the loans were also those receiving the money  often to avail of stronger property rights in the west  but sometimes for more nefarious reasons.The report found that seven firms connected with 13 conduits were identified by the Russian Central Bank as being subject to insider trading and market manipulation  while a number of the prospectus documents recognised that funds raised by conduits in the IFSC could be used for money laundering further down the chain.In other words  it is possible that conduits that were fully compliant under Irish law were being used by cross-border criminal organisations that took advantage of the lax regulation that was provided. There is also evidence that firms using Irish SPVs were able to evade NATO-based sanctions.SanctionsOne of Russia’s most important energy companies  Rosneft  was placed on a sanctions list following the annexation of Crimea in 2014 for example  but within a month the company had begun to funnel billions into its Russian operation using CBOM Finance Plc – a company operating out of the IFSC.The Irish government officially supports western sanctions and yet they were willing to tolerate clandestine flows back into Russia  presumably as collateral damage in support of their wider financial objectives.Doyle and Stewart list six Russian companies that were sanctioned by the Western powers and yet continued to raise money through Dublin. They also list six Russian banks with conduits based in the IFSC that provided finance for companies directly financing Russian military expenditure.#Open journalism No news is bad news Support The Journal Your contributions will help us continue to deliver the stories that are important to you Support us nowSource: Brian O'BoyleThere is no suggestion that Dublin based SPVs lent directly to the Russian military  but they did funnel money to banks that lent to the Russian forces. In the wake of Putin’s invasion of Ukraine  the West has imposed biting sanctions on the Russian economy. The most serious have involved freezing the foreign assets of the Russian Central Bank in a bid to collapse the rouble.This is an extremely blunt instrument that will destroy the lives of ordinary Russians and  in this context  it is worth underlining that the western powers have not yet frozen all of the Russian assets in the western shadow banks.Establishment voices are increasingly belligerent in their attempt to use the invasion of Ukraine to undermine Ireland’s neutrality. What they won’t tell the public  however  is that the most effective thing that the government could do is to put itself on the side of peace and dismantle the shadow banking system that has helped to enrich US capitalists and Russian oligarchs alike.Brian O’Boyle lectures in economics at St Angela College  National University of Ireland  Galway. He has published widely on the global economy and is the co-author of Austerity Ireland. His new book  Tax Haven Ireland  co-authored with Kieran Allen  Senior Lecturer in Sociology at University College Dublin is out now.,mixed,0.41,0.26,0.33,mixed,0.04,0.13,0.83,True,English,"['Opinion', 'Ireland', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'oligarchs', 'The Blanket Bank Guarantee Scheme', 'Thomas Tørsløv', 'International Financial Services Centre', 'enormous shadow banking system', 'The brass plates', 'biggest tax haven', 'wider geopolitical implications', 'three strategic benefits', 'third key advantage', 'lower reserve requirements', 'important data-sharing website', 'second key advantage', 'second largest source', 'global tax evasion', 'entire German economy', 'normal regulatory supervision', '121 Russian connected conduits', 'foreign direct investment', 'stronger property rights', 'Special Purpose Vehicles', 'important offshore centres', 'prominent Russian companies', 'Tax Haven Ireland', 'Irish taxation system', 'Central Bank', 'regulatory system', 'public services', 'international markets', 'flawed system', 'second explanation', 'Irish workers', 'foreign workers', 'workers’ rights', 'global inequality', 'Russian oligarchs', 'real economy', 'financial oversight', 'financial organisations', 'offshore networks', 'Shadow banks', 'Russian investors', '0.1 per cent', 'superhuman abilities', 'correct one', 'neoliberal policymaking', 'long-term increase', 'public scrutiny', 'democratic forces', 'proper oversight', 'corporate elite', 'criminal gangs', 'official regime', 'riskiest operations', 'taxpayer-funded support', 'Section 110 Companies', 'Trinity College', 'technical term', 'charitable status', 'prospectus documents', 'Round Tripping', 'clandestine routes', 'financial assets', 'wealthy investors', 'shocking discovery', 'two ways', 'other reason', 'powerful corporations', 'richest people', 'last decade', 'one example', 'Cillian Doyle', 'Jim Stewart', 'vast profits', 'grey area', 'taxpayers’ money', 'beneficial owners', 'RESEARCHERS', 'less', 'world', 'population', 'planet', 'colleagues', 'anomaly', 'state', 'Businesses', 'wages', 'figure', 'employers', 'case', '1980s', 'calculations', 'book', 'avoidance', 'OFCs', 'capital', 'taxes', 'amount', 'deaths', 'millions', 'children', 'result', 'regulation', 'rules', 'forefront', 'Advertisement', 'secrecy', 'control', 'illegality', 'resources', 'IFSC', 'Dublin', 'activity', 'place', 'return', 'security', 'trouble', 'shadows', 'none', 'number', 'SPVs', 'legislation', 'debt', 'characteristics', 'flows', 'intermediaries', 'period', 'question', 'steps', 'More', 'half', 'Clearstream', 'employees', 'fact', 'bonds', 'reports', 'litigation', 'creditors', 'court', 'process', 'loans', 'avail', 'west']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,thejournal.ie
2428,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.bloomingprairieonline.com/self-expanding-stents-market-size-growth-drivers-and-forecast/,Leading Players – Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  Andramed  Balton  Biotronik  Braile  Clearstream  Cordis  ELLA-CS – Bloomingprairieonline,1 day ago,New Jersey  United States – The research study on the Self Expanding Stents Market offers you detailed and accurate analyzes to strengthen your position in the market. It provides the latest updates and powerful insights into the Self Expanding Stents industry to help you improve your business tactics and ensure strong revenue growth for years to come. It sheds light on current and future market scenarios and helps you understand the competitive dynamics of the Self Expanding Stents market. The market segmentation analysis offered in the research study demonstrates how different product segments  applications  and regions are performing in the Self Expanding Stents market.The report includes verified and revalidated market figures such as CAGR  gross margin  revenue  price  production growth rate  volume  value  market share  and Y-o-Y growth. We have used the latest primary and secondary research techniques to compile this comprehensive Self Expanding Stents market report. As part of the regional analysis  we explored key markets such as North America  Europe  India  China  Japan  MEA  and others. Leading companies are profiled based on various factors including markets served  production  revenue  market share  recent developments  and gross margin. There is a dedicated section on market dynamics that thoroughly analyzes the drivers  restraints  opportunities  influencers  challenges  and trends.Get Full PDF Sample Copy of Report: (Including Full TOC  List of Tables & Figures  Chart) @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/download-sample/?rid=560642The report provides an excellent overview of the main macroeconomic factors having a significant impact on the growth of the Self Expanding Stents market. It also provides the absolute dollar opportunity analysis which can be crucial in identifying revenue generation and sales increasing opportunities in the Self Expanding Stents market. Market players can use the qualitative and quantitative analysis provided in the report to get a good understanding of the Self Expanding Stents market and make strong strides in the industry in terms of growth. The overall Self Expanding Stents market size and that of each segment studied in the report are accurately calculated based on various factors.Key Players Mentioned in the Self Expanding Stents Market Research Report:Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  Andramed  Balton  Biotronik  Braile  Clearstream  Cordis  ELLA-CS  Endo-Flex  Endocor  Eucatech  HEXACATH  InSitu  iVascular  Medinol  MicroVention  Pauldrach  Phenox  Rontis  StentysSelf Expanding Stents Market Segmentation:By the product type  the market is primarily split into:• Mental• PlasticBy the application  this report covers the following segments:• Peripheral Nervous System• Digestive System• Artery• Respiratory SystemIn this report  researchers focused on social media sentiment analysis and consumer sentiment analysis. For the social media sentiment analysis  they focused on trending topics  mentions on social media platforms including the percentage of mentions  trending brands  and consumer perception of products on social media platforms including negative and positive mentions. As part of the consumer sentiment analysis  they examined the impact of certifications  claims  and labels  factors influencing consumer preferences  key trends  consumer preferences including the futuristic approach and historical scenarios  influential social and economic factors  specification development  and consumers. buying habits.Get a Discount On The Purchase Of This Report @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/ask-for-discount/?rid=560642Self Expanding Stents Market Report ScopeATTRIBUTES DETAILS ESTIMATED YEAR 2022 BASE YEAR 2021 FORECAST YEAR 2029 HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 UNIT Value (USD Million/Billion) SEGMENTS COVERED Types  Applications  End-Users  and more. REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast  Company Ranking  Competitive Landscape  Growth Factors  and Trends BY REGION North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  Latin America  Middle East and Africa CUSTOMIZATION SCOPE Free report customization (equivalent up to 4 analysts working days) with purchase. Addition or alteration to country  regional & segment scope.Geographic Segment Covered in the Report:The Self Expanding Stents report provides information about the market area  which is further subdivided into sub-regions and countries/regions. In addition to the market share in each country and sub-region  this chapter of this report also contains information on profit opportunities. This chapter of the report mentions the market share and growth rate of each region  country  and sub-region during the estimated period.• North America (USA and Canada)• Europe (UK  Germany  France and the rest of Europe)• Asia Pacific (China  Japan  India  and the rest of the Asia Pacific region)• Latin America (Brazil  Mexico  and the rest of Latin America)• Middle East and Africa (GCC and rest of the Middle East and Africa)Key questions answered in the report:1. Which are the five top players in the Self Expanding Stents market?2. How will the Self Expanding Stents market change in the next five years?3. Which product and application will take a lion’s share of the Self Expanding Stents market?4. What are the drivers and restraints of the Self Expanding Stents market?5. Which regional market will show the highest growth?6. What will be the CAGR and size of the Self Expanding Stents market throughout the forecast period?For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/product/self-expanding-stents-market-size-and-forecast/Visualize Self Expanding Stents Market using Verified Market Intelligence:-Verified Market Intelligence is our BI-enabled platform for narrative storytelling of this market. VMI offers in-depth forecasted trends and accurate Insights on over 20 000+ emerging & niche markets  helping you make critical revenue-impacting decisions for a brilliant future.VMI provides a holistic overview and global competitive landscape with respect to Region  Country  and Segment  and Key players of your market. Present your Market Report & findings with an inbuilt presentation feature saving over 70% of your time and resources for Investor  Sales & Marketing  R&D  and Product Development pitches. VMI enables data delivery In Excel and Interactive PDF formats with over 15+ Key Market Indicators for your market.Visualize Self Expanding Stents Market using VMI @ https://www.verifiedmarketresearch.com/vmintelligence/Top Trending ReportsGlobal Conductive Rubber Market Size And ForecastGlobal Self Expanding Stents Market Size And ForecastGlobal Vaccine Vial Market Size And ForecastGlobal Rocuronium Bromide Market Size And ForecastGlobal 6-Aminopenicillanic Acid(6-APA) Market Size And ForecastGlobal C/C Composite Market Size And ForecastGlobal Potassium Tert-butoxide Market Size And ForecastGlobal Sulfadimethoxine(SDM) Market Size And ForecastGlobal Lacquer Thinner Market Size And ForecastGlobal Kieselguhr Market Size And ForecastAbout Us: Verified Market ReportsVerified Market Reports is a leading Global Research and Consulting firm servicing over 5000+ global clients. We provide advanced analytical research solutions while offering information-enriched research studies.We also offer insights into strategic and growth analyses and data necessary to achieve corporate goals and critical revenue decisions.Our 250 Analysts and SME’s offer a high level of expertise in data collection and governance using industrial techniques to collect and analyze data on more than 25 000 high-impact and niche markets. Our analysts are trained to combine modern data collection techniques  superior research methodology  expertise  and years of collective experience to produce informative and accurate research.Our research spans over a multitude of industries including Energy  Technology  Manufacturing and Construction  Chemicals and Materials  Food and Beverages etc. Having serviced many Fortune 2000 organizations  we bring a rich and reliable experience that covers all kinds of research needs.Contact us:Mr. Edwyne FernandesUS: +1 (650)-781-4080UK: +44 (753)-715-0008APAC: +61 (488)-85-9400US Toll-Free: +1 (800)-782-1768Email: sales@verifiedmarketreports.comWebsite: – https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Leading Players', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Braile', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Bloomingprairieonline', 'overall Self Expanding Stents market size', 'Africa CUSTOMIZATION SCOPE Free report customization', 'comprehensive Self Expanding Stents market report', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Report Scope', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Research Report', 'The Self Expanding Stents report', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Segmentation', 'BASE YEAR 2021 FORECAST YEAR', 'absolute dollar opportunity analysis', 'Full PDF Sample Copy', 'HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 UNIT Value', 'social media sentiment analysis', 'REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast', 'Expanding Stents industry', 'market segmentation analysis', 'social media platforms', 'secondary research techniques', 'consumer sentiment analysis', 'future market scenarios', 'SEGMENTS COVERED Types', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'five top players', 'different product segments', 'main macroeconomic factors', 'sales increasing opportunities', 'Asia Pacific region', 'REGION North America', 'strong revenue growth', 'production growth rate', 'segment scope', 'Market players', 'historical scenarios', 'market share', 'market dynamics', 'market area', 'research study', 'influential social', 'quantitative analysis', 'Full TOC', 'market figures', 'following segments', 'regional analysis', 'strong strides', 'product type', 'consumer perception', 'consumer preferences', 'Key Players', 'Digestive System', 'Respiratory System', 'revenue generation', 'Latin America', 'New Jersey', 'United States', 'accurate analyzes', 'latest updates', 'powerful insights', 'business tactics', 'competitive dynamics', 'gross margin', 'Y-o-Y growth', 'latest primary', 'Leading companies', 'various factors', 'recent developments', 'dedicated section', 'excellent overview', 'good understanding', 'trending topics', 'trending brands', 'futuristic approach', 'specification development', 'ATTRIBUTES DETAILS', 'Company Ranking', 'Competitive Landscape', 'Growth Factors', 'Middle East', 'profit opportunities', 'Key questions', 'Geographic Segment', 'key markets', 'significant impact', 'positive mentions', 'key trends', 'detailed', 'position', 'years', 'light', 'current', 'applications', 'regions', 'CAGR', 'price', 'volume', 'part', 'Europe', 'India', 'China', 'Japan', 'MEA', 'others', 'drivers', 'restraints', 'influencers', 'challenges', 'List', 'Tables', 'Chart', 'verifiedmarketreports', 'qualitative', 'terms', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Braile', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'InSitu', 'iVascular', 'Medinol', 'MicroVention', 'Pauldrach', 'Phenox', 'Rontis', 'Stentys', 'Mental', 'Plastic', 'Artery', 'researchers', 'percentage', 'products', 'negative', 'certifications', 'claims', 'labels', 'consumers', 'habits', 'Discount', 'Purchase', 'USD', 'Billion', 'End-Users', '4 analysts', 'Addition', 'alteration', 'information', 'country', 'sub-region', 'chapter', 'period', 'USA', 'Canada', 'UK', 'Germany', 'France', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'GCC']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,bloomingprairieonline.com
2429,Clearstream,Google API,https://elinformadorqr.com/self-expanding-stents-market-by-top-key-players-abbott-clearstream-andramed-aesculap-braile-etc/,Abbott  Clearstream  Andramed  Aesculap  Braile  etc. – Elinformadorqr.com,9 hours ago,Get Sample Report Buy Complete ReportThe research team projects that the Self Expanding Stents market size will grow from XXX in 2022 to XXX by 2028  at an estimated CAGR of XX. The base year considered for the study is 2021  and the market size is projected from 2022 to 2028.The prime objective of this report is to help the user understand the market in terms of its definition  segmentation  market potential  influential trends  and the challenges that the market is facing with 10 major regions and 50 major countries. Deep researches and analysis were done during the preparation of the report. The readers will find this report very helpful in understanding the market in depth. The data and the information regarding the market are taken from reliable sources such as websites  annual reports of the companies  journals  and others and were checked and validated by the industry experts. The facts and data are represented in the report using diagrams  graphs  pie charts  and other pictorial representations. This enhances the visual representation and also helps in understanding the facts much better.Download Free PDF Sample Report with Complete TOC and Figures & Graphs (Covid 19 Impact Analysis): https://www.reportspublisher.com/report/Self-Expanding-Stents-Market/request-sampleBy Market Players:AbbottClearstreamAndramedAesculapBraileStrykerELLA-CSBiotronikBaltonCordisInSituMicroVentionEndo-FlexPhenoxiVascularHEXACATHEndocorPauldrachMedinolEucatechRontisStentysBy TypeMentalPlasticBy ApplicationPeripheral Nervous SystemDigestive SystemArteryRespiratory SystemGet Exclusive Discount on this report: https://www.reportspublisher.com/report/Self-Expanding-Stents-Market/request-customizationBy Regions/Countries:North AmericaUnited StatesCanadaMexicoEast AsiaChinaJapanSouth KoreaEuropeGermanyUnited KingdomFranceItalyRussiaSpainNetherlandsSwitzerlandPolandSouth AsiaIndiaPakistanBangladeshSoutheast AsiaIndonesiaThailandSingaporeMalaysiaPhilippinesVietnamMyanmarMiddle EastTurkeySaudi ArabiaIranUnited Arab EmiratesIsraelIraqQatarKuwaitOmanAfricaNigeriaSouth AfricaEgyptAlgeriaMorocooOceaniaAustraliaNew ZealandSouth AmericaBrazilArgentinaColombiaChileVenezuelaPeruPuerto RicoEcuadorRest of the WorldKazakhstanPoints Covered in The ReportThe points that are discussed within the report are the major market players that are involved in the market such as market players  raw material suppliers  equipment suppliers  end users  traders  distributors and etc.The complete profile of the companies is mentioned. And the capacity  production  price  revenue  cost  gross  gross margin  sales volume  sales revenue  consumption  growth rate  import  export  supply  future strategies  and the technological developments that they are making are also included within the report. This report analyzed 12 years data history and forecast.The growth factors of the market is discussed in detail wherein the different end users of the market are explained in detail.Data and information by market player  by region  by type  by application and etc  and custom research can be added according to specific requirements.The report contains the SWOT analysis of the market. Finally  the report contains the conclusion part where the opinions of the industrial experts are included.Inquiry Before Buying: https://www.reportspublisher.com/report/Self-Expanding-Stents-Market/request-sampleKey Reasons to PurchaseTo gain insightful analyses of the market and have comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape.Assess the production processes  major issues  and solutions to mitigate the development risk.To understand the most affecting driving and restraining forces in the market and its impact in the global market.Learn about the market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations.To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market.Besides the standard structure reports  we also provide custom research according to specific requirements.The report focuses on Global  Top 10 Regions and Top 50 Countries Market Size of Self Expanding Stents 2018-2022  and development forecast 2022-2028 including industries  major players/suppliers worldwide and market share by regions  with company and product introduction  position in the market including their market status and development trend by types and applications which will provide its price and profit status  and marketing status & market growth drivers and challenges  with base year as 2021.Key Benefits of the Report:This study presents the analytical depiction of the global Self Expanding Stents Market along with the current trends and future estimations to determine the imminent investment pockets.The report presents information related to key drivers  restraints  and opportunities along with a detailed analysis of the global Self Expanding Stents Market share.The current market is quantitatively analyzed from 2022 to 2028 to highlight the global Self Expanding Stents Market growth scenario.Porter’s five forces analysis illustrates the potency of buyers & suppliers in the market.The report provides detailed global Self Expanding Stents Market analysis based on competitive intensity and how the competition will take shape in the coming years.You can buy the complete report @ https://www.reportspublisher.com/checkout?report=RP-30980&type=singleKey Indicators AnalysedMarket Players & Competitor Analysis: The report covers the key players of the industry including Company Profile  Product Specifications  Production Capacity/Sales  Revenue  Price and Gross Margin 2018-2022 & Sales by Product Types.Global and Regional Market Analysis: The report includes Global & Regional market status and outlook 2022-2028. Further the report provides break down details about each region & countries covered in the report. Identifying its production  consumption  import & export  sales volume & revenue forecast.Market Analysis by Product Type: The report covers majority Product Types in the Self Expanding Stents Industry  including its product specifcations by each key player  volume  sales by Volume and Value (M USD).Markat Analysis by Application Type: Based on the Self Expanding Stents Industry and its applications  the market is further sub-segmented into several major Application of its industry. It provides you with the market size  CAGR & forecast by each industry applications.Market Trends: Market key trends which include Increased Competition and Continuous Innovations.Opportunities and Drivers: Identifying the Growing Demands and New TechnologyPorters Five Force Analysis: The report will provide with the state of competition in industry depending on five basic forces: threat of new entrants  bargaining power of suppliers  bargaining power of buyers  threat of substitute products or services  and existing industry rivalry.Key Answers Questions such as:1. What is the market size and forecast of the Self Expanding Stents Market?2. What are the inhibiting factors and impact of COVID-19 shaping the Self Expanding Stents Market during the forecast period?3. Which are the products/segments/applications/areas to invest in over the forecast period in the Self Expanding Stents Market?4. What is the competitive strategic window for opportunities in the Self Expanding Stents Market?5. What are the technology trends and regulatory frameworks in the Self Expanding Stents Market?6. What is the market share of the leading vendors in the Self Expanding Stents Market?7.What modes and strategic moves are considered suitable for entering the Self Expanding Stents Market?COVID-19 ImpactReport covers Impact of Coronavirus COVID-19: Since the COVID-19 virus outbreak in December 2019  the disease has spread to almost every country around the globe with the World Health Organization declaring it a public health emergency. The global impacts of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) are already starting to be felt  and will significantly affect the Self Expanding Stents market in 2021. The outbreak of COVID-19 has brought effects on many aspects  like flight cancellations; travel bans and quarantines; restaurants closed; all indoor/outdoor events restricted; over forty countries state of emergency declared; massive slowing of the supply chain; stock market volatility; falling business confidence  growing panic among the population  and uncertainty about future.Customize Your ReportDon’t miss out on the opportunity to speak to our analyst and know more insights about this market report. Our analysts can also help you customize this report according to your needs. Our analysts and industry experts will work directly with you to understand your requirements and provide you with customized data in a short amount of time.Request Customization: https://www.reportspublisher.com/report/Self-Expanding-Stents-Market/request-customizationAbout Us:REPORTS PUBLISHER is a market research and consultative company that provides market research reports and business insights to large and small & medium enterprises. The company supports its clients to conceive business policies and accomplish sustainable growth in their particular market domain.We meet clients’ objectives  commitment and dedication on high standard and targeting possible prospects for market research reports.We value how imperative surveying statistical information is for your business or association. As a result  we are linked with the top publishers & research firms all dedicated in specific domains  ensuring you will receive the most consistent and up to date research data available.Contact Us:REPORTS PUBLISHERAlex Parker | Head of Business DevelopmentEmail: [email protected]Website: https://www.reportspublisher.com/,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.17,0.28,True,English,"['Abbott', 'Clearstream', 'Andramed', 'Aesculap', 'Braile', 'Elinformadorqr', 'Self Expanding Stents market size', 'global Self Expanding Stents Market', 'Iran United Arab Emirates', 'Top 50 Countries Market Size', 'Free PDF Sample Report', 'other pictorial representations', 'Aesculap Braile Stryker', 'Biotronik Balton Cordis', 'Germany United Kingdom', 'leading respective organizations', 'imminent investment pockets', 'Global, Top 10 Regions', 'standard structure reports', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'South Korea Europe', 'raw material suppliers', 'different end users', '12 years data history', 'Covid 19 Impact Analysis', 'market growth drivers', 'major market players', 'global market', 'United States', '50 major countries', 'annual reports', 'key drivers', 'major players', 'Digestive System', 'Respiratory System', 'growth rate', 'growth factors', 'South Asia', 'South America', '10 major regions', 'major issues', 'research team', 'base year', 'prime objective', 'influential trends', 'Deep researches', 'reliable sources', 'industry experts', 'pie charts', 'visual representation', 'Complete TOC', 'Clearstream Andramed', 'Phenox iVascular', 'Eucatech Rontis', 'Exclusive Discount', 'North America', 'East Asia', 'Spain Netherlands', 'Malaysia Philippines', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Morocoo Oceania', 'New Zealand', 'Puerto Rico', 'equipment suppliers', 'complete profile', 'sales volume', 'future strategies', 'technological developments', 'custom research', 'specific requirements', 'SWOT analysis', 'conclusion part', 'industrial experts', 'Key Reasons', 'insightful analyses', 'comprehensive understanding', 'commercial landscape', 'affecting driving', 'restraining forces', 'market strategies', 'future outlook', 'market share', 'product introduction', 'market status', 'profit status', 'marketing status', 'Key Benefits', 'analytical depiction', 'current trends', 'future estimations', 'detailed analysis', 'South Africa', 'development risk', 'development trend', 'Type Mental', 'gross margin', 'sales revenue', 'production processes', 'Complete Report', 'CAGR', 'XX', 'study', 'terms', 'definition', 'segmentation', 'potential', 'challenges', 'preparation', 'readers', 'depth', 'information', 'websites', 'companies', 'journals', 'others', 'facts', 'diagrams', 'graphs', 'Figures', 'reportspublisher', 'Self-Expanding-Stents-Market', 'request', 'Abbott', 'ELLA-CS', 'InSitu', 'MicroVention', 'Endo-Flex', 'HEXACATH', 'Endocor', 'Pauldrach', 'Medinol', 'Stentys', 'Plastic', 'Application', 'Artery', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'China', 'Japan', 'France', 'Italy', 'Russia', 'Switzerland', 'Poland', 'India', 'Pakistan', 'Bangladesh', 'Indonesia', 'Thailand', 'Singapore', 'Vietnam', 'Myanmar', 'Turkey', 'Israel', 'Iraq', 'Qatar', 'Kuwait', 'Oman', 'Nigeria', 'Egypt', 'Algeria', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', 'Chile', 'Venezuela', 'Peru', 'Ecuador', 'World', 'Kazakhstan', 'points', 'traders', 'distributors', 'capacity', 'price', 'cost', 'consumption', 'import', 'export', 'supply', 'forecast', 'opinions', 'Inquiry', 'solutions', 'prospects', 'industries', 'company', 'position', 'types', 'restraints', 'opportunities']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,elinformadorqr.com
2430,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.bloomingprairieonline.com/global-self-expanding-stents-market-2022-industry-dynamics-segmentation-and-competition-analysis-2028/,Global Self-Expanding Stents Market 2022 Industry Dynamics  Segmentation and Competition Analysis 2028 – Bloomingprairieonline,7 hours ago,The Global Self-Expanding Stents Market from 2022 to 2028 study focuses on the analysis of current market trends across the world. The intention of Market Research Place is to give customers with a comprehensive perspective of the market and to help them in growing increase strategies.Furthermore  the report offers thorough studies into the regional improvements of the marketplace  influencing its improvement throughout the forecast length from 2022 to 2028.DOWNLOAD FREE SAMPLE REPORT: https://www.marketresearchplace.com/report-detail/204249/request-sampleThe report examines the global Self-Expanding Stents market in depth  as well as shedding light on anticipated future developments that might have a significant impact on market growth. The survey considers a large number of producers  withAbbottAesculapStrykerAndramedBaltonBoston ScientificB. BraunCook MedicalTerumo EuropeBiotronikBraileClearstreamCordisELLA-CSEndo-FlexEndocorEucatechHEXACATHInSituiVascularMedinolMicroVentionPauldrachPhenoxRontisStentysProduct offers  revenue analysis  production capacities  gross margins  and a variety of other significant aspects that affect a company’s profitability in the market are also included. The product is classified intoMetallicNo-metallicGeographically  the following regions  as well as the national/local markets indicated below  are thoroughly examined:North America (United States  Canada and Mexico)Europe (Germany  France  United Kingdom  Russia  Italy  and Rest of Europe)Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  Southeast Asia  and Australia)South America (Brazil  Argentina  Colombia  and Rest of South America)Middle East & Africa (Saudi Arabia  UAE  Egypt  South Africa  and Rest of Middle East & Africa)The study gives a comprehensive overview of the present market environment  as well as a wealth of information on the overall important trends  risks  and challenges that appear to have a significant impact on revenue generation in the industry. Market segmentation based on application:Peripheral Nervous SystemDigestive SystemArteryRespiratory SystemUrologicalACCESS FULL REPORT: https://www.marketresearchplace.com/report/global-self-expanding-stents-market-research-report-2021-2027-204249.htmlKey Features of Global Self-Expanding Stents Market Report:Rate of growthRegional splinteringProduction valueWorldwide Market Reports MethodologyMarket share  trends  and sizeIndustry propellantsCustomization of the Report:This report can be customized to meet the client’s requirements. Please connect with our sales team (sales@marketresearchplace.com)  who will ensure that you get a report that suits your needs. You can also get in touch with our executives on 1-201-465-4211 to share your research requirements.Contact UsMark StoneHead of Business DevelopmentPhone: 1-201-465-4211Email: sales@marketresearchplace.comWeb: www.marketresearchplace.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.75,0.2,0.05,True,English,"['Global Self-Expanding Stents Market', 'Industry Dynamics', 'Competition Analysis', 'Segmentation', 'Bloomingprairieonline', 'Boston Scientific B. Braun Cook Medical', 'The Global Self-Expanding Stents Market', 'Global Self-Expanding Stents Market Report', 'Aesculap Stryker Andramed Balton', 'Worldwide Market Reports Methodology', 'DOWNLOAD FREE SAMPLE REPORT', 'growing increase strategies', 'present market environment', 'Market Research Place', 'other significant aspects', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'current market trends', 'Market segmentation', 'Market share', 'market growth', 'significant impact', 'Digestive System', 'Respiratory System', 'comprehensive perspective', 'thorough studies', 'regional improvements', 'forecast length', 'future developments', 'large number', 'Biotronik Braile', 'InSitu iVascular', 'MicroVention Pauldrach', 'Phenox Rontis', 'production capacities', 'gross margins', 'following regions', 'national/local markets', 'North America', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'Southeast Asia', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'comprehensive overview', 'important trends', 'revenue generation', 'Key Features', 'Regional splintering', 'Production value', 'research requirements', 'Contact Us', 'Mark Stone', 'Business Development', 'FULL REPORT', 'Product offers', 'revenue analysis', 'Industry propellants', 'sales team', 'Terumo Europe', 'South Africa', '2028 study', 'intention', 'customers', 'marketplace', 'marketresearchplace', 'detail', 'request', 'depth', 'light', 'survey', 'producers', 'Abbott', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'Medinol', 'Stentys', 'variety', 'company', 'profitability', 'Metallic', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Germany', 'France', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'Rest', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'India', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', 'UAE', 'Egypt', 'wealth', 'information', 'overall', 'risks', 'challenges', 'application', 'Artery', 'Urological', 'ACCESS', 'market-research-report', 'size', 'Customization', 'client', 'needs', 'touch', 'executives', 'Head', 'Phone', 'Email', 'Web', '2022']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,bloomingprairieonline.com
2431,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.bloomingprairieonline.com/global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-2022-swot-analysis-by-top-key-vendors-demand-and-forecast-research-till-2028/,Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market 2022: SWOT Analysis by Top Key Vendors  Demand and Forecast Research till 2028 – Bloomingprairieonline,7 hours ago,According to Market Research Place latest discussion paper  the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market is predicted to grow significantly from 2022 to 2028. The sampling methodologies used in this study can help decision-makers identify which target markets and regions are expected to grow quicker  market characteristics that influence the market  and significant prospective areas. Using both primary and secondary research approaches  we researched the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market from every viewpoint.The study also looks at key players  extensive partnerships  investment banking  as well as trending creativity  and corporate strategies.DOWNLOAD FREE SAMPLE REPORT: https://www.marketresearchplace.com/report-detail/204506/request-sampleThe market segmentation of Peripheral Vascular Devices based onPeripheral vascular stentsPTA balloon catheterEmbolic protection deviceAortic stent graftSurgical artificial transplantThe major market players areMedtronic  Inc.Jotec GmbHTerumo CorporationAngiomed GmbH ?Co. Medizintechnik KGBolton Medical  Inc.Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises LimitedAesculap AGWilliam?Cook?Europe?ApSENDOLOGIX  Inc.ClearStream Technologies Ltd.BioteqBoston Scientific CorporationMicroportcurative medical devices gmbhLepuThe study also includes the competitive landscape of major industry players  as well as market dynamics in development.The market segmentation of Peripheral Vascular Devices based onThe treatment of peripheral blood vessels damagedThe treatment of peripheral blood vessels blockageThis allowed us to better understand real-world market variables like supply-demand instabilities  pricing patterns  purchase behavior  and market trends  among others. Exploratory data with industry specialists and decision-makers throughout the world helped to strengthen the insights.Market segmentation by region:North America (United States  Canada and Mexico)Europe (Germany  France  United Kingdom  Russia  Italy  and Rest of Europe)Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  Southeast Asia  and Australia)South America (Brazil  Argentina  Colombia  and Rest of South America)Middle East & Africa (Saudi Arabia  UAE  Egypt  South Africa  and Rest of Middle East & Africa)ACCESS FULL REPORT: https://www.marketresearchplace.com/report/global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-research-report-2021-2027-204506.htmlThe following are the key benefits for participants and stakeholders in the industry:The market’s performance is examined objectively.Market size in terms of value  historical  current  and forecastRecent trends and breakthroughs in the businessA comprehensive examination of the Peripheral Vascular Devices MarketCustomization of the Report:This report can be customized to meet the client’s requirements. Please connect with our sales team (sales@marketresearchplace.com)  who will ensure that you get a report that suits your needs. You can also get in touch with our executives on 1-201-465-4211 to share your research requirements.Contact UsMark StoneHead of Business DevelopmentPhone: 1-201-465-4211Email: sales@marketresearchplace.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.08,0.46,True,English,"['Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Top Key Vendors', 'SWOT Analysis', 'Forecast Research', 'Demand', 'Bloomingprairieonline', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'curative medical devices gmbh Lepu', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'peripheral blood vessels blockage', 'DOWNLOAD FREE SAMPLE REPORT', 'Peripheral vascular stents', 'latest discussion paper', 'significant prospective areas', 'PTA balloon catheter', 'Embolic protection device', 'Aortic stent graft', 'Surgical artificial transplant', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd', 'secondary research approaches', 'quicker, market characteristics', 'real-world market variables', 'Boston Scientific Corporation', 'Market Research Place', 'major market players', 'major industry players', 'ACCESS FULL REPORT', 'Bolton Medical', 'Jotec GmbH', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'key players', 'market segmentation', 'market dynamics', 'market trends', 'Market size', 'Terumo Corporation', 'research requirements', 'sampling methodologies', 'target markets', 'extensive partnerships', 'investment banking', 'trending creativity', 'corporate strategies', 'Aesculap AG', 'competitive landscape', 'supply-demand instabilities', 'pricing patterns', 'purchase behavior', 'Exploratory data', 'industry specialists', 'North America', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'Southeast Asia', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'key benefits', 'Recent trends', 'comprehensive examination', 'Contact Us', 'Mark Stone', 'sales team', 'South Africa', 'Business Development', 'study', 'decision-makers', 'regions', 'primary', 'viewpoint', 'marketresearchplace', 'detail', 'request-sample', 'Medtronic', 'William', 'Cook', 'Europe', 'ApS', 'ENDOLOGIX', 'Bioteq', 'Microport', 'treatment', 'others', 'insights', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Germany', 'France', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'Rest', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'India', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', 'UAE', 'Egypt', 'global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-research', 'participants', 'stakeholders', 'performance', 'terms', 'value', 'historical', 'forecast', 'breakthroughs', 'Customization', 'client', 'needs', 'touch', 'executives', 'Head', 'Phone', 'Email']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,bloomingprairieonline.com
2432,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.bloombergquint.com/onweb/deutsche-boerse-s-clearstream-sued-by-defunct-bank-over-cum-ex,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream Sued by Defunct Bank Over Tax Scandal,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for about 27 million euros ($29 million) by the administrator of defunct Maple Bank in a lawsuit linked to the Cum-Ex tax scandal.,Maple Bank was raided by prosecutors in 2015 as one of the multiple probes into a massive tax scam that sparked outrage in Germany. A year later  the nation’s financial regulator Bafin closed the bank because it couldn’t shoulder the bill levied by tax authorities  which asked for the return of money Maple made with Cum-Ex. The Canadian parent company went into liquidation in 2016.,negative,0.02,0.11,0.87,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Defunct Bank', 'Tax Scandal', 'Clearstream', 'The Canadian parent company', 'massive tax scam', 'tax authorities', 'multiple probes', 'financial regulator', 'Maple Bank', 'prosecutors', 'outrage', 'Germany', 'nation', 'Bafin', 'bill', 'return', 'money', 'Cum-Ex.', 'liquidation']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,bloombergquint.com
2433,Clearstream,Bing API,https://news.bloomberglaw.com/banking-law/russias-nsd-asks-clearing-houses-to-disclose-clients-holdings,Russia’s NSD Asks Clearing Houses to Disclose Clients’ Holdings,In a letter seen by Bloomberg dated March 28  the NSD -- Russia’s domestic clearing agent -- requested that Clearstream Banking SA contact clients about the possibility of disclosing positions in Russian securities. The NSD said it’s seeking to enable ...,The world’s largest clearing houses have been asked to share client information with Russia’s National Settlement Depository to facilitate bond payments.In a letter seen by Bloomberg dated March 28  the NSD -- Russia’s domestic clearing agent -- requested that Clearstream Banking SA contact clients about the possibility of disclosing positions in Russian securities. The NSD said it’s seeking to enable bond issuers to fulfill their obligations with foreign creditors in accordance with a March 5 decree requiring some international investors to receive payments in Russia-based accounts. Euroclear Bank SA has received a similar letter  according to a person familiar ...,neutral,0.02,0.58,0.4,neutral,0.02,0.68,0.3,True,English,"['Clearing Houses', 'Russia', 'NSD', 'Clients', 'Holdings', 'largest clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'domestic clearing agent', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Euroclear Bank SA', 'client information', 'Russian securities', 'bond issuers', 'foreign creditors', 'March 5 decree', 'international investors', 'Russia-based accounts', 'bond payments', 'The NSD', 'similar letter', 'world', 'Bloomberg', 'clients', 'possibility', 'disclosing', 'positions', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'person']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,news.bloomberglaw.com
2434,Clearstream,Bing API,https://news.bloomberglaw.com/daily-tax-report/bust-bank-sues-deutsche-boerses-clearstream-over-cum-ex,Bust Bank Sues Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream Over Cum-Ex,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for about 27 million euros ($29 million) by the administrator of defunct Maple Bank in a lawsuit linked to the Cum-Ex tax scandal.,Deutsche Boerse AG ’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for about 27 million euros ($29 million) by the administrator of defunct Maple Bank in a lawsuit linked to the Cum-Ex tax scandal.The suit is pending at the Frankfurt Regional Court  a spokeswoman for the tribunal confirmed  in response to questions from Bloomberg News. The case  which was filed last year  is also seeking a declaratory ruling that Clearstream must cover potential additional damages  she said. No hearing has yet been scheduled.Maple Bank was raided by prosecutors in 2015 as one ...,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,negative,0.02,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Bust Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream', 'Cum-Ex', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Cum-Ex tax scandal', 'Frankfurt Regional Court', 'potential additional damages', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'German shares', '27 million euros', 'Bloomberg News', 'declaratory ruling', 'Clearstream unit', 'trading', 'administrator', 'lawsuit', 'spokeswoman', 'tribunal', 'response', 'questions', 'case', 'hearing', 'prosecutors', 'one']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,news.bloomberglaw.com
2435,Clearstream,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/77919/,JP Morgan  BNY notify Clearstream of option to cancel depositary receipts of Russian issuers,JP Morgan and Bank of New York Mellon have re-opened their books for cancellation of depository receipts (DR) instruments with Russian underlying securities  for which they are DR agents  Clearstream reported ,JP Morgan  BNY notify Clearstream of option to cancel depositary receipts of Russian issuersMOSCOW. April 7 (Interfax) - JP Morgan and Bank of New York Mellon have re-opened their books for cancellation of depository receipts (DR) instruments with Russian underlying securities  for which they are DR agents  Clearstream reported  citing notifications from the banks.Cancellation fees charged by the DR agents may need to be paid upfront above a certain threshold  Clearstream said.Last week FT reported that Bank of New York Mellon had launched an arrangement that allows bank clients to convert DRs of Russian companies they hold into local stocks. This referred to the securities of about 20 major Russian companies.The Russian authorities  meanwhile  are preparing to essentially force the delisting of DR representing shares in Russian companies. A bill requiring companies to delist from foreign exchanges has already been passed by the State Duma in the third reading. However  the Russian government will be able to allow DRs issued earlier to continue trading outside of Russia. The procedure for making such decisions will be determined by the government.Under a draft government resolution seen by Interfax  exceptions will also be possible at the request of issuer companies  as well as without them  by decision of a subcommittee of the government commission for control over foreign investment set up at the Finance Ministry.Holders of depositary receipts as of the date when the law goes into effect will automatically receive shares in the corresponding Russian companies in exchange for the receipts.These changes were prepared by the Economic Development Ministry shortly after the collapse of the value of the depositary receipts of the largest Russian issuers on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) amid news of sanctions against Russia after the start of the military operation in Ukraine. As of March 2  the value of the receipts of Sberbank fell to 1 cent  while Gazprom receipts fell 89%  Lukoil was down 97.2%  Nornickel was down 37%  Rosneft was down 70.4%  Novatek was down 91%  etc. After this the LSE on March 3 suspended trading in the securities of 27 Russian companies.,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['JP Morgan', 'depositary receipts', 'Russian issuers', 'BNY', 'Clearstream', 'option', 'New York Mellon', 'Economic Development Ministry', 'draft government resolution', 'London Stock Exchange', 'largest Russian issuers', '20 major Russian companies', 'corresponding Russian companies', 'Russian underlying securities', '27 Russian companies', 'Finance Ministry', 'Russian authorities', 'Russian government', 'issuer companies', 'JP Morgan', 'local stocks', 'foreign exchanges', 'State Duma', 'third reading', 'government commission', 'foreign investment', 'military operation', 'depositary receipts', 'depository receipts', 'Gazprom receipts', 'DR agents', 'Cancellation fees', 'bank clients', 'BNY', 'Clearstream', 'option', 'MOSCOW', 'Interfax', 'books', 'notifications', 'banks', 'threshold', 'arrangement', 'DRs', 'delisting', 'shares', 'bill', 'trading', 'procedure', 'decisions', 'exceptions', 'request', 'subcommittee', 'control', 'Holders', 'date', 'law', 'effect', 'collapse', 'value', 'LSE', 'news', 'sanctions', 'start', 'Ukraine', 'March', 'Sberbank', 'Lukoil', 'Nornickel', 'Rosneft', 'Novatek']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,interfax.com
2436,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,nan,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2437,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2438,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,nan,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2439,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2440,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,JP Morgan  BNY notify Clearstream of option to cancel depositary receipts of Russian issuers https://t.co/4iIQ4d4GBq,nan,JP Morgan  BNY notify Clearstream of option to cancel depositary receipts of Russian issuers https://t.co/4iIQ4d4GBq,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['JP Morgan', 'depositary receipts', 'Russian issuers', 'BNY', 'Clearstream', 'option', 'iIQ4d4GBq', 'JP Morgan', 'depositary receipts', 'Russian issuers', 'BNY', 'Clearstream', 'option', 'iIQ4d4GBq']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2441,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/bnp-paribas-am-launches-green-social-bond-etf/,BNP Paribas AM launches green social bond ETF,12 hours ago,BNP Paribas AM launches green social bond ETFFollows the launch of med tech and hydrogen ETFs in MarchBNP Paribas Asset Management (BNP PAM) has expanded its thematic range with the launch of a green  social and sustainability bond ETF.The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social and Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF (ASRQ) is listed on the Euronext Paris and Deutsche Boerse with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.25%.The ETF tracks the JP Morgan ESG Green  Social and Sustainability IG EUR Bond index  comprising euro-denominated bonds from both developed and emerging markets.It will also target green bonds aligned with the objectives of the Paris Agreement. The ETF will be labelled Article 9 under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR).In order to select the best ESG issuers  the index will use a rating and selection methodology  designed to provide exposure to renewable energy infrastructure and social programmes to combat unemployment and projects that align with the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals.Furthermore  selection will be based on the Climate Bonds Initiative (CBI) while companies that receive revenue from thermal coal  tar sands  tobacco or weapons will be excluded.Denis Panel  head of multi-asset  quantitative and solutions at BNP PAM  said: “Growing client demand for sustainable bonds leads us to offer relevant long-term investment solutions.“This ETF expands our range of sustainable fixed income index funds and demonstrates our desire to be a key provider of thematic ESG ETFs.”It follows the launch of two thematic ETFs by BNP PAM last month. The BNP Paribas Easy ECPI Global ESG Med Tech UCITS ETF (ASRP) and BNP Paribas Easy ECPI Global Hydrogen Economy UCITS ETF (ASRS) are also listed on the Deutsche Boerse and Euronext Paris with total expense ratios (TERs) of 0.30%.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,True,English,"['green social bond ETF', 'BNP Paribas AM', 'The BNP Paribas Easy ECPI Global ESG Med Tech UCITS ETF', 'BNP Paribas Easy ECPI Global Hydrogen Economy UCITS ETF', 'The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social', 'Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF', 'Sustainability IG EUR Bond index', 'sustainable fixed income index funds', 'BNP Paribas Asset Management', 'green social bond ETF', 'Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation', 'BNP Paribas AM', 'relevant long-term investment solutions', 'sustainability bond ETF', 'best ESG issuers', 'thematic ESG ETFs', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'total expense ratio', 'renewable energy infrastructure', 'Growing client demand', 'two thematic ETFs', 'Climate Bonds Initiative', 'hydrogen ETFs', 'green, social', 'BNP PAM', 'green bonds', 'sustainable bonds', 'social programmes', 'euro-denominated bonds', 'thematic range', 'Euronext Paris', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'emerging markets', 'Paris Agreement', 'United Nation', 'thermal coal', 'tar sands', 'Denis Panel', 'key provider', 'Related articles', 'selection methodology', 'launch', 'March', 'ASRQ', 'objectives', 'SFDR', 'order', 'rating', 'exposure', 'unemployment', 'projects', 'CBI', 'companies', 'revenue', 'tobacco', 'weapons', 'head', 'quantitative', 'desire', 'ASRP', 'ASRS', 'TERs']",2022-07-04,2022-04-07,etfstream.com
2442,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/blackrock-launches-two-high-yield-bond-etfs/,BlackRock launches two high yield bond ETFs,14 hours ago,BlackRock launches two high yield bond ETFsBlackRock has expanded its fixed income range with the launch of two broad-based high yield ETFs  ETF Stream can reveal.The iShares Broad $ High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF (HYUS) and the iShares Broad € High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF (EH1Y) are listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse with total expense ratios (TERs) of 0.25%.HYUS tracks the ICE BofA Merrill Lynch US High Yield Constrained index which offers exposure to 1 939 US high yield bonds with a yield of 5.4% and an average duration of 4.3 years.Physically-replicated  HYUS is the broadest ETF in Europe to offer exposure to the $1.7trn US high yield market.The US-listed version of HYUS  the iShares Broad USD High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (USHY)  has gathered $6.9bn assets under management (AUM) since launching in October 2017.Meanwhile  EH1Y tracks the ICE BofA Euro High Yield Constrained index which is a basket of 813 euro-denominated high yield bonds with a yield of 3.7% and an average duration of 3.7 years.EH1Y is physically replicated and will offer investors exposure to a market that currently totals $504bn.BlackRock said high yield is currently an option for investors looking for a pick-up in yield combined with a reduction in duration versus traditional investment grade credit amid tightening monetary policy.Ashley Curtis  iShares head of fixed income distribution  EMEA  at BlackRock  added: “The launch is particularly timely as investors search for exposures that offer both diversification and yield while needing nimble asset allocation vehicles.“It is an exciting time as the industry continues to evolve and focus on future product innovation in step with fixed income markets and investor preference.”BlackRock already offers two high yield ETFs in Europe  the $6.5bn iShares $ High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF (SHYU) and the $5.7bn iShares € High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF (IHYG)  which track high yield indices from IHS Markit.In terms of comparison  SHYU has a 72% weighting to 'BB' bonds  a 20.9% weighting to 'B' and a 3% weighting to 'CCC' while HYUS has a 50% weighting to 'BB'  a 37% weighting to 'B' and a 12% weighting to 'CCC'.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.9,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['two high yield bond ETFs', 'BlackRock', 'ICE BofA Merrill Lynch US High Yield Constrained index', 'iShares Broad USD High Yield Corporate Bond ETF', 'iShares Broad $ High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF', 'iShares Broad € High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF', '$6.5bn iShares $ High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF', 'ICE BofA Euro High Yield Constrained index', 'two high yield bond ETFs', 'two broad-based high yield ETFs', '$1.7trn US high yield market', '1,939 US high yield bonds', 'two high yield ETFs', '813 euro-denominated high yield bonds', 'traditional investment grade credit', 'nimble asset allocation vehicles', 'high yield indices', 'fixed income range', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total expense ratios', 'fixed income distribution', 'future product innovation', 'fixed income markets', 'ETF Stream', 'broadest ETF', '$5.7bn iShares €', ""BB' bonds"", 'Deutsche Boerse', 'US-listed version', '$6.9bn assets', 'monetary policy', 'Ashley Curtis', 'exciting time', 'investor preference', 'IHS Markit', 'Related articles', 'average duration', 'investors exposure', 'BlackRock', 'launch', 'HYUS', 'EH1Y', 'TERs', '4.3 years', 'Europe', 'USHY', 'management', 'AUM', 'October', 'basket', '3.7 years', 'option', 'pick-up', 'reduction', 'tightening', 'head', 'EMEA', 'exposures', 'diversification', 'industry', 'step', 'SHYU', 'IHYG', 'terms', 'comparison', '72% weighting', '3% weighting', 'CCC', '50% weighting', '12% weighting']",2022-06-04,2022-04-07,etfstream.com
2443,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-outperforms-competitors-on-strong-trading-day-01649279345-dc4f17bd49ca,Nasdaq Inc. stock outperforms competitors on strong trading day,23 hours ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -0.32% inched 0.85% higher to $183.58 Wednesday  on what proved to be an all-around poor trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  +0.43% falling 0.97% to 4 481.15 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  +0.25% falling 0.42% to 34 496.51. Nasdaq Inc. closed $31.38 below its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company reached on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Wednesday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  -0.35% fell 3.69% to $45.16  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  +0.35% rose 2.52% to $243.45  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  +0.03% fell 1.18% to $18.05. Trading volume (883 298) remained 11 483 below its 50-day average volume of 894 781.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,neutral,0.37,0.53,0.1,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'strong trading day', 'competitors', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'poor trading session', 'market data terms', 'ADR HKXCY', 'Trading volume', 'stock market', 'November 5th', 'mixed performance', 'Clearing Ltd.', 'Automated Insights', 'Shares', '52-week', 'company', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,marketwatch.com
2444,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-corporate-citizenship-project-asks--iss-to-clarify-apparent-decision-not-to-downgrade-russias-esg-rating-301520435.html,The Corporate Citizenship Project Asks ISS to Clarify Apparent Decision Not to Downgrade Russia's ESG Rating,1 hour ago,"The Iowa-based think tank is asking proxy advisor Institutional Shareholder Services (""ISS"") to explain the decision in an open letterDES MOINES  Iowa  April 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Corporate Citizenship Project (www.CorporateCitizenshipProject.com)  a think-tank focused on a data-driven approach to corporate governance issues  today penned an open letter to Institutional Shareholder Services (""ISS"") CEO Gary Retelny regarding the apparent decision on the part of ISS to not downgrade Russia's Environmental  Social  Governance (""ESG"") rating below a ""C Minus""  leaving Russia's ESG score unchanged since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.The letter reads as follows:Dear Mr. Retelny On behalf of The Corporate Citizenship Project  I am asking you to clarify the decision on the part of ISS to not lower the ESG rating for Russia after its invasion of Ukraine.The Russian invasion of Ukraine is not consistent with ESG goals.Environmentally  the destruction caused by the invasion has caused destruction to the natural environment. Meanwhile  the reckless Russian decision to shell a nuclear power plant risked causing another Chernobyl-like environmental catastrophe.Socially  the invasion has cost the lives of thousands of innocent civilians and created a refugee crisis. The Russian alleged war crimes that are coming to light in the city of Bucha indicate the wanton brutality of the invasion and the social ills it cost.Governance has also suffered from the invasion. Putin's decree shielding leased Russian commercial airplanes from seizure by their lawful owners as well as his public consideration of seizing the assets of departing western companies indicate a troubling situation on corporate governance.We are therefore troubled by ISS's apparent decision to leave Russia's ESG rating unchanged.We would like you to provide us with answers to the following questions:Question 1Has ISS has taken any money from Kremlin-affiliated public companies like Gazprom  Lukoil  and Rosneft? If so  how much and for what services?Question 2Have you or other ISS executives met with any Russian oligarchs or government officials? If so  what was discussed?Question 3Can you explain why state owned or affiliated Russian companies are given better ESG ratings than western companies with seemingly far better ESG records? Gazprom  for example  has a ""C Minus"" rating while Rosneft has a ""C"" rating in spite of seemingly terrible environmental records and leadership who are currently under western sanctions.Question 4Have ISS parent companies Genstar Capital or Deutsche Boerse influenced  or attempted to influence  ISS ESG ratings of Russia or Russian companies?In light of the gravity of this crisis  we urge you to respond to these questions no later than Thursday April 14th.Sincerely Ghada SalahuddinPresident & CEOThe Corporate Citizenship Projectwww.CorporateCitizenshipProject.comGhada Salahuddin  President &CEO of The Corporate Citizenship Project  issued the following statement regarding the letter:""Putin's evil and cruel invasion of Ukraine has cost the lives of thousands of innocent people  a refugee crisis  and come close to causing a global environmental catastrophe. For ISS to apparently refuse to downgrade Russia's ESG rating and the rating of government-affiliated companies again calls into question the integrity of ISS's ESG ratings. Investors and corporate clients of ISS deserve answers from Gary Retelny on this seeming lapse in judgement.""ContactGhada Salahuddin515-259-6929[email protected]www.CorporateCitizenshipProject.comSOURCE Corporate Citizenship Project",neutral,0.03,0.54,0.42,mixed,0.09,0.11,0.8,True,English,"['The Corporate Citizenship Project', 'Apparent Decision', 'ESG Rating', 'ISS', 'Russia', 'proxy advisor Institutional Shareholder Services', 'The Iowa-based think tank', 'The Corporate Citizenship Project', 'SOURCE Corporate Citizenship Project', 'nuclear power plant', 'Dear Mr. Retelny', 'corporate governance issues', 'terrible environmental records', 'global environmental catastrophe', 'Russian commercial airplanes', 'Kremlin-affiliated public companies', 'Environmental, Social, Governance', 'other ISS executives', 'reckless Russian decision', 'CEO Gary Retelny', 'ISS parent companies', 'C Minus"" rating', 'ISS ESG ratings', 'corporate clients', 'social ills', 'public consideration', 'Russian companies', 'ESG records', 'western companies', 'government-affiliated companies', 'C"" rating', 'Russian oligarchs', 'DES MOINES', 'data-driven approach', 'natural environment', 'innocent civilians', 'war crimes', 'wanton brutality', 'decree shielding', 'lawful owners', 'troubling situation', 'government officials', 'state owned', 'western sanctions', 'Genstar Capital', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Ghada Salahuddin', 'following statement', 'innocent people', 'ESG goals', 'apparent decision', 'refugee crisis', 'open letter', 'Russian invasion', 'following questions', 'Thursday April', 'cruel invasion', 'PRNewswire', 'CorporateCitizenshipProject', 'think-tank', 'part', 'Ukraine', 'behalf', 'destruction', 'lives', 'thousands', 'light', 'city', 'Bucha', 'Putin', 'seizure', 'assets', 'answers', 'Question 1', 'money', 'Gazprom', 'Lukoil', 'Rosneft', 'Question 2', 'example', 'leadership', 'Question 4', 'gravity', 'President', 'evil', 'integrity', 'Investors', 'lapse', 'judgement', 'Contact']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,prnewswire.com
2445,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4500143-puma-expect-aggressive-growth-to-bring-its-valuation-in-line-with-peer-adidas,Puma: Expect Aggressive Growth To Bring Its Valuation In Line With Peer Adidas,7 hours ago,"PhoThoughts/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesIntroductionWhile everyone knows the big sporting goods brands like Nike (NKE) and Adidas (OTCQX:ADDYY) (OTCQX:ADDDF)  Puma (OTCPK:PMMAF) (OTCPK:PUMSY) is often forgotten as this smaller player only has a total revenue of just under 6B EUR. The company is making good progress in the Americas as the revenue increased by almost 50% in 2021  which is a much larger revenue increase than any of the other regions Puma is active in. This pushed the contribution from the Americas to the consolidated revenue mix to almost 39% (up from just under 34% in 2020). 2021 also was the first year in the company’s history its revenue in the Americas was higher than its core EMEA markets.Yahoo FinanceAs Puma’s listing in the US is rather illiquid  I’d strongly recommend to trade in Puma’s shares using its primary listing on the Deutsche Boerse stock exchange. The ticker symbol in Germany is PUM and the average daily volume of 500 000 shares represents a monetary value of 37MEUR. And since last year  Puma is a member of the Dax 40 index.Unfortunately  the Puma website mainly contains download-only links  but you can find all relevant information here.Puma is aggressively investing in its expansion  and that weighs on the free cash flow result2021 wasn’t an easy year for Puma as in the first half of the year the company had to deal with COVID-related measures like store closings while in the second half of the year Puma had to deal with supply chain issues. The logistical difficulties are persisting but I hope to see the majority of the issues to be resolved by the end of this year as the acute shortage of shipping containers should be over while port congestion levels should improve.Puma’s financial results recovered nicely from the disappointing performance in 2020. The revenue increased by about 30% to 6.8B EUR while the gross profit increased at a slightly faster pace. As you can see in the image below  the ""other operating expenses"" increased by about 20% which is a rather strong increase but this was obviously totally absorbed by the higher revenue and gross profit and the EBIT almost tripled on a YoY basis.Puma Investor RelationsWith a net income of 377M EUR of which just under 310M EUR was attributable to the shareholders of Puma  the EPS came in at approximately 2.07 EUR per share. That’s almost four times higher than in 2020.As Puma is running a clean balance sheet with little debt  the total finance expenses may appear to be high but as the image below shows  the net interest expenses on the financial debt were close to zero. The interest related to the lease liabilities exceeded 31M EUR (up from 29.3M EUR in 2020) and another substantial portion of the net finance expenses was related to ""other"" expenses: These are derivatives on currencies.Puma Investor RelationsAs Puma is currently trading at 35 times its earnings  I was hoping the free cash flow result would outpace the reported net income. Unfortunately  Puma has shifted its growth investments into a higher gear and the reported free cash flow is actually lower than the reported net income due to those investments in growth.The company published an operating cash flow of 460.1M EUR  but as you can see below  this includes an investment in the working capital position to the tune of 214.3M EUR. We also see Puma paid 146.9M EUR in taxes although the income statement indicates about 129M EUR was due based on the FY2021 pre-tax result. On an adjusted basis  the operating cash flow was approximately 692M EUR.Puma Investor RelationsHowever  there are some other adjustments we still need to make. We should deduct the 48M EUR paid to the non-controlling interests while we also should deduct the 161M EUR in lease payments as well as the 44.4M EUR in interest payments (consisting of the interest payments on both the financial debt as well as the lease liabilities). And to be consistent  we should also add the 11.9M EUR in received interest payments into account.Puma Investor RelationsThat would result in an adjusted operating cash flow of 451M EUR. The total capex was approximately 202M EUR which means Puma generated a free cash flow result of 249M EUR which is just under 1.70 EUR per share. Disappointing? Yes. But we clearly see the combination of capex (202M EUR) and lease payments (161M EUR) for a total of 363M EUR is quite a bit higher than the 306M EUR in depreciation and amortization expenses for the year.For 2022  Puma expects to report a double digit revenue growth which should trickle down to the net income level as well. Whereas the EBIT in 2021 was approximately 557M EUR  Puma is now guiding for a full-year EBIT of 600-700M EUR which would be an increase of 8%-26%. Given the current situation in Europe and how inflation is making its way through all supply chains and as it will likely rattle consumer confidence levels  perhaps we should aim for the lower end of the official EBIT guidance.Puma will continue to invest in itself in 2022 and the total capex will once again be substantially higher than in 2021. Puma expects to invest 220M EUR in ""fixed assets"" this year as the company continues to build out its infrastructure to support the long-term growth plans.Puma Investor RelationsInvestment thesisPuma has digested the weak performance in 2020 and despite being impacted by supply chain issues and temporary store closures  Puma saw its net income and free cash flow increase by a triple-digit percentage. That’s great but that still doesn’t make the stock cheap.Puma is currently trading at about 35 times its 2021 earnings  but we can likely expect an EPS increase of about 10% in 2022 if the company is indeed able to hike its revenue and EBIT as expected. Considering Puma has a positive net cash position of approximately 375M EUR (excluding lease liabilities) and generated an EBITDA of approximately 700M EUR (again  excluding lease related liabilities and depreciation expenses)  the stock is trading at an EV/EBITDA ratio of 15.As Puma is a growth story  perhaps we give more weight to the future. The analyst consensus estimate calls for an EBITDA of 1.37B EUR in 2024. If I would assume about 190M EUR will be lease-related  the underlying EBITDA excluding leases would be around 1.18B EUR and that would reduce the forward EV/EBITDA to less than 9  making Puma a whole lot more appealing as an investment and trading in line with European competitor Adidas.I currently have no position in Puma but I will keep an eye on how the company performs in the near future.",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,mixed,0.1,0.15,0.75,True,English,"['Aggressive Growth', 'Peer Adidas', 'Puma', 'Valuation', 'Line', 'big sporting goods brands', 'Deutsche Boerse stock exchange', 'free cash flow result', 'double digit revenue growth', 'operating cash flow', 'FY2021 pre-tax result', 'core EMEA markets', 'average daily volume', 'port congestion levels', 'clean balance sheet', 'working capital position', 'consumer confidence levels', 'consolidated revenue mix', 'other operating expenses', 'net finance expenses', 'official EBIT guidance', 'net income level', 'supply chain issues', 'Puma Investor Relations', 'total finance expenses', 'net interest expenses', 'larger revenue increase', 'other"" expenses', 'Yahoo Finance', 'amortization expenses', 'supply chains', 'other regions', 'other adjustments', 'income statement', 'total revenue', 'higher revenue', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'OTCPK:PMMAF', 'OTCPK:PUMSY', 'smaller player', 'good progress', 'ticker symbol', 'monetary value', 'Dax 40 index', 'download-only links', 'relevant information', 'first half', 'COVID-related measures', 'store closings', 'second half', 'logistical difficulties', 'acute shortage', 'shipping containers', 'financial results', 'disappointing performance', 'faster pace', 'strong increase', 'YoY basis', 'little debt', 'financial debt', 'lease liabilities', 'substantial portion', 'higher gear', 'adjusted basis', 'controlling interests', 'lease payments', 'interest payments', 'current situation', '310M EUR', '48M EUR', '161M EUR', '44.4M EUR', '11.9M EUR', '306M EUR', 'growth investments', 'full-year EBIT', 'total capex', 'primary listing', 'lower end', 'first year', 'last year', 'easy year', 'Puma website', '29.3M EUR', 'gross profit', '2.07 EUR', '214.3M', 'PhoThoughts', 'Introduction', 'everyone', 'Nike', 'NKE', 'Adidas', 'OTCQX', 'ADDYY', 'ADDDF', '6B', 'company', 'Americas', 'contribution', 'history', 'shares', 'Germany', '37MEUR', 'member', 'expansion', 'majority', '6.8B', '377M', 'shareholders', 'EPS', '31M', 'derivatives', 'currencies', '35 times', 'earnings', '460.1M', 'tune', 'taxes', '129M', '692M', 'account', '451M', '202M', '249M', 'combination', '363M', 'depreciation', '557M', '600-700M', 'Europe', 'inflation', 'way', '1.70']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,seekingalpha.com
2446,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://citywireselector.com/news/bnp-paribas-am-expands-green-etf-range-with-ig-bond-strategy/a2384630?assetClassID=17,BNP Paribas AM expands green ETF range with IG bond strategy,The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social & Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF  which is classified as Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation Article 9  is listed on both the Euronext Paris and Deutsche Börse Xetra. The newly launched product replicates ...,The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social & Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF  which is classified as Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation Article 9  is listed on both the Euronext Paris and Deutsche Börse Xetra. The newly launched product replicates ...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['BNP Paribas AM', 'green ETF range', 'IG bond strategy', 'The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social', 'Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF', 'Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation Article', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Euronext Paris', 'product']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,citywireselector.com
2447,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.bloombergquint.com/onweb/deutsche-boerse-s-clearstream-sued-by-defunct-bank-over-cum-ex,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream Sued by Defunct Bank Over Tax Scandal,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for about 27 million euros ($29 million) by the administrator of defunct Maple Bank in a lawsuit linked to the Cum-Ex tax scandal.,Maple Bank was raided by prosecutors in 2015 as one of the multiple probes into a massive tax scam that sparked outrage in Germany. A year later  the nation’s financial regulator Bafin closed the bank because it couldn’t shoulder the bill levied by tax authorities  which asked for the return of money Maple made with Cum-Ex. The Canadian parent company went into liquidation in 2016.,negative,0.02,0.11,0.87,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Defunct Bank', 'Tax Scandal', 'Clearstream', 'The Canadian parent company', 'massive tax scam', 'tax authorities', 'multiple probes', 'financial regulator', 'Maple Bank', 'prosecutors', 'outrage', 'Germany', 'nation', 'Bafin', 'bill', 'return', 'money', 'Cum-Ex.', 'liquidation']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,bloombergquint.com
2448,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/kl-ckner-co-becomes-global-060035224.html,Klöckner & Co becomes a global pioneer with its SBTi targets,of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) with further post-admission obligations (Prime Standard). Klöckner & Co shares are listed in the SDAX(R) index of Deutsche Börse. ISIN: DE000KC01000; WKN: KC0100; Common Code: 025808576.,"DGAP-News: Klöckner & Co SE / Key word(s): SustainabilityThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.- Klöckner & Co is the first Company in the world to have all net zero carbon targets approved in the regular process in accordance with the latest standards as science-based targets by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) - Long-term targets also successfully validated - Major step in implementation of strategy for the Company to become a pioneer of a sustainable steel industry Duisburg  Germany  April 7  2022 - Klöckner & Co is the first Company worldwide to have its net zero carbon reduction targets approved in the regular process as science-based in accordance with the latest standards of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Following up on the successful validation of the near-term targets several weeks ago  both the long-term and the net zero targets have now also been officially approved. All reduction targets are thus based on the latest scientific findings and are consistent with the strict requirements of the Paris Climate Agreement to limit global warming to a maximum of 1.5 C. In the long term  by 2040  Klöckner & Co will eliminate its Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions in line with the SBTi requirements for net zero - meaning emissions associated with the business itself  such as from Company-owned vehicles and purchased energy. In Scope 1 and 2 alone  this will enable the Company to save some 90 000 tons of carbon per year in its own emissions. With regard to Scope 3  the Company will almost completely eliminate directly controllable emissions (such as from business travel) by 2040 and emissions that are only indirectly controllable (such as from purchased goods and services) by 2050. In line with the newest SBTi standards  Klöckner & Co has thus committed to reducing emissions in the entire value chain to net zero by 2050. Guido Kerkhoff  CEO of Klöckner & Co SE: ""With the scientific recognition of our long-term and net zero carbon reduction targets  we have taken a further major step in implementation of our 'Klöckner & Co 2025: Leveraging Strengths' strategy. We continue to work at full speed to implement these targets  actively driving the green transformation of the economy and society as a pioneer of a sustainable steel industry."" As part of a package of measures to this end - titled ""kloeckner takes action 2040"" - Klöckner & Co is focusing on specific actions to reduce its ecological footprint in close collaboration with customers and suppliers. In the near term  the Company will achieve a 50% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 2030. In Scope 3  the Company will likewise implement a 50% reduction in directly controllable emissions by 2030.Non-directly-controllable Scope 3 carbon emissions will be cut 30% by 2030. In addition to the extensive reduction measures across all scopes  the Company offsets the remaining unavoidable Scope 1 and 2 emissions by investing in high-quality  certified offsetting projects. In consequence  Klöckner & Co is already carbon-neutral today. Klöckner & Co sets standards as pioneer of a sustainable steel industry Klöckner & Co is utilizing the strategic opportunities presented by decarbonization. In its strategy  the Company has made sustainable solutions an integral part of its business model and is building a sustainable range of products and services. With a total of four partnerships for the supply of green steel already in place  Klöckner & Co has ensured that it will already be able to provide customers with green products and meet the high demand within this year. Klöckner & Co has also developed a categorization metric for green and low-carbon steel so that customers can directly see the carbon footprint of a carbon-reduced product purchased from the Company. The scale is rooted in international  science-based standards and categorizes low-carbon steel according to the certified emissions generated along the entire value chain  from resource extraction to production. By classifying products into six categories  the Company has created an easy way to reliably assess and compare the carbon footprint of green steel. Klöckner & Co will be able to provide low-carbon steel in various categories of the scale by the end of 2022. Klöckner & Co aims for the two lowest-carbon-footprint categories to account for over 30% of its entire range by 2025 and 50% by 2030. This equates to a reduction in carbon emissions by some four million tons. About Klöckner & Co:Klöckner & Co is one of the largest producer-independent distributors of steel and metal products and one of the leading steel service companies worldwide. Based on its distribution and service network of around 140 locations in 13 countries  Klöckner & Co supplies more than 100 000 customers. Currently  the Group has around 7 200 employees. Klöckner & Co had sales of some €7.4 billion in fiscal year 2021. As a pioneer of the digital transformation in the steel industry  Klöckner & Co's target is to digitalize and largely automate its supply and service chain and to become the leading digital one-stop-shop platform for steel  other materials  equipment and processing services in Europe and the Americas and a pioneer of sustainability - for the benefit of customers  the steel industry and society. The shares of Klöckner & Co SE are admitted to trading on the regulated market segment (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) with further post-admission obligations (Prime Standard). Klöckner & Co shares are listed in the SDAX(R) index of Deutsche Börse. ISIN: DE000KC01000; WKN: KC0100; Common Code: 025808576. Contact Klöckner & Co SE:PressChristian Pokropp - Press SpokespersonHead of Corporate Communications |Head of Group HRPhone: +49 203 307-2050Email: christian.pokropp@kloeckner.com InvestorsFelix SchmitzHead of Investor Relations |Head of Strategic SustainabilityPhone: +49 203 307-2295Email: felix.schmitz@kloeckner.com07.04.2022 Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.dgap.de",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.89,0.06,True,English,"['Klöckner', 'global pioneer', 'SBTi targets', 'Co', 'net zero carbon reduction targets', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'high-quality, certified offsetting projects', 'net zero carbon targets', 'leading steel service companies', 'net zero targets', 'controllable Scope 3 carbon emissions', 'Key word(s', 'Paris Climate Agreement', 'largest producer-independent distributors', 'two lowest-carbon-footprint categories', 'entire value chain', 'latest scientific findings', 'remaining unavoidable Scope 1', 'sustainable steel industry', 'international, science-based standards', ""Leveraging Strengths' strategy"", 'extensive reduction measures', 'four million tons', 'newest SBTi standards', 'science-based targets', 'service chain', 'near-term targets', 'carbon footprint', 'certified emissions', 'entire range', 'service network', '2 carbon emissions', 'sustainable solutions', 'sustainable range', 'latest standards', 'scientific recognition', 'four partnerships', 'Long-term targets', 'controllable emissions', 'low-carbon steel', 'six categories', 'various categories', 'green steel', 'Klöckner', 'regular process', 'Major step', 'successful validation', 'strict requirements', 'global warming', 'long term', 'Company-owned vehicles', 'Guido Kerkhoff', 'full speed', 'specific actions', 'ecological footprint', 'close collaboration', 'near term', 'strategic opportunities', 'high demand', 'categorization metric', 'carbon-reduced product', 'resource extraction', 'easy way', 'digital transformation', 'green transformation', 'SBTi requirements', 'business travel', 'business model', 'integral part', 'metal products', 'fiscal year', 'green products', 'first Company', 'Co SE', '50% reduction', '90,000 tons', '2 emissions', 'DGAP-News', 'Sustainability', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'world', 'accordance', 'implementation', 'pioneer', 'Duisburg', 'Germany', 'maximum', '1.5 C', 'line', 'energy', 'regard', 'goods', 'services', 'CEO', 'economy', 'society', 'package', 'kloeckner', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'addition', 'scopes', 'consequence', 'decarbonization', 'total', 'supply', 'place', 'scale', 'production', 'distribution', '140 locations', '13 countries', 'Group', '7,200 employees', 'sales']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,uk.news.yahoo.com
2449,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,nan,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2450,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex today said its total traded derivatives contracts grew by 26 p… https://t.co/z94ZJs8mRF,nan,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex today said its total traded derivatives contracts grew by 26 p… https://t.co/z94ZJs8mRF,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'derivatives contracts', 'Eurex', 'total', 'z94ZJs8mRF', '26', 'Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'derivatives contracts', 'Eurex', 'total', 'z94ZJs8mRF', '26']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2451,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2452,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,nan,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2453,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2454,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/21shares-launches-metaverse-etp-via-090000425.html,21Shares Launches Metaverse ETP via Sandbox’s SAND Token,The launch marks 21Shares’ 30th cryptocurrency ETP offered and will be cross-listed on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam,Don't miss CoinDesk's Consensus 2022  the must-attend crypto & blockchain festival experience of the year in Austin  TX this June 9-12.21Shares  a Switzerland-based crypto exchange-traded product (ETP) issuer  has launched a new vehicle focused on the SAND token to give investors exposure to The Sandbox’s metaverse and gaming platform.ETPs are a popular way for institutional investors to bet on cryptocurrencies and blockchain projects. Banks including Goldman Sachs (GS)  ICAP  JPMorgan (JPM)and UBS (UBS) have all bought ETPs for an increasing number of clients.The Sandbox platform  built on Ethereum  is a decentralized virtual world where participants can monetize assets and gaming experiences. Through the ETP  investors will be able to capitalize on the growth of The Sandbox in a secure way  according to the press release.In February  21Shares launched its Decentraland ETP involving its MANA token. Hany Rashwan  CEO and co-founder of 21Shares  told CoinDesk in an email that for this ETP it chose The Sandbox over other metaverse platforms because of investor demands for more access to opportunities beyond Bitcoin and Ethereum.“The metaverse is one of the most pre-eminent themes within crypto at the moment  with [SAND] in particular showing strong growth to become the best performing blue-chip metaverse token ” said Rashwan.The launch marks 21Shares’ 30th cryptocurrency ETP offered and will be cross-listed on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam. 21Shares has close to $3 billion in Assets under Management (AUM) and has over 130 listings  including the world’s only ETP tracking Binance  according to the press release.The launch comes after SAND  the native token of The Sandbox platform  has dropped 40% in the past three months. Other metaverse-related tokens including MANA and Axie Infinity's AXS are also down for the year to date  significantly underperforming bitcoin (BTC).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.09,0.5,True,English,"['Metaverse ETP', 'SAND Token', '21Shares', 'Sandbox', 'Switzerland-based crypto exchange-traded product', 'performing blue-chip metaverse token', '21Shares’ 30th cryptocurrency ETP', 'past three months', 'Other metaverse-related tokens', 'blockchain festival experience', 'other metaverse platforms', 'decentralized virtual world', 'The Sandbox platform', 'gaming platform', 'blockchain projects', 'native token', 'new vehicle', 'SAND token', 'popular way', 'Goldman Sachs', 'increasing number', 'gaming experiences', 'secure way', 'press release', 'MANA token', 'investor demands', 'eminent themes', 'Euronext Paris', 'ETP) issuer', 'Decentraland ETP', 'Hany Rashwan', 'strong growth', 'institutional investors', 'CoinDesk', 'Consensus', 'year', 'Austin', 'TX', 'exposure', 'ETPs', 'cryptocurrencies', 'Banks', 'GS', 'ICAP', 'JPMorgan', 'UBS', 'clients', 'Ethereum', 'participants', 'assets', 'February', 'CEO', 'founder', 'email', 'access', 'opportunities', 'Bitcoin', 'moment', 'launch', 'Amsterdam', 'Management', 'AUM', 'Binance', 'Axie Infinity', 'AXS', 'date', 'BTC']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2455,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/voltalia-wins-33-megawatt-floating-163500057.html,Voltalia wins 33-megawatt floating solar project in Portugal,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces that it has won its first floating solar power...,VoltaliaVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces that it has won its first floating solar power plant project in Portugal for a total capacity of at least 33 megawatts backed by a 15-year power sales contract.The Cabril project was won following a call for tenders organised by the Ministry of Energy and Environment of Portugal. This new floating solar power plant will be installed near the Cabril dam in Sertã. Its capacity will be in between 33 and 40 megawatts  depending on final optimisation. Spanning 33 hectares  the plant will generate green electricity for a volume equivalent to the consumption of more than 70 300 inhabitants.Voltalia will ensure the development  construction and operation of the plant. The project is expected to be commissioned no later than 2026. Its revenues will be backed by a 15-year contract awarded by the Ministry of Energy and Environment  providing for a price of €41.025 per megawatthour.Voltalia has based its Global Solar Hub in Porto  an operational centre for supervising its solar power plants located in Europe  Africa and Latin America totaling more than 1.2 gigawatts for itself and for third-party clients. In addition  Voltalia’s team in Portugal is a recognised supplier of construction services  having built many projects in Portugal  including the 49-megawatt Cotovio solar plant  and internationally  including the 13-megawatt Kooypunt solar project in the Netherlands  both plants built in 2021. Finally  Voltalia’s subsidiary  Helexia  a specialist of on-site energy production (solar rooftops and carports) and energy efficiency  has an installed capacity in Portugal of 19 megawatts. In total  Voltalia and Helexia have over 270 employees in Portugal.“We are very proud to grow our own portfolio in Portugal and our third-party client business. We are keen to build our first floating solar power plant. This experience will create new opportunities in that field in other countries where Voltalia is active”  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Story continuesNext on the agenda: Q1 2022 revenues on April 20  2022 (after market closing)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 1.7 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 11.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 300 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,positive,0.67,0.29,0.05,True,English,"['33-megawatt floating solar project', 'Voltalia', 'Portugal', 'first floating solar power plant project', 'new floating solar power plant', '49-megawatt Cotovio solar plant', '13-megawatt Kooypunt solar project', '15-year power sales contract', 'solar power plants', 'Global Solar Hub', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Jennifer Jullia jjullia', 'third-party client business', 'The Cabril project', 'renewable energy sector', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy projects', '15-year contract', 'solar rooftops', 'new opportunities', 'renewable energies', 'Cabril dam', 'global offer', 'The Group', 'third-party clients', 'energy production', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'final optimisation', 'operational centre', 'Latin America', 'recognised supplier', 'many projects', 'market closing', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'construction services', 'installed capacity', 'generating capacity', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'other countries', 'Q1 2022 revenues', 'total capacity', '20 countries', 'Voltalia', 'Portugal', '33 megawatts', 'call', 'tenders', 'Ministry', 'Environment', 'Sertã', '40 megawatts', '33 hectares', 'volume', 'consumption', '70,300 inhabitants', 'development', 'price', 'megawatthour', 'Porto', 'Europe', 'Africa', '1.2 gigawatts', 'addition', 'team', 'Netherlands', 'subsidiary', 'Helexia', 'specialist', 'site', 'carports', '19 megawatts', '270 employees', 'portfolio', 'experience', 'field', 'CEO', 'Story', 'agenda', 'April', '1.7 GW', '11.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,300 employees', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'actifin', 'Attachment']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2456,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-technologies-expands-availability-valours-070000823.html,DeFi Technologies Expands Availability of Valour's Polkadot  Solana  and Cardano ETPs to Euronext Exchange,"DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional ...","Trad i ng of three exchange traded products  Cardano (ADA) EUR (ISIN:CH1114178820)  Polkadot (DOT) EUR (ISIN: CH1114178812)  and Solana (SOL) EUR (ISIN:CH1114178812)  began today  April 6  2022 on Euronext exchangesThe ETPs will enable retail and institutional investors to gain exposure to the ADA  DOT  and SOL tokens simply and securely via their bank or brokerTORONTO  April 6  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralised finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset ETPs  will began trading of Valour Cardano (ADA)  Valour Polkadot (DOT)  and Valour Solana (SOL) on the Euronext exchange in Paris and Amsterdam. Trading of these ETPs began today  April 6  2022.DeFi Technologies Inc. Logo (CNW Group/DeFi Technologies  Inc.)These ETPs will be offered on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam enabling both retail and institutional investors to gain exposure to the native tokens of the Cardano  PolkaDot and Solana networks safely and without navigating the process of opening a crypto wallet.""By adding to our product offerings in European markets  we are offering millions of investors who are interested in digital assets new and accessible ways to diversify their portfolios "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO of Valour. ""I am confident that our low fee model and unparalleled access to this emerging asset class will serve as a catalyst for the long term growth of our Euronext offerings.""Valour offers fully hedged digital asset ETPs with low to zero management fees across four European exchanges. Valour's existing product range includes Valour Uniswap ( UNI )  Cardano ( ADA )  Polkadot ( DOT )  Solana ( SOL )  Avalanche ( AVAX )  and Terra ( LUNA ) ETPs  as well as Valour's flagship Bitcoin Zero and Valour Ethereum Zero products  the first fully hedged  passive investment product with Bitcoin ( BTC ) and Ethereum ( ETH ) as underlyings which are completely fee-free  while competitors charge up to 2.5% in management fees.Story continues""As we continue to expand our product offerings onto new exchanges  even more people will have access to participating in an industry that is rewriting the future of the financial services industry "" said CEO of DeFi Technologies Russell Starr. ""Investors are interested in the opportunity to get into crypto as it establishes itself  and Valour's ETPs enable them to do that on regulated exchanges they know and trust.""Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comCautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the listing of Valour Cardano (ADA)  Valour Polkadot (DOT) EUR  and Valour Solana (SOL) ETPs; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASECisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-expands-availability-of-valours-polkadot-solana-and-cardano-etps-to-euronext-exchange-301518637.htmlSOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.31,0.39,True,English,"['DeFi Technologies', 'Cardano ETPs', 'Euronext Exchange', 'Availability', 'Valour', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'low to zero management fees', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'three exchange traded products', 'DeFi Technologies Russell Starr', 'DeFi Technologies Inc. Logo', 'Valour Ethereum Zero products', 'low fee model', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'emerging asset class', 'traditional capital markets', 'existing product range', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'long term growth', 'four European exchanges', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'financial services industry', 'passive investment product', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'digital asset ETPs', 'European markets', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'Euronext exchange', 'product offerings', 'digital assets', 'financial information', 'Valour Inc.', 'new technologies', 'regulated exchanges', 'decentralised finance', 'CNW Group', 'native tokens', 'accessible ways', 'Tommy Fransson', 'Euronext offerings', 'disruptive innovations', 'secure way', 'Cautionary note', 'press release', 'investor interest', 'geographic expansion', 'additional listings', 'ETP offerings', 'regulatory environment', 'potential returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'new exchanges', 'defi.tech', 'looking information', 'unparalleled access', 'investor access', 'technology company', 'Solana networks', 'company updates', 'The ETPs', 'Valour Uniswap', 'institutional investors', 'Euronext Paris', 'crypto wallet', 'actual results', 'business opportunities', 'SOL tokens', 'Valour Solana', 'Valour Cardano', 'Valour Polkadot', 'ADA', 'ISIN', 'retail', 'bank', 'broker', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'subsidiary', 'pioneer', 'trading', 'Amsterdam', 'process', 'millions', 'portfolios', 'CEO', 'catalyst', 'Avalanche', 'AVAX', 'Terra', 'LUNA', 'flagship', 'BTC', 'underlyings', 'competitors', 'Story', 'people', 'future', 'opportunity', 'mission', 'heart', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'meaning', 'respect', 'adoption', 'pursuit', 'subsidiaries', 'merits', 'use', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'variations', 'words', 'phrases', 'actions', 'events', 'uncertainties', 'level', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'case']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2457,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220407005709/en/Nanobiotix-Statement-of-Total-Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Forming-the-Company%E2%80%99s-Share-Capital,Nanobiotix: Statement of Total Voting Rights and Shares Forming the Company’s Share Capital,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Nanobiotix (Paris:NANO) (NASDAQ:NBTX): Market: Euronext Paris / Nasdaq Euronext Compartment: B ISIN code: FR0011341205 Nasdaq: NBTX Bloomberg: NANO:FP Reuters: NANO.P Website: www.nanobiotix.com Date Number of Shares O…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Nanobiotix (Paris:NANO) (NASDAQ:NBTX):Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDate Number of SharesOutstanding Total number of voting rights Total voting rights  gross (1) Total voting rights  net (2) Mars 31  2022 34 875 872 36 317 823 36 304 866(1) The total number of gross (or “theoretical”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.(2) The total number of net (or “exercisable at a Shareholders’ Meeting”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed  in accordance with the AMF recommendation of July 17  2007.***About NANOBIOTIX: http://www.nanobiotix.comNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on the regulated market of Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate– NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,positive,0.63,0.27,0.1,True,English,"['Total Voting Rights', 'Share Capital', 'Nanobiotix', 'Statement', 'Shares', 'Company', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'AMF General Regulations', 'lead product candidate', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'theoretical”) voting rights', 'Outstanding Total number', 'Total voting rights', 'AMF recommendation', 'regulated market', 'market authorization', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'ISIN code', 'P Website', 'Date Number', 'threshold crossings', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'human life', 'United States', '30 umbrella patents', 'brand name', 'Euronext Compartment', 'treatment outcomes', 'Euronext Paris', 'Nanobiotix', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'NANO.', 'Shares', 'Mars', 'gross', 'basis', 'accordance', 'Article', 'net', 'account', 'order', 'public', 'July', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'resources', 'development', 'Europe', 'Hensify', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2458,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/total-number-voting-rights-shares-160000809.html,Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  7 April 2022 Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223...,FAURECIANanterre  7 April 2022Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 ofthe General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN code : FR0000121147LEI code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85DateNumber of sharesTotal number of voting rights (theoretical) (1)31 March 2022151 607 186153 460 957(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds: yesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.72,0.23,0.05,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85 Date', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Total number', 'FAURECIA', 'Nanterre', '7 April', 'shares', 'Article', 'March', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-march-080000446.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 31 – April 6  2022,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 31 – April 6  2022 April 7  2022 - Wolters Kluwer today reports that it has repurchased 140 186 of its own ordinary...,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 31 – April 6  2022April 7  2022 - Wolters Kluwer today reports that it has repurchased 140 186 of its own ordinary shares in the period from March 31  2022  up to and including April 6  2022  for €13.6 million and at an average share price of €97.20.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 23  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €600 million during 2022.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2022Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2022 to date 1 898 328 173.7 91.50For the period starting February 25  2022  up to and including May 2  2022  we have engaged a third party to execute €120 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/AnalystsGerbert van Genderen Stort Meg GeldensCorporate Communications Investor Relationst + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407g.van.genderen.stort@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.33,0.54,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Gerbert van Genderen Stort', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'global leader', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'April', 'March', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Analysts', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nextensa-nv-sa-shares-repurchase-154000040.html,Nextensa NV/SA: Shares Repurchase,NEXTENSA NV/SA: SHARES REPURCHASE In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Belgian Code of Companies and...,Nextensa NVNEXTENSA NV/SA: SHARES REPURCHASEIn accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  Nextensa announces that in the period between March 31  2022 and April 6  2022 included it has repurchased 4 115 treasury shares on Euronext Brussels as part of its announced share buy-back program1. The shares were repurchased at an average price (rounded) of € 70.24 per share. This share repurchase transaction was carried out to cover the purchase plans for the benefit of the executive management of Nextensa  and this within the limits set down in the (renewed) share repurchase authorization as granted by the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders on 19 July 2021.Detailed operations per dayDate Number of shares Average price (€) Minimum price (€) Maximum price (€) Total price (€) 31/03/2022 900 70.82 70.50 71.10 63 734.80 01/04/2022 850 70.55 70.50 70.60 59 967.50 04/04/2022 681 70.07 69.70 70.70 47 718.10 05/04/2022 867 70.27 70.00 70.50 60 922.70 06/04/2022 817 69.38 69.20 69.60 56 686.40 Total 4.115 70.24 289 029.50Following the above transactions  the total number of treasury shares amounts to 51 483 (0.51% out of a total of 10 002 102 shares) as of 6 April 2022.FOR MORE INFORMATION:Michel Van Geyte Chief Executive Officer+32 3 238 98 77michel.van.geyte@nextensa.euABOUT NEXTENSA NV/SANextensa NV/SA (previously named Leasinvest Real Estate) is a mixed property investor and developer since 19 July 2021. The company’s investment portfolio  which is spread over the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (45%)  Belgium (42%) and Austria (13%)  had a total value on 31/12/2021 of approximately €1.41 billion. Nextensa is one of Luxembourg’s biggest property investors. The development portfolio is spread over the Tour & Taxis (B) and Cloche d’Or (L) sites  where mixed (residential and office) developments are ongoing and new sub-projects will be launched in the coming years. In addition  there is also a development pipeline in Belgium and Luxembourg of more than 300 000 m² of offices and residential real estate. The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and it has a market capitalisation of € 691.1 million (value on 06/04/2022).Story continues1 Cfr. Press release « Shares repurchase »  dd. December 8  2021.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Nextensa NV/SA', 'Shares Repurchase', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'biggest property investors', 'Cloche d’Or', 'share buy-back program', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'share repurchase transaction', 'share repurchase authorization', 'mixed property investor', 'residential real estate', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'executive management', 'SHARES REPURCHASE', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'Euronext Brussels', 'average price', 'purchase plans', 'Detailed operations', 'Date Number', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'investment portfolio', 'Grand Duchy', 'development portfolio', 'L) sites', 'office) developments', 'new sub-projects', 'coming years', 'development pipeline', 'market capitalisation', 'Press release', 'Total price', 'total number', '4,115 treasury shares', 'Nextensa NV', 'total value', '10,002,102 shares', 'accordance', 'article', '29 April', 'execution', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'period', 'March', 'part', 'benefit', 'limits', 'shareholders', '19 July', 'day', 'transactions', '6 April', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'developer', 'company', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/12', 'Tour', 'Taxis', 'addition', '300,000 m²', 'offices', '06/04', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2461,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220405005931/en/Transgene-Availability-of-Preparatory-Documents-for-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-May-25-2022,Transgene: Availability of Preparatory Documents for the Combined General Meeting of May 25  2022,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies  announced that the documentation related to the Combined General Meeting (ordinary and …,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies  announced that the documentation related to the Combined General Meeting (ordinary and extraordinary sessions) of Transgene’s shareholders is available.The notice of meeting  comprising the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) n° 39 of April 1st  2022.These notices include information on how to attend and vote at the General Meeting.The General Meeting will be broadcast live on the Company’s website (http://www.transgene.fr under “Investors - Shareholders’ Meeting”) and the video will also be available later within the time period provided for by the regulations.The procedures and rules relative to the holding of this shareholder meeting  as well as the exercise of the right to request documents and submit written questions  are set out in the notice of meeting published on April 1st  2022 and are also posted at www.transgene.fr/AG2022.About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of two therapeutic vaccines (TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  and TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform) as well as two oncolytic viruses (TG6002 for the treatment of solid tumors  and BT-001  the first oncolytic virus based on the Invir.IO™ platform).With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO™  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses. Transgene has an ongoing Invir.IO™ collaboration with AstraZeneca.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on Twitter: @TransgeneSADisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,negative,0.02,0.17,0.81,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Preparatory Documents', 'Transgene', 'Availability', 'May', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'viral vector engineering expertise', 'first individualized therapeutic vaccine', 'ongoing Invir.IO™ collaboration', 'viral vector technology', 'first oncolytic virus', 'two therapeutic vaccines', 'two oncolytic viruses', 'Artificial Intelligence capabilities', 'multifunctional oncolytic viruses', 'significant negative outcome', 'positive pre-clinical data', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'regulatory authorities’ agreement', 'government regulatory authorities', 'Invir.IO™ platform', 'The myvac® approach', 'Combined General Meeting', 'human clinical results', 'The General Meeting', 'therapeutic vaccination', 'Regulatory News', 'myvac® platform', 'clinical studies', 'proprietary platform', 'The Company', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'extraordinary sessions', 'draft resolutions', 'April 1st', 'time period', 'shareholder meeting', 'written questions', 'targeted immunotherapies', 'HPV-positive cancers', 'solid tumors', 'precision medicine', 'novel immunotherapy', 'virus-based immunotherapy', 'patient-specific mutations', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'financial situation', 'following factors', 'product manufacturing', 'marketing approval', 'financial condition', 'Risk Factors', 'Additional information', 'new information', 'biotech company', 'biotechnology company', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'cancer cells', 'clinical-stage programs', 'new generation', 'numerous risks', 'development phases', 'AMF website', 'Euronext Paris', 'STRASBOURG', 'France', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'documentation', 'notice', 'agenda', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', 'Investors', 'video', 'regulations', 'procedures', 'rules', 'holding', 'exercise', 'right', 'documents', 'AG2022', 'treatment', 'goal', 'TG4001', 'TG4050', 'TG6002', 'field', 'partner', 'NEC', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'occurrence', 'activities', 'perspectives', 'ability', 'products', 'success', 'financing', 'commercialization', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'date', 'obligation', 'future', '°']",2022-04-06,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2462,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220406006012/en/Onxeo-Appoints-Dr.-Shefali-Agarwal-as-President-and-Chief-Executive-Officer,Onxeo Appoints Dr. Shefali Agarwal as President and Chief Executive Officer,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Onxeo S.A. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALONX  Nasdaq First North Copenhagen: ONXEO)  hereafter “Onxeo” or the “Company”  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting …,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Onxeo S.A. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALONX  Nasdaq First North Copenhagen: ONXEO)  hereafter “Onxeo” or the “Company”  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage Response (DDR)  today announced the appointment of Dr. Shefali Agarwal as President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Agarwal succeeds Julien Miara  a Principal at Invus SAS  who was named interim CEO in January 2022.“I have worked side by side with Dr. Agarwal in her capacity as Chairwoman to grow our Company  strengthen our Board and  importantly  advance our pipeline. It became very clear to me and the Board that Dr. Agarwal  who has extensive experience in drug development  was the right choice to fill the CEO role ” said Julien Miara  interim CEO. “She has the expertise to partner with our strong team on expeditiously progressing AsiDNA® through the clinic  developing our robust  pre-clinical pipeline and providing Onxeo with international visibility given her exposure among the U.S. investment community.”Dr. Agarwal is a physician by training  and  until recently  was the Chief Medical and Development Officer at Epizyme  Inc.  a biopharmaceutical company developing novel epigenetic therapies for cancer  where she led global clinical development and regulatory strategy. She will remain an advisor to Epizyme in a consultant role while fulfilling her duties at Onxeo.“I am honored to become the next CEO of Onxeo and look forward to working more closely with this talented team as we continue to grow the business. Given my deep experience in oncology  I’m encouraged by the work we’ve done at Onxeo and by the opportunities our platON® platform has generated ” said Dr. Shefali Agarwal. “As we continue to progress our first-in-class DDR inhibitor AsiDNA® through the clinic and are conducting pre-clinical proof-of-concept studies on our next generation PARP agonist  OX401 and its follow-on optimized versions  we will be continually looking for ways to drive better clinical outcomes for patients. With an eye on the U.S. market  I’m pleased that we will be refocusing our clinical research efforts from France to the U.S.  building out our infrastructure and expanding our team in the growing biotech hub in Massachusetts. The new influx of capital from our top two shareholders  who support our vision  will help us achieve our goals  providing Onxeo runway into Q2 2023.”Prior to joining Epizyme in 2018  Dr. Agarwal held various leadership positions across medical research  clinical development  clinical operations  and medical affairs. She served as chief medical officer at SQZ Biotech  where she built and led the clinical development organization  which included clinical research operations and the regulatory function. Before SQZ Biotech  she held leadership positions at Curis and Tesaro. At Curis  she oversaw the Phase 2 study for its dual HDAC/PI3K inhibitor in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma  and the Phase 1 study in solid tumors for its oral checkpoint inhibitor. At Tesaro  she led the NDA and EMA submissions for ZEJULA® (niraparib) in ovarian cancer. Shefali has also held positions of increasing responsibility at Covidien  AVEO Oncology and Pfizer.In addition to receiving her medical degree  Dr. Agarwal holds a Master of Public Health and a Master of Science in business. Dr. Agarwal is a member of the Board of Directors of three U.S. biotechnology companies  ITB Med (private)  Gritstone Bio (NASDAQ: GRTS) and Fate Therapeutics (Nasdaq: FATE). She is also on the Scientific Advisory Board of Imvax  Inc. and is the Founder of Cancer Shakti Foundation  a voluntary non-profit organization dedicated to raising cancer awareness.Robert L. Coleman  MD  Onxeo Board member and Chief Scientific Officer of US Oncology Research  said  “We are excited to welcome Dr. Agarwal to Onxeo as CEO. She brings unique expertise and clinical acumen to Onxeo  based on a successful history as a director in several biopharma companies. This bridging foundation provides a unique perspective into unmet clinical needs  treatment landscape  regulatory processes  and capital stewardship to carefully vet and execute on strategic initiatives for drug development and enterprise-level growth. I’m so honored to work alongside her to bring uniquely designed therapeutic assets to the clinic. On behalf of the Onxeo Board  we welcome Dr. Agarwal to her new leadership role.”***About OnxeoOnxeo (Euronext Paris  NASDAQ Copenhagen: ONXEO) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative oncology drugs targeting tumor DNA-binding functions through unique mechanisms of action in the sought-after field of DNA Damage Response (DDR). The Company is focused on bringing early-stage first-in-class or disruptive compounds from translational research to clinical proof-of-concept  a value-creating inflection point appealing to potential partners.platON is Onxeo’s proprietary chemistry platform of oligonucleotides acting as decoy agonists  which generates new innovative compounds and broaden the Company’s product pipeline.AsiDNA  the first compound from platON  is a highly differentiated  clinical-stage first-in-call candidate in the field of DNA damage response (DDR) applied to oncology. Its decoy and agonist mechanism acting upstream of multiple DDR pathways results in distinctive antitumor properties  including the ability to prevent or abrogate tumor resistance to targeted therapies such as PARP inhibitors and strong synergy with tumor DNA-damaging agents such as radio-chemotherapy. AsiDNA is currently in combination clinical trials in difficult-to-treat solid tumors.OX401 is a new drug candidate from platON  designed to be a next-generation PARP inhibitor acting on both the DNA Damage Response and the activation of immune response  without inducing resistance. OX401 is currently being optimized and is undergoing preclinical proof-of-concept studies  alone and in combination with immunotherapies.For further information  please visit www.onxeo.com.Forward looking statementsThis communication expressly or implicitly contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Onxeo and its business. Such statements involve certain known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Onxeo to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Onxeo is providing this communication as of this date and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Onxeo to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the risk factors described in the most recent Company’s registration document or in any other periodic financial report and in any other press release  which are available free of charge on the websites of the Company Group (www.onxeo.com) and/or the AMF (www.amf-france.org).,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.68,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['Dr. Shefali Agarwal', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Onxeo', 'President', 'three U.S. biotechnology companies', 'U.S. investment community', 'Nasdaq First North Copenhagen', 'several biopharma companies', 'U.S. market', 'DNA Damage Response', 'novel epigenetic therapies', 'top two shareholders', 'large B-cell lymphoma', 'voluntary non-profit organization', 'Robert L. Coleman', 'value-creating inflection point', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'dual HDAC/PI3K inhibitor', 'oral checkpoint inhibitor', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'proprietary chemistry platform', 'unmet clinical needs', 'growing biotech hub', 'clinical research efforts', 'robust, pre-clinical pipeline', 'US Oncology Research', 'Scientific Advisory Board', 'new innovative compounds', 'Onxeo S.A.', 'chief medical officer', 'various leadership positions', 'new leadership role', 'global clinical development', 'clinical development organization', 'clinical research operations', 'Cancer Shakti Foundation', 'innovative oncology drugs', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Dr. Shefali Agarwal', 'Onxeo Board member', 'innovative drugs', 'NASDAQ Copenhagen', 'clinical operations', 'Development Officer', 'medical research', 'new influx', 'translational research', 'bridging foundation', 'enterprise-level growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'disruptive compounds', 'clinical proof', 'clinical outcomes', 'clinical acumen', 'Dr. Agarwal', 'consultant role', 'SQZ Biotech', 'AVEO Oncology', 'medical affairs', 'medical degree', 'drug development', 'CEO role', 'Regulatory News', 'Julien Miara', 'Invus SAS', 'extensive experience', 'right choice', 'international visibility', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'regulatory strategy', 'deep experience', 'platON® platform', 'DDR inhibitor', 'next generation', 'PARP agonist', 'optimized versions', 'regulatory function', 'Phase 2 study', 'Phase 1 study', 'solid tumors', 'EMA submissions', 'ovarian cancer', 'increasing responsibility', 'Public Health', 'ITB Med', 'Gritstone Bio', 'cancer awareness', 'successful history', 'unique perspective', 'treatment landscape', 'regulatory processes', 'strategic initiatives', 'therapeutic assets', 'DNA-binding functions', 'unique mechanisms', 'The Company', 'potential partners', 'decoy agonists', 'interim CEO', 'next CEO', 'strong team', 'talented team', 'concept studies', 'Fate Therapeutics', 'unique expertise', 'capital stewardship', 'Onxeo runway', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'ALONX', 'appointment', 'President', 'Principal', 'January', 'capacity', 'Chairwoman', 'AsiDNA®', 'exposure', 'physician', 'training', 'Epizyme', 'duties', 'work', 'opportunities', 'class', 'OX401', 'ways', 'patients', 'eye', 'France', 'infrastructure', 'Massachusetts', 'vision', 'goals', 'Q2', 'Curis', 'Tesaro', 'diffuse', 'ZEJULA®', 'niraparib', 'Covidien', 'Pfizer', 'addition', 'Master', 'Science', 'Directors', 'GRTS', 'Imvax', 'Founder', 'MD', 'behalf', 'action', 'field', 'early', 'oligonucleotides']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2463,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220407005797/en/MaaT-Pharma-Announces-the-Initiation-of-a-Phase-2a-Investigator-Sponsored-Clinical-Trial-Evaluating-MaaT013-in-Combination-with-Immune-Checkpoint-Inhibitors-for-Patients-with-Melanoma,MaaT Pharma Announces the Initiation of a Phase 2a Investigator-Sponsored Clinical Trial Evaluating MaaT013 in Combination with Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors for Patients with Melanoma,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--Regulatory News: MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patie…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today the initiation of a Phase 2a clinical trial1 sponsored by AP-HP2  evaluating MaaT013  MaaT Pharma’s lead Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy candidate  in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI)  ipilimumab (Yervoy®) and nivolumab (Opdivo®)  which are standard first line treatments for patients with metastatic melanoma.The Phase 2a clinical trial is coordinated by Professor Franck Carbonnel  MD  Professor of Gastroenterology at the Kremlin-Bicêtre Hospital in Villejuif  France  and is being carried out in collaboration with INRAE3 and Institut Gustave Roussy. The trial is a randomized  placebo-controlled study and is expected to enroll 60 patients in France. The primary endpoint is safety  while the secondary endpoint will evaluate MaaT013’s potential to improve the response to ICI therapies  as a consequence of MaaT013’s impact on the patient’s gut microbiome. Patients will be randomized to receive either MaaT013 in combination with both ICIs or a placebo with both ICIs. MaaT Pharma will provide MaaT013 drug candidate and the placebo for this study as well as perform the microbiome profiling of patients using its proprietary gutPrint® platform. This clinical trial is registered on clinicaltrials.gov.Several studies have suggested that gut microbiota diversity and richness are predictors of response to ICI treatment4 in patients with solid tumors. Notably  in two recent studies conducted in melanoma patients5  fecal microbiota transfer from ICI therapy responders could overcome resistance to that same therapy in non-responders.About MaaT013MaaT013 is a full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy. It is characterized by a consistently high diversity and richness of microbial species and the presence of ButycoreTM (group of bacterial species known to produce anti-inflammatory metabolites). MaaT013 aims to restore the symbiotic relationship between the patient’s functional gut microbiome and their immune system to correct the responsiveness and tolerance of immune functions and thus reduce steroid-resistant  gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD. MaaT013 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (aGvHD) and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial. MaaT Pharma has obtained positive safety and efficiency clinical data for 76 patients with aGvHD (Phase 2 clinical trial and Early Access Program in France).About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 NCT04988841: Prospective randomIzed clinical trial assessing the tolerance and clinical benefit of feCAl tranSplantation in patientS with melanOma treated with CTLA-4 and PD1 inhibitors.2 AP-HP: Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris3 INRAE: Institut national de recherche pour l’agriculture  l’alimentation et l’environnement4 Routy B. et al  Science 2018  Matson et al  Science 2018  Gopalakrishnan V. et al  Science  20185 Davar D. et al  Science  2021 ; Baruch E.N. et al  Science  2021,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.04,0.29,0.67,True,English,"['Phase 2a Investigator-Sponsored Clinical Trial', 'Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Initiation', 'MaaT013', 'Combination', 'Patients', 'Melanoma', 'lead Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy candidate', 'standard first line treatments', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'Phase 2a clinical trial1', 'Prospective randomIzed clinical trial', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'efficiency clinical data', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Kremlin-Bicêtre Hospital', 'Institut Gustave Roussy', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Early Access Program', 'Institut national de', 'novel disease targets', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'randomized, placebo-controlled study', 'two recent studies', 'fecal microbiota transfer', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'functional gut microbiome', 'acute Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'Professor Franck Carbonnel', 'gut microbiota diversity', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'MaaT013 drug candidate', 'steroid-resistant, gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD', 'quality control process', 'proprietary gutPrint® platform', 'ICI therapy responders', 'Phase 2 trial', 'feCAl tranSplantation', 'same therapy', 'microbiome therapies', 'clinical practice', 'clinical benefit', 'microbiome profiling', 'ICI therapies', 'Several studies', 'standardized, pooled-donor', 'Drug Administration', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'PD1 inhibitors', 'high diversity', 'immune system', 'immune functions', 'full diversity', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'primary endpoint', 'secondary endpoint', 'ICI treatment4', 'solid tumors', 'microbial species', 'bacterial species', 'anti-inflammatory metabolites', 'symbiotic relationship', 'US Food', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'acute GvHD', 'powerful discovery', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'Assistance Publique', 'Hôpitaux', 'MaaT Pharma', 'metastatic melanoma', 'positive safety', 'other words', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'melanoma patients', '60 patients', '76 patients', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'development', 'cancer', 'initiation', 'AP-HP', 'combination', 'ipilimumab', 'Yervoy®', 'nivolumab', 'Opdivo', 'MD', 'Gastroenterology', 'Villejuif', 'collaboration', 'INRAE3', 'potential', 'response', 'consequence', 'impact', 'ICIs', 'clinicaltrials', 'gov', 'richness', 'predictors', 'resistance', 'shelf', 'presence', 'ButycoreTM', 'group', 'responsiveness', 'tolerance', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'oncology', 'March', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'ticker', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'limitation', 'believe', 'aim', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'CTLA-4', '3 INRAE']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2464,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lectra-availability-information-relating-combined-130900576.html,LECTRA: Availability of the information relating to the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  202,Availability of the information relating to the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2022 Paris  April 7  2022 – The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of...,LECTRAAvailability of the information relating to the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2022Paris  April 7  2022 – The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Lectra will take place on Friday April 29  2022 at 9:30 a.m. CET  at the head office situated at 16-18 rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris.The notice of meeting (avis de reunion valant avis de convocation)  which was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) dated March 23  2022  bulletin n°35  includes the agenda  the draft resolutions submitted to this Shareholders’ Meeting and the conditions for participation and exercise of voting rights.All the documents relating to this Shareholders’ Meeting  as referred to in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code  are available online and can be downloaded directly on the Lectra website: https://www.lectra.com/en/investors/shareholder-information/shareholders-meetings.The documents and information relating to this Shareholders’ Meeting are also available to shareholders at Lectra’s head office  or may be received by letter post through a simple and free request addressed to Lectra  Investor Relations  16-18 rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris  under the conditions provided by current legal and regulatory provisions.For companies that breathe life into our wardrobes  car interiors  furniture and more  Lectra crafts the premium technologies that facilitate the digital transformation of their industry. Lectra’s offer empowers brands  manufacturers and retailers from design to production  providing them with the market respect and peace of mind they deserve. Founded in 1973  the company reported revenues of 388 million euros in 2021 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).In June 2021  Lectra acquired Gerber Technology  a USA-based company founded in 1968. Like Lectra  Gerber Technology develops software and automation solutions for fashion  automotive  furniture and other businesses across the globe.For more information  please visit www.lectra.com .Story continuesLectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 742 959 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.05,positive,0.58,0.38,0.04,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'LECTRA', 'Availability', 'information', 'April', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'French Commercial Code', 'French Bulletin des', '16-18 rue Chalgrin', 'RCS Paris B', 'head office', 'draft resolutions', 'voting rights', 'letter post', 'free request', 'Investor Relations', 'current legal', 'regulatory provisions', 'car interiors', 'premium technologies', 'digital transformation', 'market respect', '388 million euros', 'Gerber Technology', 'automation solutions', 'other businesses', 'World Headquarters', 'avis de', 'USA-based company', 'Friday April', 'Lectra website', '9:30 a', '75016 Paris', 'Availability', 'information', 'place', 'CET', 'notice', 'reunion', 'convocation', 'BALO', 'March', 'agenda', 'conditions', 'participation', 'exercise', 'documents', 'Article', 'investors', 'shareholders-meetings', 'simple', 'companies', 'life', 'wardrobes', 'furniture', 'industry', 'offer', 'brands', 'manufacturers', 'retailers', 'design', 'production', 'peace', 'mind', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'LSS', 'June', 'software', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'globe', 'Story', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2465,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/volta-finance-limited-half-yearly-130800144.html,Volta Finance Limited: Half-Yearly Report to 31 January 2022,Volta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS) Publication of the Half-Yearly Financial Reportfor the period from 1 August 2021 to 31 January 2022 NOT FOR RELEASE...,Volta Finance LimitedVolta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS)Publication of the Half-Yearly Financial Reportfor the period from 1 August 2021 to 31 January 2022NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTOTHE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  7 April 2022Volta Finance Limited has published its results for the six month period ended 31 January 2022. The half-yearly financial report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta Finance Limited's website shortly ( www.voltafinance.com ).For further information  please contact:Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate Broker and Corporate Finance AdvisorCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900For the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.Story continues*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.31,0.33,0.36,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Half-Yearly Report', '31 January', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A', 'Volta Finance Limited Volta Finance Limited', 'largest European-based asset managers', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'multi-expert asset management company', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'Corporate Finance Advisor', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'Half-Yearly Financial Report', 'residential mortgage loans', 'THE UNITED STATES', 'six month period', 'Serge Demay serge', 'structured finance assets', 'investment management company', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'listed securities', 'AXA IM', 'AXA Group', 'investment objectives', 'The Company', 'financial markets', 'automobile loans', 'financial protection', 'wealth management', 'Company Secretary', 'Corporate Broker', 'corporate credits', 'The Companies', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Main Market', 'stable stream', 'diversified investments', 'quasi-sovereign debt', 'global leader', 'underlying assets', 'credit cycle', 'VTA/VTAS', 'Publication', '1 August', '31 January', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'INTO', '7 April', 'results', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'information', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'shareholders', 'dividends', 'approach', 'vehicles', 'arrangements', 'exposure', 'portfolios', 'division', 'Story', '2,460 professionals', 'December', 'Attachment', '44']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2466,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/akwel-posts-net-earnings-51-154500023.html,AKWEL POSTS NET EARNINGS OF €51.2 M IN 2021,Thursday 7 April 2022 AKWEL POSTS NET EARNINGS OF €51.2 M IN 2021 Current operating margin of 8.2%Gross cash flow of €167.4 MProposition to maintain dividend...,AkwelThursday 7 April 2022AKWEL POSTS NET EARNINGS OF €51.2 M IN 2021Current operating margin of 8.2%Gross cash flow of €167.4 MProposition to maintain dividend at €0.45 per shareAkwel (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management and mechanisms  posted its 2021 annual results  as approved by the executive board  on 04 April 2022. Audit reports are in the process of being issued.Consolidated data - in € millions 2021 2020 Var. in % Revenue 922.5 937.2 -1.6% EBITDA 117.1 175.3 -33.2% Current operating income 75.2 113.7 -33.8% Current operating margin 8.2% 12.1% -3.9 pts Operating income 70.4 107.0 -34.2% Financial income (2.2) (1.9) - Net result (group share) 51.2 85.5 -40.2% Net margin 5.5% 9.1% -3.6 ptsBUSINESS GROWTH AT CONSTANT SCOPE AND EXCHANGE RATESIn 2021  production levels in the global automotive industry remained low  growing slowly (+2.5%  source IHS Markit)  in an environment still characterised by strong pressure on the supply of raw materials and electronic components. Against this difficult backdrop  AKWEL managed to achieve its objective of increasing business  with reported revenue down 1.6% but up 2.8% at constant scope and exchange rates. Given the low visibility  and the highly volatile production levels of manufacturers  the Group’s ability to adapt and its traditionally conservative inventory management enabled it to meet customer demand.ONE OF THE HIGHEST CURRENT OPERATING MARGINS IN THE SECTORDisrupted production conditions as well as the partial and delayed impact of increases in purchasing prices naturally weighed on the Group’s cost structure in 2021. Gross operating surplus (EBITDA) was down 33.2%  also including an unfavourable base effect of the change in presentation of provisions for warranty returns (+€19m on 2020 EBITDA related to this change)  with no impact on current operating income. This amounted to €75.2m  down 33.8%  as expected at the time of the publication of annual revenue  including an additional provision for a warranty returns of €7.3m  representing a current operating margin of 8.2%  comparable to pre-crisis results. This level of profitability continues to position AKWEL as one of the best-performing European auto parts manufacturers. The recognition of an impairment loss of €3.7m on Swedish activities led to operating income of €70.4m  and after a tax expense down to €16.3m  net income Group share came to €51.2m  representing a net margin of 5.5% of revenue.Story continuesGROSS CASH POSITION OF €167.4 M AT CLOSINGGiven the change in the Group’s operating performance  its self-financing capacity was down to €92.5m. With WCR up €6.8m and €30m in investments made during the financial year  AKWEL generated a free cash flow of €57.1m in 2021  leading to a positive net cash position of €98.2m (including lease obligations) and gross cash flow of €167.4m at the close  compared with €175.1m at the end of 2020. The distribution of a dividend maintained at €0.45 per share for 2021 will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Wednesday 25 May 2022.REMAIN AGILE IN 2022 AND CONTINUE TO PREPARE FOR THE FUTUREWhile the global automotive market is expected to rise in 2022  production uncertainties remain high  with continued tensions on commodities and components and an inflationary global environment reinforced by the current geopolitical situation. Against this backdrop  AKWEL  which has no direct exposure to the Ukraine-Russia region  anticipates a moderate increase in its business  with profitability likely to continue to be penalised by the lack of visibility on customer needs  rising purchasing prices  and the difficulty of quickly passing on major increases in energy and transport costs. With a particularly robust financial position  the Group will increase its investments once again from 2022 to optimise the competitiveness of its sites  and to give itself the means to make the most of all the opportunities identified in terms of product potential as part of the transition from thermal combustion engines to electricity and hydrogen.Next press release: Turnover for the first quarter of 2022  on 05 May 2022  after markets close.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management and mechanisms  offering first-rate industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 9 700 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.04,mixed,0.19,0.2,0.61,True,English,"['AKWEL POSTS NET EARNINGS', 'performing European auto parts manufacturers', 'HIGHEST CURRENT OPERATING MARGINS', 'positive net cash position', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'AKWEL POSTS NET EARNINGS', 'net income Group share', 'GROSS CASH POSITION', 'Gross cash flow', 'free cash flow', 'current geopolitical situation', 'unfavourable base effect', 'thermal combustion engines', 'Next press release', 'Gross operating surplus', 'robust financial position', 'Current operating income', 'Disrupted production conditions', 'conservative inventory management', 'Annual General Meeting', 'global automotive industry', 'volatile production levels', 'global automotive market', 'inflationary global environment', 'rising purchasing prices', 'independent, family-owned group', 'Net margin', 'Financial income', 'Net result', 'operating performance', 'EXCHANGE RATES', 'production uncertainties', 'fluid management', '2021 annual results', 'financial year', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'executive board', 'Audit reports', 'Consolidated data', 'CONSTANT SCOPE', 'IHS Markit', 'strong pressure', 'raw materials', 'customer demand', 'cost structure', 'warranty returns', 'additional provision', 'pre-crisis results', 'impairment loss', 'Swedish activities', 'tax expense', 'self-financing capacity', 'lease obligations', 'continued tensions', 'direct exposure', 'Ukraine-Russia region', 'moderate increase', 'customer needs', 'transport costs', 'product potential', 'first quarter', 'first-rate industrial', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'share Akwel', 'annual revenue', 'electronic components', 'difficult backdrop', 'low visibility', 'delayed impact', 'Wednesday 25 May', 'major increases', 'BUSINESS GROWTH', 'AKW.PA', '05 May', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Proposition', 'dividend', 'mechanisms', 'millions', 'Var', 'EBITDA', 'source', 'supply', 'objective', 'ability', 'SECTOR', 'partial', 'presentation', 'provisions', 'time', 'publication', 'recognition', 'Story', 'CLOSING', 'WCR', 'investments', 'close', 'distribution', 'Shareholders', 'REMAIN', 'FUTURE', 'commodities', 'lack', 'difficulty', 'energy', 'competitiveness', 'sites', 'means', 'opportunities', 'terms', 'transition', 'electricity', 'hydrogen', 'Turnover', 'markets', 'applying', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '9,700 people', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '€', '6', '2020']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2467,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biophytis-provides-updates-sarconeos-bio101-062500516.html,Biophytis Provides Updates on Sarconeos (BIO101) Clinical Development,Regarding SARA:In October 2021  the Company announced that Sarconeos (BIO101) at the highest dose of 350 mg bid demonstrated an increase of 0.09 meter per...,"Sarcopenia (SARA) : discussions engaged with FDA for the preparation of a Phase 2-3 program in sarcopenia  with the objective of having a First Patient In by end of H2 2022COVID-19 (COVA): 237 patients enrolled - early termination of recruitment due to global drop of COVID-19 hospitalizations - results for the phase 2-3 study will be reported in Q3 2022PARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MASSACHUSETTS  US / ACCESSWIRE / April 7  2022 / Biophytis SA (NASDAQ:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS) (the ""Company"" or ""Biophytis"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that slow the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19 today provides an update on its most advanced clinical studies.Regarding SARA:In October 2021  the Company announced that Sarconeos (BIO101) at the highest dose of 350 mg bid demonstrated an increase of 0.09 meter per second (m/s) in the FAS population and of 0.10 m/s in the PP population compared to placebo  for the 400MWT in gait speed  after 6 months of treatment. This result is considered meaningful as the Minimal Clinically Important Difference (MCID) for the 400MWT in sarcopenia is 0.1 m/s.However  due to restrictions during the pandemic  only 106 patients could perform the 400m walk test at the end-of-treatment visit  which was the primary endpoint of our study which resulted in 55% of loss of efficacy data.On January 24  2022  a meeting between the Company and the FDA was held.During which we discussed conducting additional dose-finding and further definition of the proposed population and indication  as well as CMC (chemistry  manufacturing  and control section) data to be submitted  and the regulatory non-clinical plan.We are currently assessing FDA comments and recommendations and preparing for the submission of a seamless design phase 2-3 with the objective of having a First Patient In by H2 2022.Story continuesWe anticipate to have other discussions with FDA in Q3 2022 and with EMA in H1 2022 to get scientific advice  including on the results of the Phase 2b study and potential progression into Phase 2-3.Stanislas Veillet  CEO of Biophytis  declares: ""In 2021 Sarconeos BIO(101) reached a key milestone with the end of SARA phase 2 trial in Sarcopenia. We achieved the study with encouraging results  mostly in the Per Protocol population. Unfortunately it was lacking statistical power due to regulatory restrictions during the pandemic. We are now exchanging with FDA and soon with EMA for the prepation our phase 2-3 study. Assuming authorizations are obtained  we expect to have our FPI by end of H2 2022.""Regarding COVA:The Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) had recommened in September 2021 the continuation of the COVA study unmodified based on the results of the second Interim Analysis on 155 patients  showing the efficacy of the treatment with Sarconeos (BIO101) in the promising zone and no futility of the study. The initial target for the study was the recrtment of 310 to 465 patients.Since April 2020  237 patients meeting the study criteria have been enrolled in the trial in France  the United States  Belgium and Brazil  in 37 clinical centers. Since the end of 2021  global immunity in Europe  US  and Brazil  as well as vaccination campaigns have strongly progressed. In addition  the number of hospital admissions has also decreased due to the reduced severity of the Omicron variant. As a result  the Company has experiencedsignificant slow-downs in the speed of patient recruitment during the last months.In this context after consultation of its experts for the study as well as its medical & scientific advisors  the Company has stopped the enrollment at the 237th patient  and is proceeding to close its clinical centers in Q2 2022  in order to report the results of the study in Q3 2022.Stanislas Veillet  CEO of Biophytis  stated: ""Our clinical trial is inherently dependent on the evolution of the pandemic  which is  after the 5th wave  declining globally in the United States  Europe and Brazil. We are adapting to this situation in giving priority to obtaining the study's results. Stopping the recruitement is an important step that should enable us to announce COVA results during Q3 2022. We are convinced that COVID-19 is becoming endemic and will persist over time. We have yet to demonstrate that Sarconeos (BIO101) might bring a real therapeutic solution for patients hospitalized with severe respiratory manifestations  with no pharmacological treatment option as of today"".As a reminder  the COVA clinical programme (identifier clinicaltrials.gov: NCT04472728) is an international  multi-centre  double-blind  placebo-controlled  group-sequential and adaptive two-part study. It is a phase 2-3 study evaluating Sarconeos (BIO101) in patients aged 45 years and older  hospitalised with severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19. Part 1 of the COVA study is an exploratory Phase 2 proof-of-concept study designed to provide preliminary data on the safety  tolerability and efficacy of Sarconeos (BIO101) in 50 hospitalised patients with severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Part 2 of the COVA study is a randomised phase 3 study investigating the safety and efficacy of Sarconeos (BIO101) on respiratory function in 310 to 465 COVID-19 patients (including the 50 patients from the first part of the study).About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that are aimed at slowing the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19.Sarconeos (BIO101)  our leading drug candidate  is a small molecule  administered orally  being developed as a treatment for sarcopenia with a positive Phase 2 clinical trial performed in the United States and Europe (SARA-INT). It is also being studied in a clinical two-part Phase 2-3 study (COVA) for the treatment of severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19 in Europe  Latin America  and the US. A pediatric formulation of Sarconeos (BIO101) is being developed for the treatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD).The company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and the ADS (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq (Ticker BPTS - ISIN : US09076G1040).For more information visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook "" ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""could "" ""seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risks and uncertainties the Company is to face"" section from the Company's 2021 Full Year Report and as exposed in the ""Risks Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms to be filed respectively with AMF and with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis Contact for Investor RelationsPhilippe Rousseau  CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMedia ContactsAntoine Denry: antoine.denry@taddeo.fr - +33 6 18 07 83 27Agathe Boggio: agathe.boggio@taddeo.fr -+33 7 62 77 69 42SOURCE: BiophytisView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/696487/Biophytis-Provides-Updates-on-Sarconeos-BIO101-Clinical-Development",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.16,0.66,True,English,"['Clinical Development', 'Biophytis', 'Updates', 'Sarconeos', 'BIO101', 'international, multi-centre, double-blind, placebo-controlled, group-sequential', 'Minimal Clinically Important Difference', 'The Data Monitoring Committee', 'severe respiratory failure', '400m walk test', 'real therapeutic solution', 'severe respiratory manifestations', 'Phase 2-3 program', 'seamless design phase', 'exploratory Phase 2 proof', 'regulatory non-clinical plan', 'advanced clinical studies', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Per Protocol population', 'second Interim Analysis', 'adaptive two-part study', 'pharmacological treatment option', 'phase 2-3 study', 'Phase 2b study', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'COVA clinical programme', 'SARA phase 2 trial', 'important step', '37 clinical centers', 'clinical trial', 'preliminary data', 'First Patient', 'early termination', 'global drop', 'NASDAQ:BPTS', 'degenerative processes', 'highest dose', '350 mg bid', 'FAS population', 'PP population', 'primary endpoint', 'additional dose-finding', 'control section', 'scientific advice', 'potential progression', 'Stanislas Veillet', 'key milestone', 'statistical power', 'regulatory restrictions', 'promising zone', 'initial target', 'United States', 'global immunity', 'vaccination campaigns', 'hospital admissions', 'reduced severity', 'Omicron variant', 'experiencedsignificant slow-downs', 'scientific advisors', '237th patient', '5th wave', 'study criteria', 'concept study', 'treatment visit', 'efficacy data', 'COVA study', 'COVID-19 hospitalizations', 'gait speed', 'other discussions', 'patient recruitment', 'last months', 'encouraging results', 'Biophytis SA', 'FDA comments', 'Sarconeos BIO', '310 to 465 patients', 'COVA results', '6 months', '237 patients', '106 patients', '155 patients', 'Sarcopenia', 'preparation', 'objective', 'H2', 'Q3', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'MASSACHUSETTS', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ALBPS', 'development', 'therapeutics', 'update', 'October', 'BIO101', 'increase', '0.09 meter', '0.10 m', '400MWT', 'MCID', 'pandemic', 'loss', 'January', 'meeting', 'definition', 'indication', 'CMC', 'manufacturing', 'recommendations', 'submission', 'Story', 'EMA', 'H1', 'CEO', 'prepation', 'authorizations', 'FPI', 'DMC', 'September', 'continuation', 'futility', 'recrtment', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Europe', 'number', 'context', 'consultation', 'experts', 'medical', 'enrollment', 'Q2', 'order', 'evolution', 'situation', 'priority', 'recruitement', 'time', 'today', 'reminder', 'clinicaltrials', 'safety', 'tolerability', '2021']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2468,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/second-part-phase-ii-clinical-154500145.html,The second part of the Phase II clinical trial of DNV3837 in Clostridioides difficile infections to be extended to Canada,The second part of the Phase II clinical trial of DNV3837 in Clostridioides difficile infections to be extended to Canada The extension of the clinical trial...,DeinoveThe second part of the Phase II clinical trial of DNV3837 in Clostridioides difficile infections to be extended to CanadaThe extension of the clinical trial in Canada will add 5 new sites to those already active in the United States and accelerate patient enrolment for the second part of the trialDr. Thomas Louie  Professor of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases at the University of Calgary (Canada) and a world expert on Clostridioides difficile  will be the medical lead for the study in CanadaDEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris  ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance  announced today the extension of its clinical trial to Canada  approved by the Canadian Health authority  with the opening of 5 new sites  complementing those already opened in the United States. This second country will accelerate patient enrollment in this Phase II clinical trial of DNV3837 in Clostridioides difficile infections.This announcement follows the review of the data from the first part of the trial by the independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB)  which gave a positive opinion for the continuation of the trial (see press release of January 6  2022).The second part of the study will be conducted in an open-label manner. Thus  all 40 patients who will be included in the trial will receive DNV3837. As a reminder  the second part of the trial has been optimized with a reduction in the dose and duration of intravenous administration to 6 hours per day during the 10-day treatment period. This modification simplifies the management of the trial for the investigating physicians and their teams.Dr. Thomas Louie  Professor of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases at the University of Calgary (Canada) and a world expert on Clostridioides difficile  will lead and report on the trial in Canada. He said: “I am delighted to join this trial to evaluate DNV3837  which could be an important advance in the management of patients with Clostridioides difficile infection  in particular severely affected patients with bowel dysmotility where orally administered antimicrobials may have difficulty reaching the active site of infection.”Story continuesAlexis Rideau  CEO of DEINOVE  concluded “The extension of our trial into Canada is a major step forward for DEINOVE and provides new hope for Canadian patients. We are proud to work with leading specialists  notably Dr. Thomas Louie  a world expert in the development of innovative therapeutic solutions for Clostridioides difficile infections.”ABOUT CLOSTRIDIOIDES DIFFICILE INFECTIONS (ICD)More than 40% of hospitalized patients with Clostridioides difficile infection (CDI) have been classified as severe disease associated with higher morbidity and mortality1. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) identifies CDI as one of the leading causes of hospital-acquired infections  ahead of even MRSA2 infections. In the United States  it is estimated that CDI causes nearly half a million disease cases each year  and approximately 29 300 deaths3. This condition is not limited to the United States and recent studies4 show that the incidence of this type of infection is greatly underestimated in other parts of the world  such as Europe and Asia.To date  there is no proven therapeutic solution for CDI patients with severe vomiting  ileus and toxic megacolon. The oral route being compromised  the available treatments  which are mostly oral  have difficulty reaching the intestine because of the patient's pathological condition (reduced gastrointestinal motility  intubation  intestinal perforation  etc.)  and the few antibiotics that could be administered intravenously do not cross the gastrointestinal barrier and therefore do not reach the infection site.ABOUT THE DNV3837 ANTIBIOTIC CANDIDATEDNV3837 – a prodrug5 of the DNV3681 molecule (also known as MCB3681) – is a narrow-spectrum  hybrid oxazolidinone-quinolone synthetic antibiotic targeting only Gram-positive bacteria. It is developed as a highly active first-line treatment targeting C. diff.It has demonstrated significant activity and superiority to reference treatments against isolates of C. diff.  regardless of their virulence (including the hyper virulent BI/NAP1/027 strain).DNV3837 is an intravenous antibiotic that  when converted to its active form DNV3681  crosses the gastrointestinal barrier and accumulates in the intestinal lumen  allowing it to precisely target the infection site. Several Phase I trials (on approximately a hundred healthy volunteers) have shown a high concentration of the antibiotic in stools  a strong marker of its presence in the intestine. It has also demonstrated its ability to eliminate Clostridioides bacteria without affecting the gut microbiota.FDA granted the DNV3837 drug with Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) designation and Fast Track status.For more information on the DNV3837 Phase II clinical trial in Clostridioides difficile infections  visit ClinicalTrials.gov: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03988855ABOUT DEINOVEDEINOVE is a French biotechnology company pioneering the exploration of a new domain of life  unexplored at 99.9%: the “microbial dark matter”. By revealing the metabolic potential of rare bacteria or still classified as uncultivable  it tackles a global health and economic challenge: antimicrobial resistance.The new therapies discovered and developed by DEINOVE target superbugs (microbes that have become resistant to one or more antimicrobials) that cause life-threatening infections which are now spreading at high speed.This breakthrough approach gave rise to one of the world’s first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms and a unique collection of nearly 10 000 rare strains and thousands of bacterial extracts. Today  DEINOVE is conducting several development programs  of which its first antibiotic candidate is currently evaluated in a Phase II clinical trial in severe Clostridioides difficile infections  one of the world’s first emergencies. The Company has also developed new bacterial micro-factories that address the other issue in the race against antimicrobial resistance: the industrial production of these rare and low concentrated compounds with often too complex chemical structures to be generated by chemical synthesis.Located at the heart of the Euromedecine park in Montpellier  DEINOVE has been listed on EURONEXT GROWTH® (ALDEI – code ISIN FR0010879056) since 2010. The Company has over 50 employees and relies on a network of world-class academic  technological  industrial and institutional partners.CONTACTSInvestorsMario AlcarazChief Financial Officer+33 (0)4 48 19 01 00ir@deinove.comMediaATCG Partners – Marie PUVIEUX+33 (0)9 81 87 46 72 / +33 (0)6 10 54 36 72communication@deinove.com1 Zar FA et al. Clin Infect Dis. 2007 Aug 01; 45(3):302-7.2 MRSA: methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus3 Guh AY  Mu Y  Winston LG et al. N Engl J Med 2020;382:1320–304 Balsells E  Shi T  Leese C  Lyell I  Burrows J  Wiuff C  Campbell H  Kyaw MH  and Nair H (2019) Global burden of Clostridium difficile infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis. J Glob Health 9:0104075 Prodrug: substance whose transformation in the body results in an active productAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.2,0.2,0.6,True,English,"['Phase II clinical trial', 'Clostridioides difficile infections', 'second part', 'DNV3837', 'Canada', 'half a million disease cases', 'independent Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'narrow-spectrum, hybrid oxazolidinone-quinolone synthetic antibiotic', 'Several Phase I trials', 'hyper virulent BI/NAP1/027 strain', 'DNV3837 Phase II clinical trial', 'active first-line treatment targeting', 'Qualified Infectious Disease Product', '10-day treatment period', 'Dr. Thomas Louie', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'French biotech company', 'urgent, global challenge', 'hundred healthy volunteers', 'Fast Track status', 'Canadian Health authority', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'Clostridioides difficile infections', 'DNV3837 ANTIBIOTIC CANDIDATE', 'severe disease', 'Disease Control', 'hospital-acquired infections', 'MRSA2 infections', 'Clostridioides bacteria', 'Infectious Diseases', 'active site', 'active form', 'antibiotic resistance', 'intravenous antibiotic', 'second part', '5 new sites', 'United States', 'medical lead', 'bacterial biodiversity', 'second country', 'first part', 'positive opinion', 'press release', 'open-label manner', 'intravenous administration', 'investigating physicians', 'important advance', 'bowel dysmotility', 'Alexis Rideau', 'major step', 'new hope', 'leading specialists', 'higher morbidity', 'leading causes', 'recent studies4', 'other parts', 'severe vomiting', 'toxic megacolon', 'oral route', 'gastrointestinal motility', 'intestinal perforation', 'gastrointestinal barrier', 'infection site', 'Gram-positive bacteria', 'C. diff', 'significant activity', 'intestinal lumen', 'high concentration', 'strong marker', 'gut microbiota', 'QIDP) designation', 'Canadian patients', 'DNV3837 drug', 'world expert', 'patient enrolment', 'patient enrollment', 'The Centers', 'available treatments', 'pathological condition', 'DNV3681 molecule', 'CDI patients', '40 patients', 'Deinove', 'Canada', 'extension', 'Professor', 'Microbiology', 'University', 'Calgary', 'study', 'ALDEI', 'pioneer', 'exploration', 'exploitation', 'opening', 'announcement', 'review', 'DSMB', 'continuation', 'January', 'reminder', 'reduction', 'dose', 'duration', '6 hours', 'modification', 'management', 'teams', 'antimicrobials', 'difficulty', 'Story', 'CEO', 'development', 'ICD', 'More', 'mortality', 'Prevention', 'CDC', '29,300 deaths', 'incidence', 'type', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'ileus', 'intestine', 'intubation', 'antibiotics', 'prodrug5', 'MCB3681', 'superiority', 'isolates', 'virulence', 'stools', 'presence', 'ability', 'FDA', 'information', 'ClinicalTri']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2469,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/agfa-partners-atos-realize-digital-120600067.html,Agfa partners with Atos to realize its digital transformation,Agfa partners with Atos to realize its digital transformation Paris  France; Mortsel  Belgium – 7 April  2022– Atos and Agfa today announced the conclusion...,Atos InternationalAgfa partners with Atos to realize its digital transformationParis  France; Mortsel  Belgium – 7 April  2022– Atos and Agfa today announced the conclusion of a major partnership according to which Atos will accompany Agfa’s digital transformation. Atos will provide and manage a major part of Agfa’s internal IT services and will support the company’s digital journey. As a global imaging technology and IT leader  Agfa has engaged in an ambitious IT transformation program  striving for a simple  agile  and future-proof digital organization.Through this strategic move  Agfa will benefit from Atos' long-lasting expertise to implement an innovative and modern IT landscape while optimizing its IT cost in all of its countries of operations. Atos will implement first-class solutions  including mainframe services  hosting  workplace management  cloud solutions  and network.Atos’ solutions will also include a range of key application-related services and transformational projects  aiming at simplifying  standardizing  and modernizing the Agfa IT landscape  including a harmonization of Agfa's ERP  CRM  HR  and digital workplace solutions. By personalizing and significantly enhancing the IT experience for over 7 000 employees of Agfa  Atos will allow them to enjoy the highest level of employee experience in the sector and help them to further innovate for their clients.Jean-Claude Geha  Head of Telecom  Media and Technology at Atos  said “We are pleased to welcome the former Agfa employees and help them take a step further into the future with our cutting-edge technologies and expertise. Through our partnership  we are focused on providing Agfa and its employees with innovative tools  using transformational initiatives and next-generation technologies to deliver best-in-class imaging systems and IT solutions to their customers.”Dirk De Man  CFO at Agfa-Gevaert Group  commented “We are very pleased to enter into this partnership with Atos. It will accelerate Agfa’s global transformation  while planned cost optimizations will allow us to invest in future-proof digital systems and to further improve the services we provide to our customers. Simplification  modernization  and digital transformation are at the heart of this partnership  while the cultural fit between the two companies will also ensure the successful onboarding of the former Agfa IT teams into the Atos organization.”Story continues***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 109 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud  and high performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education  and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Contact:Constance Arnoux | constance.arnoux@atos.net | +33 6 44 12 16 35About AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals  and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2020  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact AgfaViviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationSeptestraat 272640 Mortsel - BelgiumT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0) 3 444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.12,True,English,"['Agfa partners', 'digital transformation', 'Atos', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Next 20 Paris Stock indexes', 'ambitious IT transformation program', 'former Agfa IT teams', 'Dirk De Man', 'high performance computing', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'modern IT landscape', 'key application-related services', 'future-proof digital organization', 'internal IT services', 'future-proof digital systems', 'Agfa IT landscape', 'secure information space', 'digital workplace solutions', 'global imaging technology', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', 'former Agfa employees', 'Corporate Communication', 'IT solutions', 'imaging systems', 'global transformation', 'IT leader', 'IT cost', 'HealthCare IT', 'digital transformation', 'workplace management', 'global leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'IT experience', 'digital journey', 'decarbonized digital', 'Digital Print', 'The Group', 'first-class solutions', 'end solutions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'Offset Solutions', 'major part', 'strategic move', 'mainframe services', 'transformational projects', 'highest level', 'Jean-Claude Geha', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'transformational initiatives', 'next-generation technologies', 'cost optimizations', 'cultural fit', 'two companies', 'successful onboarding', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'decarbonization services', 'Societas Europaea', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'four divisions', 'printing industry', '1,760 million Euro', 'Atos organization', 'employee experience', 'cloud solutions', 'Agfa partners', 'innovative tools', 'leading company', 'healthcare sector', 'long-lasting expertise', 'Atos’ solutions', 'Atos International', 'Contact Agfa', 'Constance Arnoux', 'Johan Jacobs', '7,000 employees', '109,000 employees', 'partnership', 'Atos.', 'France', 'Mortsel', 'Belgium', '7 April', 'conclusion', 'countries', 'operations', 'hosting', 'network', 'range', 'harmonization', 'ERP', 'CRM', 'HR', 'clients', 'Head', 'Media', 'step', 'customers', 'CFO', 'Simplification', 'modernization', 'heart', 'Story', 'cybersecurity', 'tailored', 'industries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', '150 years', 'Chemicals', 'market', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Septestraat', 'Attachment']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2470,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coface-sa-am-best-affirms-160000937.html,COFACE SA: AM Best affirms Coface’s main operating subsidiaries rating at A (Excellent) with a stable outlook,COFACE SA: AM Best affirms Coface’s main operating subsidiaries rating at A (Excellent) with a stable outlook Paris  7 April 2022 – 18.00 The rating agency...,Coface SACOFACE SA: AM Best affirms Coface’s main operating subsidiaries rating at A (Excellent) with a stable outlookParis  7 April 2022 – 18.00The rating agency AM Best affirmed on xx April 2022 the A (Excellent) Insurer Financial Strength – IFS rating of Compagnie française d’assurance pour le commerce extérieur (la Compagnie)  Coface North America Insurance Company (CNAIC) and Coface Re. The outlook for these ratings remain “stable”.In its press release  AM Best highlights that this rating reflect “Coface group’s balance sheet strength  which AM Best categorises as very strong  as well as its adequate operating performance  favourable business profile and appropriate enterprise risk management”.This strength is underpinned by a consolidated risk-adjusted capitalization at the strongest level as measured by the Best’s Capital Adequacy Ratio (BCAR) score.AM Best also acknowledges that “the group’s operating performance is expected to remain at an adequate level over the medium term  supported by management’s ability to take prompt risk-mitigating actions on non-performing business when required”.Last  in its release  the rating agency underscores that this note reflects Coface’s “leading position in the global credit insurance market  which is characterised by high barriers to entry”.CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 - corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2021/2022(subject to change)Q1-2022 results: 28 April 2022 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2021: 17 May 2022H1-2022 results: 28 July 2022 (after market close)9M-2022 results: 27 October 2022 (after market closeFINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsStory continuesFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for S1-2021 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”)COFACE: FOR TRADEWith 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.25,0.45,True,English,"['main operating subsidiaries rating', 'AM Best', 'stable outlook', 'COFACE SA', 'Excellent', 'Coface North America Insurance Company', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'appropriate enterprise risk management', 'main operating subsidiaries rating', 'Excellent) Insurer Financial Strength', 'global credit insurance market', 'Single Risk insurance', 'trade credit insurance', 'Main risk factors', 'commerce extérieur', 'Capital Adequacy Ratio', 'prompt risk-mitigating actions', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'Interim Financial Report', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'balance sheet strength', 'adequate operating performance', 'favourable business profile', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'integral regulatory information', 'Compagnie française', 'adjacent specialty services', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'global economy', 'credit decisions', 'adequate level', 'performing business', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'The Group', 'rating agency', 'IFS rating', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'new information', 'risk-adjusted capitalization', 'strongest level', 'BCAR) score', 'medium term', 'leading position', 'high barriers', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'Q1-2022 results', 'H1-2022 results', '9M-2022 results', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'AM Best', 'press release', 'Coface SA', 'Coface Re.', 'stable outlook', 'dynamic businesses', 'unidentified risks', 'xx April', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', '7 April', '28 April', '6 April', 'assurance', 'CNAIC', 'ratings', 'consolidated', 'ability', 'note', 'entry', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '17 May', '27 October', 'website', 'Story', 'APM', 'S1', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', 'world', 'companies', 'solutions', 'non', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,538 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'declarations', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'chapter', 'AMF', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '1 49 02']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2471,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220407006006/en/Public-Storage-to-Release-First-Quarter-2022-Earnings-Results-and-Host-Quarterly-Conference-Call,Public Storage to Release First Quarter 2022 Earnings Results and Host Quarterly Conference Call,GLENDALE  Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today it intends to release its first quarter 2022 earnings results after the market close on Tuesday  May 3  2022. A conference call is scheduled for Wednesday  May 4  2022  at 9:00 a.m. …,GLENDALE  Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today it intends to release its first quarter 2022 earnings results after the market close on Tuesday  May 3  2022. A conference call is scheduled for Wednesday  May 4  2022  at 9:00 a.m. (PDT) to discuss these results.Live conference call Domestic dial-in number: (888) 632-3382 International dial-in number: (785) 424-1250 Conference ID: PSAQ122 Simultaneous audio webcast link: PublicStorage.com  under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar” Conference call replay Domestic dial-in number: (800) 938-1594 International dial-in number: (402) 220-1543 Webcast link: PublicStorage.com  under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar” Date accessible through: May 11  2022Company InformationPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2021  we had: (i) interests in 2 787 self-storage facilities located in 39 states with approximately 198 million net rentable square feet in the United States  (ii) an approximate 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self-Storage SA (Euronext Brussels:SHUR) which owned 253 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 14 million net rentable square feet operated under the “Shurgard” brand  and (iii) an approximate 41% common equity interest in PS Business Parks  Inc. (NYSE:PSB) which owned and operated approximately 28 million rentable square feet of commercial space at December 31  2021. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.Additional information about Public Storage is available on the Company’s website at PublicStorage.com.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['First Quarter 2022 Earnings Results', 'Host Quarterly Conference Call', 'Public Storage', '198 million net rentable square feet', '14 million net rentable square feet', 'PSAQ122 Simultaneous audio webcast link', '28 million rentable square feet', 'seven Western European nations', 'approximate 35% common equity interest', '41% common equity interest', 'PS Business Parks', 'Shurgard Self-Storage SA', 'Live conference call', 'Domestic dial-in number', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Shurgard” brand', 'Conference ID', 'self-storage facilities', 'first quarter 2022', 'Investor Relations', 'Event Calendar', 'International dial', 'Public Storage', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'Euronext Brussels', 'commercial space', 'Additional information', 'earnings results', 'Company Information', 'United States', '39 states', 'GLENDALE', 'Calif.', 'NYSE', 'market', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Wednesday', '9:00 a', 'PDT', 'PublicStorage', 'News', 'Events', 'About', 'Date', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'PSB', 'headquarters', 'California', 'website']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2472,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000197.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5867 £ 24.8108 Estimated MTD return 0.46 % 0.48 % Estimated YTD return -2.10 % -1.95 % Estimated ITD return 185.87 % 148.11 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.54 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.39 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.0724 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.1088The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '833 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'discount', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2473,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hipay-profitable-growth-2021-operating-050000904.html,HiPay: A new year of profitable growth in 2021  operating cash flow of +6.8M€,Annual revenues up 18% compared to an exceptional 2020 EBITDA once again positive at 2.8 million euros  an increase of 88% excluding elements related to the ...,HiPay GroupAnnual revenues up 18% compared to an exceptional 2020EBITDA once again positive at 2.8 million euros  an increase of 88% excluding elements related to the public health crisis in 2020Strong cash flow of 6.8 million euros from operating activitiesApril 7  2022 at 7:00 am: HiPay  a fintech specializing in omnichannel payment solutions announces its 2021 results.In millions of euros (IFRS norms) 2020 2021 Var. % Consolidated Income Statement1 Payment volume 5 565 6 612 + 19% Revenue 45.7 53.9 + 18% EBITDA 3.4 2.8 - 17% Current operating income -0.1 -0.7 - Net income -1.8 -4.3 - Consolidated Balance Sheet1 Shareholders' equity 34.5 29.9 - 13% Available cash 3.1 2.1 - 31%Sustained growth in 2021  after an exceptional 2020In 2021  HiPay’s payment volume reached 6.6 billion euros (1 billion euros more than in 2020)  and revenue was 53.9 million euros (up 18% vs. 2020)  corresponding to a stable revenue-to-payment volume ratio of 0.82%.After 2020  which was strongly spurred by the pandemic and confinements and led many merchants to accelerate their digital transformations  HiPay managed to maintain a robust growth rate  due in particular to the continued growth of e-commerce. The group capitalized on its strong position with its core target group  tier-2 customers.During the 2019/2021 period  the average annual growth rate was +24% compared to +19% during the 2017/2019 period.Controlling operating costsThe direct cost rate remains at 0.45%  equivalent to that of 2020 and 2019  which attests to HiPay's ability to control its operating costs.EBITDA was 2.8 million euros  which was positive for a second year in a row after 3.4 million euros in 2020  a year in which the company benefited from operating cost savings due to the public health situation  including partial business measures not renewed in 2021. When adjusted for this situation  EBITDA increased by 88%.Taking into account a loss of -2.8 million euros from non-ordinary activities (total and prudent provision for a tax risk)  a net loss of -0.6 million euros and a tax expense of 0.3 million euros  the net result is -4.3 million euros (vs. -1.8 million euros in 2020).Story continuesStrong operating cash flow generationHiPay's 2021 performance resulted in an operating cash flow of 6.8 million euros  which is higher than its investments. It consists mainly of cash flow from operations of 3.6 million and a change in working capital of 3.2 million. HiPay's business model  once operational profitability is achieved  benefits from an advantageous working capital structure. Its main revenue components are collected much quicker than its direct costs and other operating expenses are disbursed.As of December 31  2021  the company has 2.1 million euros in available cash.Additionally  there is a 3.7 million euro unused balance from the BJ Invest current account. Therefore  as of December 31  2021  HiPay has a cash mobilization capacity of 5.8 million euros.OutlookHiPay expects another year of double-digit growth in 2022  with first quarter sales growing at a more moderate pace than in the last quarter of 2021. At the same time  the group will continue to rigorously manage its expenses by striving to contain structural costs and by controlling the increase in its marketing budget in order to convert an increasingly significant portion of its growth into EBITDA and operating cash flow generation.Additionally  HiPay will continue to grow profitably by expanding its client portfolio  increasing the average volume processed per client and regularly adding new value-added features to its platform.Next financial communication: Q1 2022 revenue - May 19  2022 before market opening.1 Consolidated income at 31 December 2021 is currently being reviewed by external auditors. The accounts were closed on 31 March 2022 by the board of directors. The 2021 financial report as well as the auditors’ report will be published on the company’s website.2 Direct cost rate: commissions paid to payment partners and technical connection costs as a percentage of volume of businessAbout HiPayHiPay is a global payment service provider. By harnessing the power of payment data  we help our merchants grow by providing them with a 360-degree view of their business.More information on hipay.comHiPay Group is listed on Euronext Growth (ISIN code: FR0012821916 – ALHYP).Media Relations Investor Relations NewCap Investors Annie Hurley (CMO)+33 (0)6 81 16 07 52ahurley@hipay.com Jérôme Daguet (CFO)+33 (0)7 86 53 93 93jdaguet@hipay.com Théo Martin+33 (0)7 6248 69 45tmartin@newcap.frThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase HIPAY. If you wish to obtain more information on HiPay Group  we invite you to refer to our website at hipay.com  under Investors. This release may contain certain forward-looking statements. Although HiPay believes these statements are based on reasonable assumptions as of the date of this release  they are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by these statements. HiPay Group operates in a highly-evolving industry in which new risk factors may emerge. HiPay Group assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect new information  events or circumstances.Attachment,neutral,0.18,0.79,0.03,mixed,0.35,0.28,0.36,True,English,"['operating cash flow', 'new year', 'profitable growth', 'HiPay', 'Media Relations Investor Relations NewCap Investors Annie Hurley', ""Consolidated Balance Sheet1 Shareholders' equity"", 'Consolidated Income Statement1 Payment volume', 'Strong operating cash flow generation', 'Jérôme Daguet', 'global payment service provider', '3.7 million euro unused balance', 'advantageous working capital structure', 'BJ Invest current account', 'average annual growth rate', 'Strong cash flow', 'Current operating income', 'public health crisis', 'omnichannel payment solutions', 'operating cost savings', 'new value-added features', 'Théo Martin', 'direct cost rate', 'cash mobilization capacity', 'payment volume ratio', 'robust growth rate', 'first quarter sales', 'Next financial communication', 'technical connection costs', 'public health situation', 'other operating expenses', 'core target group', 'main revenue components', 'partial business measures', '1 Consolidated income', 'average volume', 'strong position', 'operating costs', 'Annual revenues', 'operating activities', 'Net income', 'payment partners', 'payment data', 'available cash', 'direct costs', 'last quarter', '2021 financial report', 'Sustained growth', 'continued growth', 'double-digit growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'structural costs', '2.8 million euros', '6.8 million euros', '53.9 million euros', '3.4 million euros', '0.6 million euros', '0.3 million euros', '2.1 million euros', '5.8 million euros', 'IFRS norms', 'digital transformations', '2019/2021 period', '2017/2019 period', 'non-ordinary activities', 'prudent provision', 'tax risk', 'tax expense', 'net result', 'operational profitability', 'moderate pace', 'same time', 'marketing budget', 'significant portion', 'market opening', 'external auditors', 'auditors’ report', '360-degree view', 'ISIN code', 'reasonable assumptions', '6.6 billion euros', 'stable revenue', 'Q1 2022 revenue', 'business model', 'many merchants', 'net loss', 'client portfolio', 'More information', 'forward-looking statements', 'second year', 'press release', 'hipay.com', 'HiPay Group', 'exceptional 2020', 'EBITDA', 'increase', 'elements', 'April', 'fintech', '2021 results', 'millions', 'pandemic', 'confinements', 'e-commerce', 'tier', 'customers', 'company', 'total', 'Story', '2021 performance', 'investments', 'operations', 'change', 'December', 'Outlook', 'order', 'platform', 'May', 'accounts', '31 March', 'board', 'directors', 'website', 'commissions', 'percentage', 'power', 'ALHYP', 'CMO', 'ahurley', 'CFO', 'jdaguet', 'tmartin', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'risks', 'uncertainties', '7:00']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2474,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fro-combination-between-frontline-ltd-063000449.html,FRO - Combination between Frontline Ltd. and Euronav NV,COMBINATION BETWEEN FRONTLINE LTD. AND EURONAV NV Creating a global leader in the oil tanker industry HAMILTON  Bermuda and ANTWERP  Belgium  April 7  2022 –...,"Frontline Ltd.COMBINATION BETWEEN FRONTLINE LTD. AND EURONAV NVCreating a global leader in the oil tanker industryHAMILTON  Bermuda and ANTWERP  Belgium  April 7  2022 –Frontline Ltd. (“FRO” or “Frontline”) (NYSE: FRO - OSE: FRO) and Euronav NV (“EURN” or “Euronav”) (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) are pleased to announce that the companies have signed a term sheet that has been unanimously approved by their Board of Directors and Supervisory Board  respectively  on a potential stock-for-stock combination between the two companies  based on an exchange ratio of 1.45 FRO shares for every EURN share resulting in Euronav and Frontline shareholders owning approximately 59% and 41%  respectively  of the combined group. It is anticipated that Euronav will pay total dividends of up to 12 cents before the closing of the business combination with no impact on the exchange ratio.If the combination materializes  the combined group would continue under the name Frontline and would continue to operate from Belgium  Norway  UK  Singapore  Greece and the US. The combined group will be headed by Mr. Hugo De Stoop as the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors of the combined group is expected to consist of seven members  including three current independent Euronav Supervisory Board members  two nominated by Hemen Holding Limited (“Hemen”) and two additional new independent directors. Frontline's largest shareholder Hemen  and related companies owning shares in Euronav  have committed to support the potential transaction.Commenting on the possible combination  Mr. John Fredriksen said: “A combination of Frontline and Euronav would establish a market leader in the tanker market and position the combined group for continued shareholder value creation in addition to significant synergies. The new Frontline would be able to offer value enhancing services for our customers and increase fleet utilisation and revenues which would benefit all stakeholders. I am very excited and give my full support and commitment to this combined platform”.Story continuesA combination would create a leading global independent oil tanker operator  with:A market capitalization of more than USD 4.2 billion based on market values of the respective companies as of 6 April 2022Leading global tanker market participation with 69 VLCC and 57 Suezmax vessels  and 20 LR2/Aframax vesselsA strong balance sheet and access to attractive financing  supporting industry leading operational break-even levels for the combined fleetLeading combined expertise in the shipping industry with the ability to attract and retain world-class talentSignificant benefits arising from a larger combined fleet leading to  among other benefits  improved overall utilization and cost synergies which will lead to uplifted shareholder valueSignificant synergies related to SG&A and other savings expected to be extracted from the combined entity; andLeadership in sustainable shipping  aiming for the highest ESG standards in the industryA combination between Frontline and Euronav would bring together two complementary platforms in a highly competitive environment. The two organisations would create a single best-in-class  highly competent and experienced team. The enlarged fleet would enable the combined group to provide better service to customers on a global basis. Additionally  and in view of rapid technological changes  including digitalization and new “low carbon fuels” adoption  the combined group would be able to mobilise more resources and achieve meaningful scale to meet these challenges and opportunities from the energy transition.Mr. Lars H. Barstad  CEO of Frontline said: “Frontline believes this transaction would form a powerful combination at an exciting point in the cycle. The combination would create a strong platform to further enhance shareholder value for our investors.”Mr. Carl Steen  Chairman of Euronav said: “A transaction between Frontline and Euronav is expected to deliver real value for both sets of shareholders. The financial strength of the combined group  with a strong leadership team  would make the combined entity well placed to maximize value throughout the tanker market cycle.”Mr. Hugo De Stoop  CEO of Euronav said: “This transaction would mark an exciting development for the tanker industry  creating a leading tanker company which would be positioned to serve the needs of customers  support partners and drive technology and sustainability initiatives to lead the energy transition.”A combination remains subject to agreement on a transaction structure  confirmatory due diligence  agreement on the terms and conditions of the potential combination agreement  applicable board  shareholder  customer  lender and/or regulatory approvals  employee consultations and other customary completion conditions.Frontline and Euronav are working diligently to agree on and finalise an appropriate transaction structure for the potential business combination. It is premature to guide the market on when such combination can be completed and there can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be reached between the parties  and the consummation of any transaction is subject to several conditions as set forth above. Frontline and Euronav will update all stakeholders on any future developments in accordance with applicable regulations.AdvisorsLazard is serving as financial advisor to Euronav. Advokatfirmaet Schjødt AS  Allen & Overy LLP  Seward & Kissel LLP and MJM Limited are serving as legal counsel to Frontline in connection with the combination. KPMG is advising Frontline on tax related matters. Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP is serving as legal counsel to Euronav. ABG Sundal Collier ASA is serving as financial advisor to Frontline and DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  has acted as financial advisor to the independent part of the Frontline Board.April 7  2022The Board of DirectorsFrontline Ltd.Hamilton  BermudaForward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the ""Reform Act"") provides safe harbor protections for forward- looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. Frontline and Euronav desire to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Reform Act and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  Euronav and Frontline management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in company records and other data available from third parties. Although Euronav and Frontline management believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the companies' control  there can be no assurance that Frontline or Euronav will accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the ability of Frontline and Euronav to successfully complete the proposed combination on anticipated terms and timing  including  among other things  agreeing on a transaction structure  negotiating and executing definitive documentation  obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals  unforeseen liabilities  future capital expenditures  revenues  expenses  earnings  synergies  economic performance  indebtedness  financial condition  losses  future prospects  business and management strategies  expansion and growth of the combined group's operations and other important conditions to the completion of the acquisition  risks relating to the integration of operations of Frontline and Euronav and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed combination will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe  the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed combination  the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with Frontline or Euronav  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values (including the possibility of a material decline or prolonged weakness in such rates)  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in the companies' operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for the companies' vessels  availability of financing and refinancing to meet the capital needs of the combined group  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities in the tanker industry  including without limitation  legislation adopted by international organizations such as the International Maritime Organization and the European Union or by individual countries  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns  crew wages  changes in demand for oil and petroleum products and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see Frontline's and Euronav's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on Frontline’s and Euronav's forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are and will be based upon Frontline and Euronav management's then-current views and assumptions regarding future events and operating performance  and are applicable only as of the dates of such statements. Neither Frontline nor Euronav assumes any duty to update or revise forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  as of any future date.The information included in this announcement is defined as inside information pursuant to article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation and is publicly disclosed in accordance with article 17 of the Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. The announcement is made by the contact person.IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR INVESTORSThis announcement is not a recommendation in favour of a vote on the proposed combination  nor is it a solicitation of proxies in connection with any such vote. In connection with the proposed combination  Frontline and/or Euronav may file with the SEC a registration statement on Form F–4 that may constitute a prospectus and may include a proxy of Frontline and/or Euronav (the “Registration Statement”). Frontline and Euronav may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed combination. INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE  BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED COMBINATION AND RELATED MATTERS.You may obtain a free copy of the Registration Statement (if and when it becomes available) and other relevant documents filed by Frontline and Euronav with the SEC at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.In addition  you will be able to obtain free copies of these documents by contacting the investor relations department of Frontline or Euronav at the following:Frontline Ltd. Euronav NV Lars H. BarstadChief Executive Officer  Frontline Management AS Tel: +47 23 11 40 37Email: Lars.Barstad@frontmgt.no Mr. Brian Gallagher Euronav Investor Relations Tel: +44 20 7870 0436Email: IR@euronav.comNO OFFER OR SOLICITATIONThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy  sell  or solicit any securities or any proxy vote or approval  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.About Frontline Ltd.Frontline is an independent tanker company engaged in the ocean transportation and storage of crude oil. The company is incorporated in Bermuda and headquartered in Oslo  Norway with commercial offices in London  UK. Frontline is listed on both the NYSE and OBX exchange in Oslo under the symbol FRO. Frontline employs its fleet both on the spot and period market. Frontline’s owned and operated fleet consists of 19 VLCCs (with further six due for delivery in 2022)  27 Suezmaxes and 18 LR2 tankers.About Euronav NVEuronav is an independent tanker company engaged in the ocean transportation and storage of crude oil. The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices throughout Europe and Asia. Euronav is listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. Euronav employs its fleet both on the spot and period market. VLCCs on the spot market are traded in the Tankers International pool of which Euronav is one of the major partners. Euronav’s owned and operated fleet consists of 2 V-Plus vessels  41 VLCCs (with further three under construction)  27 Suezmaxes (one of which is in a joint venture and two vessels time chartered in) with a further three under construction and 2 FSO vessels under long term contract.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.65,0.23,0.11,True,English,"['Frontline Ltd.', 'Euronav NV', 'Combination', 'three current independent Euronav Supervisory Board members', 'leading global independent oil tanker operator', 'industry leading operational break-even levels', 'two additional new independent directors', 'Leading global tanker market participation', 'new “low carbon fuels', 'Mr. Hugo De Stoop', 'Mr. Lars H. Barstad', 'other customary completion conditions', 'leading tanker company', 'oil tanker industry', 'COMBINATION BETWEEN FRONTLINE LTD.', 'Mr. John Fredriksen', 'Mr. Carl Steen', 'Leading combined expertise', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'highest ESG standards', 'two complementary platforms', 'rapid technological changes', 'confirmatory due diligence', 'value enhancing services', 'strong balance sheet', 'tanker market cycle', 'Hemen Holding Limited', 'appropriate transaction structure', 'shareholder value creation', 'strong leadership team', 'larger combined fleet', 'potential business combination', 'seven members', 'potential combination agreement', 'global leader', 'global basis', 'new Frontline', 'two organisations', 'two companies', 'other benefits', 'other savings', 'strong platform', 'shipping industry', 'applicable board', 'term sheet', 'potential stock', 'experienced team', 'market leader', 'market capitalization', 'market values', 'potential transaction', 'real value', 'combined platform', 'combined entity', 'exchange ratio', 'total dividends', 'to 12 cents', 'largest shareholder', 'significant synergies', 'fleet utilisation', 'full support', '57 Suezmax vessels', '20 LR2/Aframax vessels', 'attractive financing', 'world-class talent', 'Significant benefits', 'overall utilization', 'cost synergies', 'SG&A', 'sustainable shipping', 'competitive environment', 'meaningful scale', 'energy transition', 'exciting point', 'financial strength', 'exciting development', 'support partners', 'sustainability initiatives', 'regulatory approvals', 'employee consultations', 'stock combination', 'possible combination', 'powerful combination', 'related companies', 'respective companies', 'EURONAV NV', 'combined group', 'EURN share', 'Frontline shareholders', '1.45 FRO shares', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', 'NYSE', 'OSE', 'Euronext', 'closing', 'impact', 'name', 'Norway', 'UK', 'Singapore', 'Greece', 'customers', 'revenues', 'stakeholders', 'commitment', 'Story', 'USD', '6 April', '69 VLCC', 'access', 'uplifted', 'competent', 'view', 'digitalization', 'adoption', 'resources', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'CEO', 'investors', 'Chairman', 'sets', 'needs', 'technology', 'terms', 'lender']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2475,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biophytis-announces-2021-operational-financial-062500603.html,Biophytis Announces 2021 Operational and Financial Results and Gives Updates on 2022 perspectives,* Success of Nasdaq IPO in February 2021 * €23.9M of available cash on December 31 2021 and new financing instruments for a total of €42M allowing financial ...,"Success of Nasdaq IPO in February 2021€23.9M of available cash on December 31 2021 and new financing instruments for a total of €42M allowing financial visibility beyond mid 2023Strong growth of operational expenses to €26.8M  mainly reflecting clinical program advancement in COVID-19 (COVA) and in sarcopenia (SARA)Significant milestones reached for COVA and SARA allowing to prepare for future development of the programsPARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MASSACHUSETTS  US / ACCESSWIRE / April 7  2022 / Biophytis SA (NASDAQ:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of therapeutics that slow the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19  today announces its non audited financial results for the year ended December 31  2021  and provides updates on key operational achievements as well as perspectives for 2022.Stanislas Veillet  President and CEO of Biophytis  declares: ""2021 was a very busy year for Biophytis  both for our financing and for the execution of our clinical studies. We have succeeded in listing the Company on Nasdaq in February 2021  which now allows us to be present in the most important market in the world for investment in Biotech. We also renewed our instruments with historical partners: Atlas and Kreos Capital  for a total of €42M of new financings. Those new instruments  together with our €24 millions of cash at the end of December 2021 should allow a good financial visibility for the development of the Company.Regarding the projects  after having launched COVA - our international study in Covid-19 in 2020 - the whole Company was focused in 2021 on patient recruitment. Based on the independent DMC review of our study in September 2021 based on the first 155 patients  Sarconeos (BIO101) was demonstrating efficacy in the ""promising zone"" for respiratory manifestations linked to COVID-19. This interim result was very important for us to progress the study into its last phase. Since then  the health situation has changed. The number of hospitalized patients has decreased  due to a lower severity from the Omicron variant  and to the strong progression of collective immunization. Therefore  we have taken the decision to early terminate patient enrolment into the COVA study  in order to be able to report results by Q3 2022. In the meantime  we will have the opportunity to bring Sarconeos (BIO101) to some patients in Brazil  in the framework of an Expanded Access Program (EAP) for which we obtained authorization from ANVISA last December 2021.Lastly  2021 was also a landmark year for SARA  our phase 2 trial in Sarcopenia. We achieved the study with encouraging results  despite a reduced cohort having performed the full test of our primary endpoint: the 400MWT test  due to restrictions during the pandemic. We are now exchanging with FDA for the preparation our phase 2-3 study and assuming authorizations are obtained  we expect to enroll our first patient in by H2 2022.Story continuesIn a global very unstable context since two years  we have demonstrated our capacity to adapt  while progressing the development of our main assets. We are still concentrating on the Company key objective  which is to bring to the market the products coming from our research.""Major operational milestones achieved during 2021:As regards to our global Phase 2-3 COVA study in COVID-19:The Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) had recommended in September 2021 from the Interim Analysis 2 the continuation of the COVA study without modification of the protocol based on results showing the efficacy of the treatment with Sarconeos (BIO101) in the promising zone and no futility of the study 237 patients have been randomized to date  over a total cohort expected to be between 310 and 465 patients  in 35 clinical centers in France  Belgium  the USA and BrazilAs regards to our Phase 2 SARA-INT trial for the treatment of Sarcopenia:Sarconeos (BIO101) at the highest dose of 350 mg bid demonstrated an increase of 0.1 meter per second (m/s) in the PP population (Per Protocol subset of participants that complied to the clinical protocol) of treatment). This result is meaningful as the Minimal Clinically Important Difference (MCID) for the 400MWT in sarcopenia is 0.1 m/s.However  due to restrictions during the pandemic  only 106 patients could perform the 400m walk test at the end-of-treatment visit  which was the primary endpoint of our study - ie 55% of loss of efficacy data Following a type C meeting in January 2022 with the FDA the Company is currently preparing a Phase 2-3 study  with the objective of having a first patient in during H2 2022  pending regulatory authorizations  and depending on the evolution of the pandemic.2022 outlook and perspectives:For the COVAstudy in COVID-19:To date  237 patients have been recruited in our COVA study. Due to the evolution of the pandemic in the territories of our studies which are presenting high vaccination and collective immunization rates  provided the predominance of the Omicron variant which involve significantly lower number of hospital cases  patient recruitment has strongly slowed down and then stopped since the first months of 2022. In this context  we have decided to early terminate patient enrollment  and plan to report the results of this trial by Q3 2022.For the SARA study in Sarcopenia:Following the first type C meeting with FDA in January 2022  a second type C meeting is planned in Q3 2022 to discuss the Phase 2-3 protocol. The objective is to have a FPI (First patient In) for this study during H2 2022. We also plan to have discussions with EMA during H2 2022  in order to obtain scientific advice on the Phase 2 results and the progression toward a phase 2-3. These plans remain subject to regulatory authorizations and procedures  any delays in patient recruitment or retention  interruptions in sourcing or supply chain  and to COVID-19-related delays.For the MYODAstudy in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD):After an IND ''may proceed'' letter from the FDA (USA)in December 2019  in March 2021 Biophytis received approval from the Belgian FAMHP to proceed with its clinical investigation of Sarconeos (BIO101) in non-ambulatory patients with DMD. However due to the COVID-19 situation and its impact on our operational capabilities  the MYODA study has been delayed to end of 2022 or beginning of 2023 depending on the evolution of the pandemic.Annual 2021 Financial ResultsThe Company's annual 2021 non-audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS were reviewed by the Company's Board of Directors on April 4  2022. Audit procedures are being completed  the issuance of the audit report is pending  and will be included in the Company's upcoming 2021 annual financial report and SEC Form 20-F  respectively to be filed with AMF and SEC.* Cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits included in other current financial assets.Cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits included in other current financial assets as of December 31  2021 were €23.9 million  a significant increase of €5.6 million compared to €18.3 million as of December 31  2020.The table below summarizes the non audited profit and loss statement.* Research and Development Expenses. Net research and development expenses were €19.7 million for 2021  an increase of €9.8 million  compared to €9.9 million in 2020. This increase is mainly reflecting the progression of the COVA program from Phase 1 to Phase 2  the finalization of SARA-INT  our phase 2 trial in Sarcopenia  as well as the scaling up of Sarconeos (BIO101) to prepare for potential registration.Net research and development expenses included research tax credits (French 'Crédit d'Impôt Recherche'  or CIR) totaling €4 million in 2021 compared to €3.3 million in 2020.* General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses were €7.2 million for 2021 compared to €4 million for 2020  an increase of €3.2 million  primarily in connection with our listing on Nasdaq  and to higher personnel costs.Financial results:Financial loss amounted to €4.4 million in 2021 vs €11.6 million in 2020  a decrease of €7.2 million  resulting majorly from the variation of the fair value as calculated using IFRS 9  for our various convertible financing instruments  respectively Atlas  Kreos and Negma in 2021 and Atlas & Negma in 2020.* Net Loss. Net loss was €31.2 million for 2021  as compared to €25.5 million for 2020. Net loss per share (based on weighted-average number of shares outstanding over the period except the treasury shares) was €0.26 in 2021 compared to €0.43 in 2020.Appointments:Biophytis has reinforced its management teams through the nominations of: Benoit Canolle as Chief Business Officer  and Rob Van Maanen as Chief Medical Officer in 2021  then Philippe Rousseau as Chief Financial Officer in April 2022  upon departure of Evelyne NguyenAt the Board level  Claude Allary serves as Independent Director since July 2021  replacing Jean Franchi.Reminder of key operational events(more details are provided in our press releases as available on Biophytis's website: www.biophytis.com)Cova Phase 2-3 program in respiratory deficiencies linked to COVID-19:On May 12th  the Company announced it has recruited the 155th participant for Part 2 of the study in patients infected with COVID-19  which allowed the independent Data Monitoring Committee(DMC) to conduct its second interim analysis  based on safety and efficacy data  for thecontinuation of the trial  in case of favourable results.On June 30th  Biophytis secured contracts with a major global Custom Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) for the manufacturing of registration batches of Sarconeos (BIO101). These contracts were signed in preparation of the potential filing of the product in COVID-19 for Emergency Use Authorization with FDA  or Conditional Marketing Authorization with EMA.On August 16th  the Company announced recommendation by the Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) to continue patient recruitment into part 2 of the COVA study with the protocol unmodified after review of safety data  based on the first 50 patients.On September 15th  the Company announced the recommendation by the DMC to continue the COVA study without any modification of the protocol after the interim efficacy data were found in the promising zone.This Interim Analysis 2 was based on 155 COVID-19 patients hospitalized with respiratory failure and has shown no futility  indicating that BIO101 remains a candidate treatment for acute respiratory failure associated with COVID-19.In December 2021 we received approval from the ANVISA (Brazilian health authority) to use our product Sarconeos (BIO101) for an Expanded Access Program (EAP) to treat hospitalized patients with severe COVID-19. A maximum of 80 patients who are mechanically ventilated in Intensive Care Unit of Brazilian hospitals will be treated with Sarconeos (BIO101) for up to 28 days to prevent further deterioration and mortality.Lastly  the Company has announced today the early termination of patient recruitment provided the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic  and projects to report results by Q3 2022.SARA Phase 2 program in sarcopenia:On October 4th  the Company announced full results of the study  showing that Sarconeos (BIO101) at the highest dose of 350 mg bid showed an increase of 0.09 meter per second (m/s) in the FAS population and of 0.10 m/s in the PP population compared to placebo in observed data  for the 400MWT in gait speed  after 6 months of treatment in observed data. The Minimal Clinically Important Difference (MCID) for the 400MWT in sarcopenia is 0.1 m/s.The product also showed a very good safety profile at the doses of 175 mg bid and of 350 mg bid with no Serious Adverse Events (SAE) related to the product.On January 24  2022  a type C meeting between the Company and the FDA was held.During the meeting  we discussed conducting additional dose-finding studies  as well as safety and pharmacokinetics data.We also discussed further definition of the proposed population and indication  and CMC (chemistry  manufacturing  and control section) data to be submitted  as well as the regulatory non-clinical plan.We will assess  and address FDA's recommendations in the coming development of our seamless Phase 2-3 program. Based on the comments from FDA  we plan to submit the protocols for our next studies in Q4 2022. We also anticipate discussions with the EMA in the first half of 2022  to get scientific advice including on the results of the Phase 2b study and potential progression into Phase 2-3.Reminder of key financial eventsIPO on Nasdaq in February 2021:On February 12  2021  the Company closed its previously announced initial public offering on the Nasdaq Capital Market by way of a capital increase of 12 000 000 ordinary shares represented by 1 200 000 American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"")  with each ADS representing 10 ordinary shares  at a price of $16.75 per ADS. Total gross proceeds were approximately $20.1 million. The Company received net proceeds of approximately $16.35 million or €13.5 million  after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions  management fee and offering expenses payable by the Company. Since February 10  2021  Biophytis ADSs are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (US trading ticker: BPTS)ORNANE convertible line with Atlas capital:In October 2021 the Company signed a new line of financing through Bonds Redeemablein Cash and New and Existing Shares (ORNANE) with Atlas  a specialized investment fund basedin New York - USA  for €32 million. The new financing instrument allows the issuance of 1280 bonds with an option for exchange in cash and/or conversion into new or existing shares (ORNANE). The €32 million total financing can be drawn by Biophytis over the next three years  without obligation  through 8 successive tranches of €4 million each  subject to the issuance of the last tranche under the previous Atlas Contract. This last tranche occurred in December 2021.At the beginning of April 2022  the Company has drawn a first tranche of €4 million from this contract.As of April 5th 2022  based on 147541 024 outstanding shares  assuming conversion on this day and a conversion price equal to 96% of the pricing period VWAP of €0.22  dilution is reflected as follows:Impact on a shareholder's 1% stake in the Company's capital prior to the transactionNon dilutedDilutedBefore issuing of new ORNANEUpon conversion of the ORNANE from tranche 1 of the 2021 Atlas contact: issuing of 18117 202 additional shares1.00%0.89%0.94%0.84%Financing line with Kreos Capital:In November 2021  the Company as secured a €10 million total loan with Kreos Capital comprising of four tranches of respectively €2.5 million  €3.0 million  €2.5 million and €2.0 million.The two first tranches were drawn upon signing of the contract on November 19  2021. Besides the loan  Kreos Capital will receive Biophytis' share warrants (""bons de souscription d'action"" or ""BSA"") for a total of approximately €1 million.Over the €10 million total bonds  €7.75 million were in straight bonds  and €2.25 million were in convertible bonds to be fully repaid after 36 months. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal at fixed interest rates of respectively 10.00 % and 9.50% per annum.****About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that are aimed at slowing the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Sarconeos (BIO101)  our leading drug candidate  is a small molecule  administered orally )just achieved its phase 2 development as a treatment for sarcopenia in the United States and Europe (SARA-INT). It is also being studied in a clinical two-part Phase 2-3 study (COVA) for the treatment of severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19 in Europe  Latin America  and the US. A pediatric formulation of Sarconeos (BIO101) is being developed for the treatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). The company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and the ADS (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040).For more information visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook "" ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""could "" ""seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risks and uncertainties the Company is to face"" section from the Company's 2021 Full Year Report and as exposed in the ""Risks Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms to be filed respectively with AMF and with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis Contact for Investor RelationsPhilippe Rousseau  CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMedia ContactsAntoine Denry: antoine.denry@taddeo.fr - +33 6 18 07 83 27Agathe Boggio: agathe.boggio@taddeo.fr -+33 7 62 77 69 42SOURCE: BiophytisView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/696488/Biophytis-Announces-2021-Operational-and-Financial-Results-and-Gives-Updates-on-2022-perspectives",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.4,0.15,0.45,True,English,"['Financial Results', 'Biophytis', '2021 Operational', 'Updates', '2022 perspectives', 'The Data Monitoring Committee', 'Minimal Clinically Important Difference', 'global Phase 2-3 COVA study', 'Expanded Access Program', 'type C meeting', 'key operational achievements', 'phase 2-3 study', 'severe respiratory failure', 'Phase 2 SARA-INT trial', '400m walk test', 'clinical program advancement', 'Major operational milestones', 'independent DMC review', 'good financial visibility', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Company key objective', 'new financing instruments', 'phase 2 trial', 'last phase', 'operational expenses', 'Strong growth', 'Significant milestones', 'important market', 'respiratory manifestations', 'new financings', 'new instruments', 'full test', 'efficacy data', '35 clinical centers', 'degenerative processes', 'Stanislas Veillet', 'historical partners', 'Kreos Capital', 'international study', 'patient recruitment', 'promising zone', 'health situation', 'lower severity', 'Omicron variant', 'strong progression', 'collective immunization', 'patient enrolment', 'primary endpoint', 'first patient', 'unstable context', 'two years', 'main assets', 'Interim Analysis', 'highest dose', '350 mg bid', 'PP population', 'high vaccination', 'clinical protocol', 'financial results', '400MWT test', 'clinical studies', 'Nasdaq IPO', 'NASDAQ:BPTS', 'busy year', 'landmark year', 'Protocol subset', 'available cash', 'interim result', 'encouraging results', 'regulatory authorizations', 'future development', 'Biophytis SA', 'first 155 patients', 'hospitalized patients', 'treatment visit', 'total cohort', '237 patients', '465 patients', '106 patients', 'Success', 'February', 'December', 'mid 2023', 'COVID', 'sarcopenia', 'programs', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'MASSACHUSETTS', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ALBPS', 'therapeutics', 'updates', 'perspectives', 'President', 'CEO', 'execution', 'world', 'investment', 'Atlas', '€24 millions', 'projects', 'September', 'Sarconeos', 'BIO101', 'number', 'decision', 'order', 'Q3', 'meantime', 'opportunity', 'Brazil', 'framework', 'EAP', 'ANVISA', 'restrictions', 'pandemic', 'FDA', 'preparation', 'H2', 'Story', 'capacity', 'products', 'research', 'continuation', 'modification', 'futility', 'Belgium', 'USA', 'regards', 'increase', '0.1 meter', 'second', 'participants', 'MCID', 'loss', 'January', 'evolution', '2022 outlook', 'COVAstudy', 'territories', '310']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2476,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,"http://www.globalsecuritymag.fr/Senior-Cloud-Security-Architect,20220406,123983.html",Senior Cloud Security Architect,EliteCyber represents a major player in mobility markets and listed on Euronext Paris.My client operates through multi brands meeting every customer specific needs.They deliver mobility solutions...,Senior Cloud Security Architectavril 2022 par Elite Cyber GroupDesign a resilient  Business-focused security architecture taking full advantage of the cloudHelp answer security questionnaires from RFPs and review contractual security clausesProvide security expertise to IT projectsIdentify and define security requirements  baselines and controls for both the existing environment and new developments in IT infrastructure Contribute to the maintenance of Information Security policies and standards Define and support the implementation of a modern  cloud-native  flexible and resilient security architecture for our cloud efforts Identify security design gaps in existing and proposed architectures and recommend changes or enhancements Know details of the Company security practices  and answer security questionnaires from current and potential B2B customers Support IT projects in identifying  evaluating risks and proposing relevant countermeasures Participate in evaluation and selection of products and security solutions  set the security requirements and coordinate or run POCs Identify and communicate current and emerging security threatsInternal: IT Ops (Network Services  Projects  Integration  …)  Product Lines  Local IT  Legal & Privacy...External: Cloud providers (AWS)  software and hardware suppliers  penetration testing providers  Security Operation Center provider  other outsourcing companiesAWS (mainly) & Google Cloud Platform (secondary)Datacenters with 2 000 servers (AIX  Linux  Windows) - VMware - CitrixGoogle SuiteSplunkSymantec (SEP  DLP  CASB)Ballabit / One Identity security bastionRapid7Burp SuitePalo Alto  F5 BigIP with ASMAt least an experience of 6 years on a similar jobRelevant certifications such as CISSP  CISSP-ISSAP is appreciatedKnowledge of Cobit  TOGAF is appreciatedEducation level / certificates: Engineer or equivalent levelEnglish fluent ; French and Spanish are a plusStrong technical backgroundExperience in crisis managementTechnical knowledge of network  databases and operating security systemsGoogle's Office suiteEliteCyber represents a major player in mobility markets and listed on Euronext Paris.My client operates through multi brands meeting every customer specific needs.They deliver mobility solutions worldwide solutions through an extensive network in 137 countries.Their actually in a middle of big digital transformation projects such as Cloud migration and many more to come for next year.Within the Product & Technology direction  reporting to the CISO  the Senior Cloud Security Architect main objectives are:Internal and External relationships:Technical environment:PROFILEComputer skills and software usedFrance IDF PARIS cloud aws google google-cloud datacentres datacenter vmware virtualisation virtualization Windos linus citrix google-suite splunk - symantec ballabit one-identity rapid7 burp burp-suite palo alto réseau network fw firewall firewalls firewalling F5 BigIP ASM COBIT TOGAF cybersecurite cybersecurity sécurité-it it-security Consultant- Architect architecture cloud-security mobile-security IAM identity-access-maangement gestion-des-identités identités-numériques ad active-directory iaas paas api casb architecture design conception seucirty-design it-security design Cybersecurity-architecture IAM Identity-acess-management iot internet-of-the-things ISO 2700x ISO27001 ISO27002 ISO 27005 SANS NIST CISSP CISM GIAC-GSE ISC2-ISSAP ISSEP CCSP cloud-security cloud-architecture cloud cybersécurité Cybersecurity-consultant Cybersecurity-engineer ingénieur-cybersécurité SOC Sécurity-Operation-center GRC Gouvernance Risques Conformité Gouvernance Risk Compliance Technical-securité Security-policy Infosec Information-security Risk-management risk-manager risk-analysis compliance conformité iso2700k iso 27001 iso27002 iso27005 ebios mehari gap analysis pm project-management chef-de-projet program-management program-manager program-director international english iot electronics industrySalaire : 60k€-80k€ (selon expérience)Date annonce : 06/04/2022Date de debut : 06/04/2022Lien pour postuler : https://apply.jobadder.com/eu1/3099...Lien : https://elitecyber-group.com/cyber-...,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Senior Cloud Security Architect', 'SANS NIST CISSP CISM GIAC-GSE ISC2-ISSAP ISSEP CCSP cloud-security cloud-architecture cloud cybersécurité Cybersecurity-consultant Cybersecurity-engineer ingénieur-cybersécurité SOC Sécurity-Operation-center GRC Gouvernance Risques', 'Conformité Gouvernance Risk Compliance Technical-securité Security-policy Infosec Information-security Risk-management risk-manager risk-analysis compliance conformité', 'one-identity rapid7 burp burp-suite palo alto réseau network fw firewall firewalls', 'F5 BigIP ASM COBIT TOGAF cybersecurite cybersecurity sécurité', 'google google-cloud datacentres datacenter vmware virtualisation virtualization', 'active-directory iaas paas api casb architecture design', 'security design Cybersecurity-architecture IAM Identity-acess-management iot', 'identités identités', 'cloud-security mobile-security IAM identity', 'One Identity security bastion Rapid7', 'english iot electronics industry Salaire', 'Windos linus citrix google-suite splunk', 'Senior Cloud Security Architect', 'usedFrance IDF PARIS cloud', 'ebios mehari gap analysis', 'security Consultant- Architect architecture', 'resilient, Business-focused security architecture', 'Security Operation Center provider', 'big digital transformation projects', 'Google Cloud Platform', 'resilient security architecture', 'security design gaps', 'contractual security clauses', 'Information Security policies', 'Company security practices', 'emerging security threats', 'operating security systems', 'modern, cloud-native, flexible', 'potential B2B customers', 'other outsourcing companies', 'Burp Suite', 'penetration testing providers', 'Strong technical background', 'Cloud providers', 'cloud efforts', 'Cloud migration', 'Elite Cyber Group', 'Network Services', 'extensive network', 'Google Suite', 'security questionnaires', 'security expertise', 'security requirements', 'Euronext Paris', 'security solutions', 'Technical environment', 'IT projects', 'full advantage', 'new developments', 'IT infrastructure', 'relevant countermeasures', 'IT Ops', 'Local IT', 'hardware suppliers', 'similar job', 'Relevant certifications', 'Education level', 'equivalent level', 'crisis management', 'Office suite', 'major player', 'mobility markets', 'multi brands', 'specific needs', 'next year', 'Technology direction', 'main objectives', 'External relationships', 'PROFILEComputer skills', 'maangement gestion', 'numériques', 'management chef', 'projet program', 'management program', 'manager program', 'expérience', 'Technical knowledge', 'mobility solutions', 'existing environment', 'Product Lines', 'Date annonce', 'symantec ballabit', 'RFPs', 'baselines', 'controls', 'maintenance', 'standards', 'implementation', 'architectures', 'changes', 'enhancements', 'details', 'current', 'risks', 'evaluation', 'selection', 'products', 'POCs', 'Integration', 'Legal', 'Privacy', 'AWS', 'software', 'Datacenters', '2 000 servers', 'AIX', 'Linux', 'Windows', 'DLP', 'experience', '6 years', 'CISSP-ISSAP', 'certificates', 'French', 'Spanish', 'databases', 'EliteCyber', 'client', '137 countries', 'middle', 'CISO', 'Internal', 'access', 'seucirty', 'things', '2700x', 'debut', 'postuler', 'jobadder', '27005']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,globalsecuritymag.fr
2477,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/genfit-reports-full-2021-financial-201000071.html,GENFIT Reports Full-Year 2021 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update,Cash and cash equivalents totaled €258.8 million as of December 31  2021Major financial achievements in 2021 include landmark strategic partnership deal with...,Cash and cash equivalents totaled € 258.8 million as of December 31  202 1Major financial achievements in 2021 include landmark strategic partnership deal with Ipsen  successful convertible debt renegotiation and non-dilutive f unding through French State-Guaranteed Loan sImportant R&D milestones reached in 2021   includ ing launch of Phase 1 in acute on chronic liver failure ( ACLF )   in-licensing of GNS561 ( a novel molecule ) in cholangiocarcinoma ( CCA ) and recognition of NIS4® technology’s unique performance by FNIH NIMBLE studyOutlook 2022 Elafibranor in P rimary B iliary C holangitis (PBC) : commitment for topline data readout in the second quarter 2023 reaffirmed NTZ in ACLF: Phase 1 data expected by third quarter 2022 GNS561 in CCA : t arget to start Phase 1b/2 trial by fourth quarter 2022Conference call (English and French) on April 8  2022 at 8am ET / 1pm GMT / 2pm CETLille  France; Cambridge  MA; April 7  2022 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases  today announced annual financial results for the year ended December 31  2021. A summary of the consolidated financial statements is included below.Pascal Prigent  CEO of GENFIT  commented: “2021 was a pivotal year for us. We are pleased to have delivered on our key commitments which were to improve our financial situation  pursue our Phase 3 trial and strengthen our pipeline. We are grateful to our dedicated team for their efforts in realizing these objectives and our investors for their continued support. We start 2022 having made great progress regarding ELATIVE™  and our improved financial visibility will enable us to grow our pipeline and accelerate our existing programs  as we continue to seek therapeutic and diagnostic solutions that can improve the health and quality of life of patients affected by severe chronic liver diseases.”Financial results*KEY FIGURES (CONSOLIDATED) (in € thousands  except earnings per share data) 31/12/2020 31/12/2021 Revenues and other income 7 758 85 579 Research and development expenses (59 097) (35 166) General and administrative expenses (14 270) (16 153) Marketing and market access expenses (11 216) (1 539) Reorganization and restructuring expenses (5 308) (142) Other operating income (expenses) (764) (763) Operating income (loss) (82 897) 31 816 Financial income 6 544 44 780 Financial expenses (25 296) (7 122) Financial profit (loss) (18 752) 37 658 Net profit (loss) before tax (101 649) 69 474 Income tax benefit (expense) 428 (2 215) Net profit (loss) (101 221) 67 259 Basic earnings (loss) per share (€/share) (2 60) 1 51 Diluted earnings (loss) per share (€/share) 0 00 1 23 Cash  cash equivalents and current financial assets 171 029 258 756* Unaudited financial statements. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are underway.Revenue and other operating incomeStory continuesRevenue and other operating income for 2021 amounted to €85.6 million compared to €7.8 million for 2020.Revenue for 2021 amounted to €80.1 million  mainly from the receipt of the €120.0 million upfront payment from Ipsen  out of which €80.0 million is recognized as 2021 revenue  after deduction of €40.0 million deferred revenue  which will gradually be recognized as revenue following the completion of the ELATIVE™ double-blind study. Other revenue recognized in 2021 is related to licensing agreements with Labcorp for the deployment of NIS4® technology in NASH.Revenue for 2020 amounted to €0.8 million  mainly from the license agreements with Labcorp  as well as one-time sales of goods and services within the scope of the collaboration and license agreement with Terns Pharmaceuticals.Other operating income included mainly the research tax credit (known as Crédit d’Impôt Recherche or CIR) granted by the French tax authorities  which amounted to €5.3 million for 2021 compared with €7.9 million for 2020  which was reduced by a €1.9 million expense following the settlement of a dispute relating to the CIR for 2010  2011  2012 and 2014.Operating expenses and operating resultOperating expenses for 2021 amounted to €53.8 million compared to €90.7 million for 2020.R&D expenditures  general and administrative expenses  marketing and market access expenses and other operating expenses decreased in 2021 compared to the previous year  amounting to €53.6 million compared to €85.3 million for 2020. This decrease mainly reflected the effects of the reorganization and restructuring plan  which was initiated during the fourth quarter 2020 and throughout 2021. The non-recurring costs associated with the implementation of the reorganization and restructuring plan decreased significantly from €5.3 million in 2020 to €0.1 million in 2021  consisting primarily of fees related to the renegotiation of the convertible bonds  partially offset by the reversal of certain impairment losses and provisions previously booked in 2020.In 2021  GENFIT generated a consolidated operating result of €31.8 million compared to an operating loss of €82.9 million in 2020.Financial result2021 resulted in a financial income of €37.7 million compared to a financial loss of €18.8 million in 2020.This variation was mainly due to the €35.6 million one-time bonus relating to the partial buyback of the convertible bonds (OCEANE) and to the decrease in expenses related to financial interest from €11.6 million in 2020 to €4.8 million in 2021.The foreign exchange result on cash and cash equivalents was a net gain of €6.7 million in 2021  compared to a net loss of €8.5 million in 2020. This mainly resulted from the effect of the exchange rate fluctuations on the cash investments held in US dollars  which have been kept in their original currency since they were invested. In connection with the preceding  €5.9 million out of the total 2021 foreign exchange result is qualified as unrealized.Cash and cash equivalentsAs of December 31  2021  the Company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to €258.8 million compared with €171.0 million as of December 31  2020.This is mainly the result of:The €120.0 million non-refundable initial payment received from Ipsen pursuant to the license agreement signed in December 2021  further increased by €24.0 million of collected VAT;Ipsen’s €28.0 million equity investment in GENFIT’s share capital received in December 2021;The reimbursement in October 2021 of the 2020 CIR for €7.9 million;The granting of two State-guaranteed loans and a subsidized loan in June  July and November 2021 for a total amount of €15.2 million;€47.5 million (not including transaction expenses) disbursed for the partial buyback of the OCEANE convertible bonds in January 2021; andCash used in operating activities over the period.Note: taking into account the partial buyback of the OCEANEs and the conversions into shares that have taken place since the renegotiation of the convertible debt  which gave rise to the creation of 6 941 875 new shares  the residual convertible bond debt amounts to a nominal amount of €56.9 million as of April 7  2022  i.e. less than a third of the amount of the initial nominal debt of €180.0 million. The number of OCEANEs remaining in circulation is 1 923 662  representing a maximum dilution in the event of conversion of all convertible bonds of 17.52% (in % of capital held as of April 7  2022).2021 Key HighlightsFinancial – key highlightsSuccessful c onvertible debt renegotiationWe successfully restructured the convertible debt at the end of January 2021 with a partial buy-back and extended the maturity to October 2025. At the end of 2021  the outstanding nominal debt was approximately €56.9 million  i.e. less than a third of the initial nominal debt of €180.0 million.Non-dilutive State-Guaranteed Loan s for a total amount of €15 .2 millionIn 2021  GENFIT secured €15.2 million non-dilutive loans granted in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic  of which €13 million are guaranteed up to 90% by the French state.Long-term strategic partnership with IPSENIn December 2021  GENFIT entered into an exclusive  worldwide1 licensing agreement with IPSEN for elafibranor  a Phase 3 asset evaluated in Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Under the terms of the agreement  GENFIT received an upfront cash payment of €120.0 million and is eligible for regulatory  commercial and sales-based milestone payments of up to €360.0 million. GENFIT is also eligible to receive tiered double-digit royalties of up to 20%. In addition to global commercialization2  IPSEN will be responsible for all clinical development of elafibranor following completion of the ELATIVE™ double-blind period  including completion of the long-term open-label extension period of the ELATIVE™ trial. To underscore GENFIT and Ipsen’s long-term partnership  Ipsen has taken an 8% ownership stake for €28.0 million. Ipsen has now become GENFIT’s largest shareholder.Pipeline development – key highlightsElafibranor development program in PBCDespite the COVID-19 pandemic  patient enrolment for the Phase 3 ELATIVE™ clinical trial progressed well throughout 2021  with positive Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) outcomes. In February 2021  the Company announced the publication  in the Journal of Hepatology  of the positive results of the Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating elafibranor in patients with PBC and an incomplete response to ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA). These results show a clinically significant improvement on the primary and composite biochemical evaluation criteria which is the primary endpoint of the pivotal trial to support accelerated approval. In addition  the results showed a positive trend on the improvement of pruritus  while preserving a favorable tolerability profile.Significant progress made in implementing our n ew pipeline strategyIn May 2021  we announced our new strategic direction in R&D which centers around refocusing our efforts in two new franchises with significant unmet medical needs: Acute on Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) and cholestatic diseases.In November 2021  we announced the first patient first visit for the evaluation of NTZ in subjects with hepatic impairment and we are currently initiating a Phase 1 study in renal impairment as part of our ACLF program. ACLF is a severe liver disease with a high unmet need. These Phase 1 studies represent a key milestone in the Company’s pipeline development and  upon completion and if positive  will enable GENFIT to progress towards a proof-of-concept study in patients with acute decompensated cirrhosis and ACLF.In December 2021  GENFIT strengthened its cholestatic disease franchise through the in-licensing of exclusive rights from Genoscience Pharma to develop and commercialize the investigational drug GNS561 in cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) in the United States  Canada and Europe  including the United Kingdom and Switzerland.On the diagnostics side of the business  in November 2021  a study undertaken by the Non-Invasive Biomarkers of Metabolic Liver Disease (NIMBLE)  an initiative of the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health’s Biomarkers Consortium (FNIH) confirmed that NIS4® technology demonstrates a unique performance in identifying patients with at-risk Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH)  and provided evidence that it had the best results of the five blood-based biomarker panels which were assessed in this study  for the diagnosis of fibrosis stage≥ 2. The FNIH NIMBLE findings will have a strong utility for the whole NASH field and practitioners  and could potentially pave the way for regulatory qualification for non-invasive tests in NASH. NIS4® technology is currently powering a test called NASHnext™ commercialized by our partner Labcorp in the U.S. and Canada.Organizational and governance updatesIn March 2021  Jean-François Tiné was appointed Member of the Board of Directors  replacing Philippe Moons.In April 2021  GENFIT appointed Thomas Baetz as Chief Financial Officer.In 2021  GENFIT added four new members to its Executive Committee: Pascal Caisey (hired as Chief Commercial Officer and promoted Chief Operating Officer in February 2022)  Stefanie Magner (Chief Compliance Officer and VP International Legal Affairs)  Philippe Motté (Chief Regulatory and Quality Officer) and Thomas Baetz (Chief Financial Officer).In October 2021  the Environmental Social Governance (ESG) Committee was created following new recommendations of the Middlenext Code. The aim of the committee is to measure and track GENFIT’s non-financial performance on an annual basis. Ms. Catherine Larue serves as Chairwoman on the ESG Committee.Outlook 2022Building on our strengths to execute our strategyWe believe our strengths  listed below  provide the foundation that will allow us to successfully expand our activities in 2022 and beyond:Experience in bringing early-stage assets into late development stages  with expertise ranging from research to pre-commercialization  and including clinical development and regulatory affairs;A portfolio rationalized in 2021  focusing on disease areas with high unmet needs and high market potential;Choosing partners with a strong commercial track-record; andA robust financial situation with a strong cash position.Continuing elafibranor development program in PBCAs previously communicated  we saw a disruption in our clinical operations at the end of last year due to the COVID pandemic and specifically the rise of the Omicron strain. However  our recruitment numbers rebounded significantly in the first quarter 2022 as the situation normalized. Screening of patients will stop next week as end of enrollment is now imminent.This means that we remain committed to deliver topline data readout in the second quarter 2023  in line with our previous guidance.Pursuing the execution of existing programsOur second objective is to continue the execution of the following programs:NTZ in ACLF: following encouraging pre-clinical results  we are moving forward with the Phase 1 trial in hepatic impairment  aiming for data readout by the third quarter 2022. We are also initiating a Phase 1 study in renal impairment  with data anticipated in the fourth quarter 2022. If positive  both the hepatic and renal studies will be supportive of the ACLF Investigational New Drug application and proof-of-concept study.GNS561 in CCA: we intend to start a Phase 1b/2 trial by the second half 2022.NASH Diagnostics: our goal is to further establish NIS4™ technology through scientific publications and increased use in the field.Pipeline strategy and impact on financial outlookGENFIT will continue to grow and diversify its pipeline in 2022 by leveraging its expertise in bringing early-stage assets to late-development stages. To achieve this goal  we follow a dual-track approach based on repurposing of molecules approved in other indications and in-licensing of molecules developed by other companies.As we continue our efforts to identify product candidates with the highest potential  conduct pre-clinical studies and clinical trials and advance the development of our diagnostic test  we expect that our cash used in operational activities will increase to €65 million in 2022 (excluding exceptional items of €30.0 million payable in 2022 in relation to the upfront payment received from Ipsen in late 2021  i.e. primarily VAT collected and corporate income tax  as well as potential costs and expenses in future business development activities such as in-licensing).GENFIT will host a conference call in English and in French on April 8  2022 at 8.00am ET / 1:00pm GMT / 2:00pm CETBoth the English and French conference calls will be accessible on the investor page of our website  under the events section at https://ir.genfit.com/ or by calling 800-239-9838 (toll-free U.S and Canada)  0800 358 6377 (toll-free UK) or 0805 101 219 (toll-free France) five minutes prior to the start time (confirmation code: 9241456). A replay will be available shortly after the call.APPENDICESConsolidated Statement of Financial Position*ASSETS As of (in € thousands) 31/12/2020 31/12/2021 Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 171 029 258 756 Current trade and others receivables 11 919 7 236 Other current assets 1 765 2 101 Inventories 4 4 Total - Current assets 184 717 268 097 Non-current assets Intangible assets 297 174 Property  plant and equipment 11 648 9 015 Non-current trade and other receivables 0 3 Other non-current financial assets 1 458 4 431 Deferred tax assets 0 0 Total - Non-current assets 13 403 13 623 Total - Assets 198 119 281 720*Unaudited financial statements. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are underwaySHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES As of (in € thousands) 31/12/2020 31/12/2021 Current liabilities Current convertible loans 1 313 415 Other current loans and borrowings 3 035 1 773 Current trade and other payables 25 564 40 988 Current deferred income and revenue 124 14 298 Current provisions 1 031 313 Other current tax liabilities 0 5 051 Total - Current liabilities 31 067 62 837 Non-current liabilities Non-current convertible loans 169 470 47 682 Other non-current loans and borrowings 11 873 24 365 Non-current trade and other payables 451 450 Non-current deferred income and revenue 0 25 821 Non-current employee benefits 922 864 Deferred tax liabilities 767 602 Total - Non-current liabilities 183 482 99 786 Shareholders' equity Share capital 9 722 12 454 Share premium 379 057 444 438 Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) (303 897) (405 076) Currency translation adjustment (92) 22 Net profit (loss) (101 221) 67 259 Total shareholders' equity - Group share (16 430) 119 097 Non-controlling interests - 0 0 Total - Shareholders' equity (16 430) 119 097 Total - Shareholders' equity & liabilities 198 119 281 720*Unaudited financial statements. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are underwayStatement of Operations*Year ended (in € thousands  except earnings per share data) 31/12/2020 31/12/2021 Revenues and other income Revenue 765 80 069 Other income 6 993 5 510 Revenues and other income 7 758 85 579 Operating expenses and other operating income (expenses) Research and development expenses (59 097) (35 166) General and administrative expenses (14 270) (16 153) Marketing and market access expenses (11 216) (1 539) Reorganization and restructuring expenses (5 308) (142) Other operating income (expenses) (764) (763) Operating income (loss) (82 897) 31 816 Financial income 6 544 44 780 Financial expenses (25 296) (7 122) Financial profit (loss) (18 752) 37 658 Net profit (loss) before tax (101 649) 69 474 Income tax benefit (expense) 428 (2 215) Net profit (loss) (101 221) 67 259*Unaudited financial statements. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are underwayStatement of Cash Flows*Year ended Year ended (in € thousands) 31/12/2020 31/12/2021 Cash flows from operating activities + Net profit (loss) (101 221) 67 259 Reconciliation of net loss to net cash used in operating activities Adjustments for: + Depreciation and amortization on tangible and intangible assets 3 559 2 742 + Impairment and provision for litigation 3 015 (1 996) + Expenses related to share-based compensation 1 236 470 - Gain on disposal of property  plant and equipment 80 420 + Net finance expenses (revenue) 10 335 4 663 + Income tax expense (benefit) (428) 2 215 + Other non-cash items including Research Tax Credit litigation including (1 818) (35 538) Research Tax Credit litigation and Income incurred by renegotiatingthe convertible bond debt OCEANE Operating cash flows before change in working capital (85 242) 40 235 Change in: Decrease (increase) in trade receivables and other assets 318 4 344 (Decrease) increase in trade payables and other liabilities (11 447) 55 335 Change in working capital (11 129) 59 680 Income tax paid 0 0 Net cash flows provided by (used in) in operating activities (96 371) 99 915 Cash flows from investment activities - Acquisition of property  plant and equipment (900) (537) + Proceeds from disposal of / reimbursement of property  plant and equipment 0 309 - Acquisition of financial instruments (66) (3 148) Net cash flows provided by (used in) investment activities (966) (3 377) Cash flows from financing activities + Proceeds from issue of share capital (net) 7 27 972 + Proceeds from subscription / exercise of share warrants 0 0 + Proceeds from new loans and borrowings net of issue costs 0 15 270 - Repayments of loans and borrowings 207 (48 436) - Payments on lease debts (2 150) (1 887) - Financial interests paid (including finance lease) (7 762) (2 109) + Financial interests received 1 442 274 Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities (8 256) (8 916) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (105 593) 87 622 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 276 748 171 029 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash (126) 105 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 171 029 258 756*Unaudited financial statements. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are underwayABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D is focused on three franchises: cholestatic diseases  Acute on Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) and NASH diagnostics. In its cholestatic diseases franchise  ELATIVE™  a Phase 3 global trial evaluating elafibranor3 in patients with Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC) is well underway following a successful Phase 2 clinical trial. Topline data is expected to be announced in the second quarter 2023. In 2021  GENFIT signed an exclusive licensing agreement with IPSEN to develop  manufacture and commercialize elafibranor in PBC and other indications. 4 GENFIT is also developing GNS5611 in cholangiocarcinoma following the acquisition of exclusive rights in this indication from Genoscience Pharma in 20215. In ACLF  a Phase 1 clinical program with nitazoxanide has been initiated with data expected as early as the third quarter 2022. As part of its diagnostic solutions franchise  the Company entered into an agreement with Labcorp in 2021 to commercialize NASHnext®  powered by GENFIT’s proprietary diagnostic technology NIS4® in identifying at-risk NASH.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris  France  and Cambridge  MA  USA. GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comGENFIT FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements regarding timelines for patient enrolment completion and topline data readout for our ELATIVE™ Phase 3 trial  timelines for data readout for our Phase 1 studies in ACLF and the start of the Phase 1b/2 trial in CCA  the commercial uptake for tests powered by NIS4™ technology  our financial outlook including cash flow and cash burn projections and business activity expansion projections for 2022 and beyond. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its drug and diagnostic candidates  impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic  exchange rate fluctuations  the granting of the research tax credit by the French tax authorities  extensions of State guaranteed loans maturity and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2020 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 23 April 2021 under n° D.21-0350  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2020 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 23  2021 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public by the Company. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 With the exception of China  Hong Kong  Taiwan  and Macau where Terns Pharmaceuticals holds the exclusive license to develop and commercialize elafibranor.2 Idem.3 Elafibranor and GNS561 are investigational compounds that have not been reviewed nor been approved by a regulatory authority4 With the exception of China  Hong Kong  Taiwan  and Macau where Terns Pharmaceuticals holds the exclusive license to develop and commercialize elafibranor5 Agreement includes commercialization and development in the United States  Canada and Europe  including the United Kingdom and SwitzerlandAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.57,0.18,0.25,True,English,"['Full-Year 2021 Financial Results', 'GENFIT Reports', 'Corporate Update', 'P rimary B iliary C holangitis', 'landmark strategic partnership deal', 'French State-Guaranteed Loan s', 'severe chronic liver diseases', 'Important R&D milestones', 'successful convertible debt renegotiation', 'chronic liver failure', 'R&D expenditures', 'FNIH NIMBLE study', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Impôt Recherche', 'French tax authorities', '€120.0 million upfront payment', 'Major financial achievements', 'current financial assets', 'Unaudited financial statements', 'market access expenses', '474 Income tax benefit', 'ELATIVE™ double-blind study', 'annual financial results', 'Other operating income', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Phase 1b/2 trial', 'research tax credit', 'other operating expenses', 'consolidated operating result', 'other income', '816 Financial income', 'convertible bonds', 'Financial expenses', 'Phase 3 trial', 'financial situation', 'financial visibility', 'Financial profit', 'development expenses', 'administrative expenses', 'restructuring expenses', 'dilutive f', 'novel molecule', 'NIS4® technology', 'unique performance', 'topline data', 'second quarter', 'Phase 1 data', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'Conference call', '8am ET', '2pm CET', 'Pascal Prigent', 'key commitments', 'dedicated team', 'continued support', 'great progress', 'existing programs', 'diagnostic solutions', 'KEY FIGURES', 'Net profit', 'audit procedures', 'Statutory Auditors', 'license agreements', 'one-time sales', 'Terns Pharmaceuticals', 'Crédit', '€1.9 million expense', 'restructuring plan', 'non-recurring costs', 'impairment losses', 'Other revenue', 'pivotal year', '259 Basic earnings', 'Diluted earnings', 'previous year', 'cash equivalents', 'licensing agreements', 'share data', 'deferred revenue', '2021 revenue', 'December', 'Ipsen', 'launch', 'ACLF', 'GNS561', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'recognition', 'Outlook', 'Elafibranor', 'PBC', 'NTZ', 'April', '1pm', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'GENFIT', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'summary', 'CEO', 'pipeline', 'efforts', 'objectives', 'investors', 'therapeutic', 'health', 'quality', 'life', 'thousands', 'Revenues', 'General', 'Marketing', 'Reorganization', 'Story', 'receipt', 'deduction', 'completion', 'Labcorp', 'deployment', 'NASH', 'goods', 'services', 'scope', 'collaboration', 'CIR', 'settlement', 'dispute', 'decrease', 'effects', 'implementation', 'fees', 'reversal', 'provisions', '780']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2478,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/us/euronav-and-frontline-sign-4-2bn-deal-to-create-the-largest-fleet-of-oil-tankers/articleshow/90713603.cms,Euronav and Frontline sign $4.2bn deal to create the largest fleet of oil tankers,A merger of Frontline and Euronav  two of the biggest independent operators of crude oil tankers in the world  will result in the world's largest oil tanker fleet by capacity. This merger would lead to creation of a market leader in the tanker market.,On Thursday  two of the world's largest operators of crude oil tankers Euronav and Frontline   announced a merger. The two companies are going to merge in all-share transactions  and it will result in the world's largest oil tanker fleet in terms of capability.Frontline board has already approved the merger valuing the combined entity at $4.2 billion. The merged entity will surpass Cosco   China's largest owner of large crude carriers. Post the merger  Frontline will hold a 59% stake in the merged company and the remaining holding will belong to Euronav.Post-merger  Frontline would be in a position to offer value-enhancing services to its customers and increase fleet revenue and utilization. It will benefit all the stakeholders. The combined fleet will consist of 57 Suezmax vessels  69 very large crude carriers  and 20 long-range two Aframax vessels.The deal will make it the largest owner of both suezmaxes and VLCCs  overtaking Greek-owned private fleets and national owners in China  Saudi Arabia  and Iran.The merger news was in the air for a long time  so it has not come as a surprise to most people. The news gained momentum when Fredriksen  a transport tycoon  bought 9% stake in Euronav in 2021. However  readers should know that the merger was first sought two decades back in 1999.The chief executive position will remain with Hugo De Stoop . The board of directors will change and now will have the following: two nominated by the Fredriksen holding company Hemen Holding Limited  three current independent Euronav board members  and two additional new independent directors.Euronav is listed in New York and Euronext  while Frontline is listed on the Oslo and New York Inventory Exchanges.Frontline VLCCs are not listed on the Tankers International pool website. On the other side  Euronav vessels are listed. It is still unclear whether these vessels will rejoin the existing 56 VLCCs listed on the pool website.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.87,0.11,0.03,True,English,"['$4.2bn deal', 'largest fleet', 'oil tankers', 'Euronav', 'Frontline', 'three current independent Euronav board members', 'Fredriksen holding company Hemen Holding Limited', 'two additional new independent directors', 'New York Inventory Exchanges', '69 very large crude carriers', '20 long-range two Aframax vessels', 'Tankers International pool website', 'largest oil tanker fleet', 'crude oil tankers', 'Greek-owned private fleets', 'Hugo De Stoop', 'chief executive position', 'remaining holding', 'two companies', 'largest operators', 'fleet revenue', 'combined fleet', 'Frontline board', '57 Suezmax vessels', 'Euronav vessels', 'largest owner', 'share transactions', 'combined entity', 'merged entity', 'value-enhancing services', 'national owners', 'Saudi Arabia', 'long time', 'most people', 'transport tycoon', 'other side', 'existing 56 VLCCs', 'Frontline VLCCs', 'merger news', 'Thursday', 'world', 'terms', 'capability', 'Cosco', 'China', '59% stake', 'customers', 'utilization', 'stakeholders', 'deal', 'suezmaxes', 'Iran', 'air', 'surprise', 'momentum', 'readers', 'Euronext', 'Oslo']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,economictimes.indiatimes.com
2479,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-dupixent-dupilumab-approved-050000582.html,Press Release: Dupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission for children aged 6 to 11 years with severe asthma with type 2 inflammation,Dupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission for children aged 6 to 11 years with severe asthma with type 2 inflammation Dupixent is the only...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeDupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission for children aged 6 to 11 years with severe asthma with type 2 inflammationDupixent is the only biologic indicated in the European Union for severe asthma with type 2 inflammation  characterized by raised blood eosinophils and/or raised fractional exhaled nitric oxideApproval based on Phase 3 data showing Dupixent significantly reduced severe asthma attacks and also improved lung function and health-related quality of life for childrenData reinforce well-established safety profile of DupixentParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. April 7  2022. The European Commission (EC) has expanded the marketing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union. Dupixent is now also approved in children aged 6 to 11 years as an add-on maintenance treatment for severe asthma with type 2 inflammation characterized by raised blood eosinophils and/or raised fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO)  who are inadequately controlled with medium to high dose inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) plus another medicinal product for maintenance treatment.Naimish Patel  M.D.Head of Global Development  Immunology and Inflammation  Sanofi“We are excited to bring the well-established safety and efficacy of Dupixent to even younger patients living with uncontrolled severe asthma in Europe. In addition to greatly reducing severe asthma attacks and improving lung function  patients in our clinical trial also reduced their oral corticosteroid use. This is particularly meaningful as these are medicines that can carry significant safety risks if used long term. This approval underscores our continued commitment to bringing Dupixent to as many patients as possible suffering from the negative effects of severe asthma with the hope of improving their quality of life.”Asthma is one of the most common chronic diseases in children. Up to 85% of children with asthma may have type 2 inflammation and are more likely to have higher disease burden. Despite treatment with current standard-of-care ICS and bronchodilators  these children may continue to experience serious symptoms such as coughing  wheezing and difficulty breathing. Severe asthma may impact children's developing airways and cause potentially life-threatening exacerbations. Children with severe asthma also may require the use of multiple courses of systemic corticosteroids that carry significant risks. Uncontrolled severe asthma can interfere with day-to-day activities  like sleeping  attending school and playing sports.Story continuesDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program  which has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation  has established that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases.George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.President and Chief Scientific Officer  Regeneron“Today’s approval in Europe recognizes the benefits of Dupixent in helping children living with the profound effects of severe asthma  including unpredictable asthma attacks  routine disruption to daily activities and the use of systemic steroids that can impede children’s growth. Dupixent is the only treatment available that specifically blocks two key drivers of type 2 inflammation  IL-4 and IL-13  which our trials show plays a major role in childhood asthma  as well as in related conditions such as chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis and the often co-morbid condition  atopic dermatitis. In clinical trials  Dupixent significantly reduced asthma attacks  helped children breathe better and improved their health-related quality of life. We also remain committed to investigating Dupixent in other conditions where type 2 inflammation may significantly impact patients’ lives  including eosinophilic esophagitis  prurigo nodularis and chronic spontaneous urticaria.”The EC decision is based on pivotal data from the Phase 3 VOYAGE trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent combined with standard-of-care asthma therapy in 408 children with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma.Two pre-specified populations with evidence of type 2 inflammation were evaluated for the primary analysis: 1) patients with baseline blood eosinophils (EOS) ≥300 cells/μl (n=259) and 2) patients with either baseline FeNO ≥20 parts per billion (ppb) or baseline blood EOS ≥150 cells/μl (n=350). Patients who added Dupixent to standard-of-care in these two groups  respectively  experienced:Substantially reduced rates of severe asthma attacks  with a 65% and 59% average reduction over one year compared to placebo (0.24 and 0.31 events per year for Dupixent vs. 0.67 and 0.75 for placebo  respectively).Improved lung function observed as early as two weeks and sustained for up to 52 weeks  measured by percent predicted FEV 1 (FEV 1 pp). At 12 weeks  patients taking Dupixent improved their lung function by 5.32 and 5.21 percentage points compared to placebo  respectively.Improved asthma control  with 81% and 79% of patients reporting a clinically meaningful improvement at 24 weeks  based on disease symptoms and impact compared to 64% and 69% of placebo patients  respectively.Improved health-related quality of life  with 73% and 73% of patients reporting a clinically meaningful improvement at 24 weeks  compared to 63% and 65% of placebo patients  respectively.Reduced systemic corticosteroid use by an average of 66% and 59% over one year compared to placebo (0.27 and 0.35 courses per year for Dupixent vs. 0.81 and 0.86 for placebo  respectively).The safety results from the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in patients aged 12 years and older with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma. The overall rates of adverse events were 83% for Dupixent and 80% for placebo. Adverse events that were more commonly observed with Dupixent compared to placebo included injection site reactions (18% Dupixent  13% placebo)  viral upper respiratory tract infections (12% Dupixent  10% placebo) and eosinophilia (7% Dupixent  1% placebo). Helminth infections were also more commonly observed with Dupixent in patients aged 6 to 11 years and were reported in 2% of Dupixent patients and 0% of placebo patients.About the LIBERTY ASTHMA VOYAGE TrialThe Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent (100 mg or 200 mg every two weeks  based on weight tier) combined with standard-of-care asthma therapy in 408 children aged 6 to 11 years with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma. More than 90% of children in the trial had at least one concurrent atopic medical condition such as allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.The primary endpoint was the annualized rate of severe asthma exacerbations over one year  and the key secondary endpoint was the change from baseline in percentage of predicted pre-bronchodilator FEV 1 (FEV 1 pp) at week 12. The FEV1pp seeks to evaluate a patient's change in lung function compared to their predicted lung function based on age  height  sex and ethnicity to account for children's growing lung capacity at different stages of development. Additional secondary endpoints included responder rates for asthma control as measured by a ≥0.5 improvement on the Asthma Control Questionnaire-7 Interviewer Administered (ACQ-7-IA; 7-point scale) and health-related quality of life as measured by a ≥0.5 improvement on the Pediatric Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire with Standardized Activities-Interviewer Administered (PAQLQ(S)-IA; 7-point scale).About DupixentDupixent is also approved in Europe  U.S.  Japan and other countries around the world for use in certain patients with asthma  specific patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis as well as CRSwNP in different age populations. Dupixent is also approved in one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries around the world  and more than 400 000 patients have been treated globally.Dupixent is an injection under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In the EU for pediatric patients aged 6 to 11 years  Dupixent dosing is based on weight tier (100 mg every two weeks or 300 mg every four weeks for children ≥15 to <30 kg  200 mg every two weeks or 300 mg every four weeks for children ≥30 to <60 kg and 200 mg every two weeks for children ≥60 kg) and is supplied as a pre-filled syringe. It is also available as a pre-filled pen for adolescents (12 to 17 years) and adults at 200 and 300 mg doses. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional. In children younger than 12 years of age  Dupixent should be administered by a caregiver if given at home.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes including pediatric atopic dermatitis (6 months to 5 years of age  Phase 3)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation (Phase 3)  eosinophilic esophagitis (Phase 3)  bullous pemphigoid (Phase 3)  prurigo nodularis (Phase 3)  chronic spontaneous urticaria (Phase 3)  chronic inducible urticaria-cold (Phase 3)  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis (Phase 3)  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (Phase 3)  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (Phase 3) and peanut allergy (Phase 2). These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for nearly 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For additional information about the company  please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsAshleigh Dixon | + 1 914 374 2422 | ashleigh.dixon@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) as an add-on maintenance treatment for children aged 6 to 11 years with severe asthma with type 2 inflammation; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric atopic dermatitis  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  eosinophilic esophagitis  bullous pemphigoid  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  peanut allergy  and other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi  Bayer  and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Dupixent  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website ( http://newsroom.regeneron.com ) and its Twitter feed ( http://twitter.com/regeneron ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.84,0.15,mixed,0.22,0.23,0.56,True,English,"['Press Release', 'European Commission', '6 to 11 years', 'severe asthma', 'type 2 inflammation', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'children', 'fractional exhaled nitric oxide Approval', 'The Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program', 'medium to high dose', 'higher disease burden', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Phase 3 VOYAGE trial', 'significant clinical benefit', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'The EC decision', 'Two pre-specified populations', 'The European Commission', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'common chronic diseases', 'unpredictable asthma attacks', 'oral corticosteroid use', 'baseline blood eosinophils', 'severe asthma attacks', 'uncontrolled severe asthma', 'two key drivers', 'significant safety risks', 'clinical trial', 'significant risks', 'Phase 3 data', '6 to 11 years', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'uncontrolled moderate', 'central drivers', 'morbid diseases', 'two groups', 'European Union', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D', 'childhood asthma', 'asthma therapy', 'baseline FeNO', 'Aventis Groupe', 'lung function', 'N.Y.', 'marketing authorization', 'medicinal product', 'Naimish Patel', 'Global Development', 'continued commitment', 'negative effects', 'serious symptoms', 'developing airways', 'life-threatening exacerbations', 'multiple courses', 'IL-13) pathways', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'profound effects', 'routine disruption', 'daily activities', 'systemic steroids', 'related conditions', 'nasal polyposis', 'morbid condition', 'atopic dermatitis', 'other conditions', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'primary analysis', '59% average reduction', 'type 2 inflammation', 'two weeks', 'safety profile', 'health-related quality', 'pivotal data', 'maintenance treatment', 'current standard', 'systemic corticosteroids', 'day activities', 'one year', 'younger patients', 'many patients', 'patients’ lives', 'trials', '52 weeks', '12 weeks', 'Dupixent®', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', 'children', 'biologic', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'April', 'add', 'ICS', 'Head', 'Immunology', 'efficacy', 'medicines', 'hope', 'care', 'bronchodilators', 'coughing', 'wheezing', 'difficulty', 'school', 'sports', 'Story', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'President', 'Regeneron', 'Today', 'benefits', 'growth', 'evidence', '≥300 cells', '≥20 parts', 'billion', '150 cells', 'rates', 'placebo', '0.31 events', 'Improved', 'percent', 'FEV', '24']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2480,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dupixent-dupilumab-approved-european-commission-045900392.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Approved by European Commission for Children Aged 6 to 11 Years with Severe Asthma with Type 2 Inflammation,Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the European Commission (EC) has expanded the marketing authorization for...,"Approval based on Phase 3 data showing Dupixent significantly reduced severe asthma attacks and also improved lung function and health-related quality of life for childrenData reinforce well-established safety profile of DupixentTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  April 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the European Commission (EC) has expanded the marketing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union. Dupixent is now also approved in children aged 6 to 11 years as an add-on maintenance treatment for severe asthma with type 2 inflammation characterized by raised blood eosinophils and/or raised fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO)  who are inadequately controlled with medium to high dose inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) plus another medicinal product for maintenance treatment.""Today's approval in Europe recognizes the benefits of Dupixent in helping children living with the profound effects of severe asthma  including unpredictable asthma attacks  routine disruption to daily activities and the use of systemic steroids that can impede children's growth "" said George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.  President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron. ""Dupixent is the only treatment available that specifically blocks two key drivers of type 2 inflammation  IL-4 and IL-13  which our trials show plays a major role in childhood asthma  as well as in related conditions such as chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis and the often co-morbid condition  atopic dermatitis. In clinical trials  Dupixent significantly reduced asthma attacks  helped children breathe better and improved their health-related quality of life. We also remain committed to investigating Dupixent in other conditions where type 2 inflammation may significantly impact patients' lives  including eosinophilic esophagitis  prurigo nodularis and chronic spontaneous urticaria.""Asthma is one of the most common chronic diseases in children. Up to 85% of children with asthma may have type 2 inflammation and are more likely to have higher disease burden. Despite treatment with current standard-of-care ICS and bronchodilators  these children may continue to experience serious symptoms such as coughing  wheezing and difficulty breathing. Severe asthma may impact children's developing airways and cause potentially life-threatening exacerbations. Children with severe asthma also may require the use of multiple courses of systemic corticosteroids that carry significant risks. Uncontrolled severe asthma can interfere with day-to-day activities  like sleeping  attending school and playing sports.Story continuesDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. By demonstrating significant clinical benefit together with a decrease in type 2 inflammation following IL-4 and IL-13 blockade with Dupixent  the Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program has established that IL-4 and IL-13 are key drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases for which Dupixent is approved including asthma  atopic dermatitis and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  as well as investigational diseases such as eosinophilic esophagitis and prurigo nodularis  which have been studied in Phase 3 trials.""We are excited to bring the well-established safety and efficacy profile of Dupixent to even younger patients living with uncontrolled severe asthma in Europe. In addition to greatly reducing severe asthma attacks and improving lung function  patients in our clinical trials also reduced their oral corticosteroid use. This is particularly meaningful as these are medicines that can carry significant safety risks if used long term "" said Naimish Patel  M.D. Head of Global Development  Immunology and Inflammation at Sanofi. ""This approval underscores our continued commitment to bringing Dupixent to as many patients as possible suffering from the negative effects of severe asthma with the hope of improving their quality of life.""The EC decision is based on pivotal data from the Phase 3 VOYAGE trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent combined with standard-of-care asthma therapy in 408 children with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma.Two pre-specified populations with evidence of type 2 inflammation were evaluated for the primary analysis: 1) patients with baseline blood eosinophils (EOS) ≥300 cells/μl (n=259) and 2) patients with either baseline FeNO ≥20 parts per billion (ppb) or baseline blood EOS ≥150 cells/μl (n=350). Patients who added Dupixent to standard-of-care in these two groups  respectively  experienced:Substantially reduced rates of severe asthma attacks  with a 65% and 59% average reduction over one year compared to placebo (0.24 and 0.31 events per year for Dupixent vs. 0.67 and 0.75 for placebo  respectively).Improved lung function observed as early as two weeks and sustained for up to 52 weeks  measured by percent predicted FEV 1 (FEV 1 pp).Improved asthma control  with 81% and 79% of patients reporting a clinically meaningful improvement at 24 weeks  based on disease symptoms and impact compared to 64% and 69% of placebo patients  respectively.Improved health-related quality of life  with 73% and 73% of patients reporting a clinically meaningful improvement at 24 weeks  compared to 63% and 65% of placebo patients  respectively.Reduced systemic corticosteroid use by an average of 66% and 59% over one year compared to placebo (0.27 and 0.35 courses per year for Dupixent vs. 0.81 and 0.86 for placebo  respectively).The safety results from the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in patients aged 12 years and older with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma. The overall rates of adverse events were 83% for Dupixent and 80% for placebo. Adverse events that were more commonly observed with Dupixent compared to placebo included injection site reactions (18% Dupixent  13% placebo)  viral upper respiratory tract infections (12% Dupixent  10% placebo) and eosinophilia (7% Dupixent  1% placebo). Helminth infections were also more commonly observed with Dupixent in patients aged 6 to 11 years and were reported in 2% of Dupixent patients and 0% of placebo patients.About the LIBERTY ASTHMA VOYAGE TrialThe Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent (100 mg or 200 mg every two weeks  based on weight tier) combined with standard-of-care asthma therapy in 408 children aged 6 to 11 years with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma. More than 90% of children in the trial had at least one concurrent atopic medical condition such as allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.The primary endpoint was the annualized rate of severe asthma exacerbations over one year  and the key secondary endpoint was the change from baseline in percentage of predicted pre-bronchodilator FEV 1 (FEV 1 pp) at week 12. The FEV 1 pp seeks to evaluate a patient's change in lung function compared to their predicted lung function based on age  height  sex and ethnicity to account for children's growing lung capacity at different stages of development. Additional secondary endpoints included responder rates for asthma control as measured by a ≥0.5 improvement on the Asthma Control Questionnaire-7 Interviewer Administered (ACQ-7-IA; 7-point scale) and health-related quality of life as measured by a ≥0.5 improvement on the Pediatric Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire with Standardized Activities-Interviewer Administered (PAQLQ(S)-IA; 7-point scale).About DupixentDupixent is also approved in Europe  U.S.  Japan and other countries around the world for use in certain patients with asthma  specific patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis as well as CRSwNP in different age populations. Dupixent is also approved in one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries around the world  and more than 400 000 patients have been treated globally.Dupixent is an injection under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In the EU for pediatric patients aged 6 to 11 years  Dupixent dosing is based on weight tier (100 mg every two weeks or 300 mg every four weeks for children ≥15 to <30 kg  200 mg every two weeks or 300 mg every four weeks for children ≥30 to <60 kg and 200 mg every two weeks for children ≥60 kg) and is supplied as a pre-filled syringe. It is also available as a pre-filled pen for adolescents (12 to 17 years) and adults at 200 and 300 mg doses. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional. In children younger than 12 years of age  Dupixent should be administered by a caregiver if given at home.About Regeneron's VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create approximately a quarter of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies currently available. This includes Dupixent  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and InmazebTM (atoltivimab  maftivimab  and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes including pediatric atopic dermatitis (6 months to 5 years of age  Phase 3)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation (Phase 3)  eosinophilic esophagitis (Phase 3)  bullous pemphigoid (Phase 3)  prurigo nodularis (Phase 3)  chronic spontaneous urticaria (Phase 3)  chronic inducible urticaria-cold (Phase 3)  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis (Phase 3)  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (Phase 3)  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (Phase 3) and peanut allergy (Phase 2). These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. IndicationsDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (eczema) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 years of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTSDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problemshave a parasitic (helminth) infectionare scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a ""live vaccine"" right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis or CRSwNP  and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic reactions. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Eye problems . Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Inflammation of your blood vessels . Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Atopic dermatitis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  and cold sores in your mouth or on your lips.Asthma: injection site reactions  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  toothache  gastritis  and joint pain (arthralgia).Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch   or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It's an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it's recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children under 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for nearly 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite technologies  such as VelocImmune  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For additional information about the company  please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (""Regeneron"" or the ""Company"")  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""plan "" ""believe "" ""seek "" ""estimate "" variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron's and its collaborators' ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron's ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Products"")  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron's Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Product Candidates"") and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) as an add-on maintenance treatment for children aged 6 to 11 years with severe asthma with type 2 inflammation; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron's Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric atopic dermatitis  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  eosinophilic esophagitis  bullous pemphigoid  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  peanut allergy  and other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron's collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron's ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron's Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron's agreements with Sanofi  Bayer  and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Dupixent  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron's business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Contacts: Media Relations Ashleigh Dixon Tel: +1 914-374-2422 Ashleigh.Dixon@regeneron.com Investor Relations Vesna Tosic Tel: +1 914-847-5443 Vesna.Tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Contacts: Media Relations Sally Bain Tel: +1 781-264-1091 Sally.Bain@sanofi.com Investor Relations Eva Schaefer-Jansen Tel: +33 7 86 80 56 39 eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.com Arnaud Delépine Tel: +33 (0)6 73 69 36 93 arnaud.delepine@sanofi.com Corentine Driancourt Tel: +33 (0)6 40 56 92 corentine.driancourt@sanofi.com Felix Lauscher Tel: +1 908-612-7239 felix.lauscher@sanofi.com Priya Nanduri priya.nanduri@sanofi.com Nathalie Pham Tel: +33 (0)7 85 93 30 17 nathalie.pham@sanofi.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dupixent-dupilumab-approved-by-european-commission-for-children-aged-6-to-11-years-with-severe-asthma-with-type-2-inflammation-301519649.htmlSOURCE Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.92,0.08,mixed,0.28,0.23,0.49,True,English,"['European Commission', '6 to 11 Years', 'Severe Asthma', 'Type 2 Inflammation', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Children', 'fractional exhaled nitric oxide', 'medium to high dose', 'Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'higher disease burden', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'Phase 3 VOYAGE trial', 'Two pre-specified populations', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'significant clinical benefit', 'M.D. Head', 'unpredictable asthma attacks', 'common chronic diseases', 'baseline blood eosinophils', 'oral corticosteroid use', 'two key drivers', 'severe asthma attacks', 'Uncontrolled severe asthma', 'significant safety risks', 'significant risks', 'uncontrolled moderate', 'two groups', 'Ph.D.', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'clinical trials', 'Phase 3 trials', 'Phase 3 data', 'morbid diseases', 'investigational diseases', 'childhood asthma', 'asthma therapy', 'baseline FeNO', 'lung function', 'N.Y.', 'European Commission', 'marketing authorization', 'European Union', 'medicinal product', 'profound effects', 'routine disruption', 'daily activities', 'systemic steroids', 'major role', 'related conditions', 'nasal polyposis', 'morbid condition', 'atopic dermatitis', 'other conditions', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'serious symptoms', 'developing airways', 'life-threatening exacerbations', 'multiple courses', 'IL-13 blockade', 'multiple related', 'Naimish Patel', 'Global Development', 'continued commitment', 'negative effects', 'primary analysis', '59% average reduction', 'type 2 inflammation', 'safety profile', 'health-related quality', 'pivotal data', 'maintenance treatment', 'current standard', 'systemic corticosteroids', 'day activities', 'efficacy profile', 'EC decision', 'one year', ""patients' lives"", 'younger patients', 'many patients', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'Dupixent®', 'Approval', 'children', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', '11 years', 'add', 'ICS', 'benefits', 'growth', 'President', 'care', 'bronchodilators', 'coughing', 'wheezing', 'difficulty', 'school', 'sports', 'Story', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', '13) pathways', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'CRSwNP', 'medicines', 'Immunology', 'hope', 'evidence', '300 cells', '≥20 parts', 'billion', '150 cells', 'rates', 'placebo', '0.31 events', '24']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2481,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cryptoglobe.com/latest/2022/04/21shares-makes-it-easier-for-institutions-to-invest-in-the-sandbox-sand-metaverse/,21Shares Makes It Easier for Institutions to Invest in The Sandbox ($SAND) Metaverse,On Thursday (April )  Switzerland-based 21Shares  which is which is considered one of the pioneers in issuing crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  launched an investment product for The Sandbox ($SAND). 21Shares was “founded in 2018 by Hany Rashwan and Oph…,On Thursday (April )  Switzerland-based 21Shares  which is which is considered one of the pioneers in issuing crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  launched an investment product for The Sandbox ($SAND).21Shares was “founded in 2018 by Hany Rashwan and Ophelia Snyder with the principal objective of making crypto safe and accessible for all investors.” Since then  it has “experienced significant growth  leveraging the expertise of the team to stay at the forefront of market developments and to continue providing investors with innovative crypto ETPs  broad token solutions and forward-thinking investment options.”On March 25  ETF Express announced the winners of the ETF Express European European Awards 2022  an 21Shares was named the winner in the “Best Crypto Issuer” category.What Is The Sandbox?The Sandbox is a subsidiary of Animoca Brands. Animoca Brands  which was founded in January 2014 by Yat Siu and David Kim  and its various subsidiaries “develop and publish a broad portfolio of blockchain games  traditional games  and other products  many of which are based on popular global brands  such as Formula 1®  Disney  WWE  Power Rangers  MotoGP™  and Doraemon. Animoca Brands is also a prolific investor with over 100 investments in NFT-related blockchain companies  including Sky Mavis (Axie Infinity)  Dapper Labs (NBA Top Shot)  OpenSea  Harmony  Bitski  and Alien Worlds.”Here is how Binance Research described The Sandbox back in August 2020:“The Sandbox is a virtual world built on the Ethereum blockchain  where players can build  own  and monetize their gaming experiences… The SAND token is an ERC-20 utility token that is used for value transfers as well as staking and governance… Players can create digital assets in the form of Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs)  upload them to the marketplace  and integrate into games with Game Maker.“And here is the how The Sandbox team describes SAND and LAND:“SAND is the utility token used throughout The Sandbox ecosystem as the basis for transactions and interactions. It is an ERC-20 utility token built on the Ethereum blockchain. There is a finite supply of 3 000 000 000 SAND...“The Sandbox Metaverse is made up of LANDS  that are parts of the world  owned by players to create and monetize experiences. There will only ever be 166 464 LANDS available  which can be used to host games  build multiplayer experiences  create housing  or offer social experiences to the community.“What Are ETPs?ETPs are “collateralized  non-interest paying debt securities designed to replicate the performance of an underlying asset and in the case of 21Shares’s ETPs  its products “replicate the performance of the crypto asset (Bitcoin  Ethereum  Ripple  Bitcoin Cash) or the index it tracks (HODL5  BIT10  ABBA).”Here is how 21Shares explains the difference between ETPs and ETFs:“Although ETPs are structured and operate very similarly to traditional Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)  the primary difference between the two is that ETPs are debt securities issued by a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) instead.“21Shares Launches a $SAND ETPAccording to a press release shared with CryptoGlobe  the new ETP — called 21Shares The Sandbox ETP (Ticker: SAND) — “marks the 30th cryptocurrency ETP offered by 21Shares ” and will be “cross-listed on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam.” 21Shares says that it “offers the most extensive crypto product suite of any issuer worldwide  in CHF  EUR  GBP and USD  across Europe.”Hany Rashwan  CEO and co-founder of 21Shares  had this to say:“The launch of our 30th product is an important milestone in our history as an innovator in the crypto industry. It is testament to the quality of the team we have built  and our position at the forefront of the acceleration of the global blockchain movement  that we have achieved this growth in scale in four years. We are committed to making crypto accessible for everyone and continuing to offer best-in-class products to our investors is true to that vision. This is just the beginning.“Here are some product details:VALOR: 117736100ISIN: CH1177361008Bloomberg: SAND BWFee: 2.5%Custody: CoinbaseMarket Maker: Lang & SchwarzHSBC Joins The Sandbox MetaverseOn March 16  financial services giant HSBC and Ethereum-powered play-to-earn (P2E) game The Sandbox announced “a new partnership that will open up a host of opportunities for virtual communities across the world to engage with global financial services providers and sports communities in The Sandbox metaverse.”According to a blog post published by The Sandbox team on March 15  this partnership will “see the global financial services provider acquire a plot of LAND  virtual real estate in The Sandbox metaverse  which will be developed to engage and connect with sports  esports and gaming enthusiasts.”Suresh Balaji  Chief Marketing Officer  Asia-Pacific  HSBC  had this to say:“The metaverse is how people will experience Web3  the next generation of the Internet — using immersive technologies like augmented reality  virtual reality and extended reality. At HSBC  we see great potential to create new experiences through emerging platforms  opening up a world of opportunity for our current and future customers and for the communities we serve.“Through our partnership with The Sandbox we are making our foray into the metaverse  allowing us to create innovative brand experiences for new and existing customers. We’re excited to be working with our sports partners  brand ambassadors  and Animoca Brands to co-create experiences that are educational  inclusive and accessible.“And Sebastien Borget  COO and Co-founder of The Sandbox  said:“We’re pleased to see large  trusted institutions such as HSBC join The Sandbox open metaverse and embrace the culture of Web3  connecting with users through entertainment  gaming and user-generated content. We believe this is the beginning of a broader adoption of Web3 and the metaverse by institutions driving brand experiences and engagement within this new ecosystem.“DisclaimerThe views and opinions expressed by the author  or any people mentioned in this article  are for informational purposes only  and they do not constitute financial  investment  or other advice. Investing in or trading cryptoassets comes with a risk of financial loss.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.6,0.38,0.03,True,English,"['The Sandbox', '21Shares', 'Institutions', 'Metaverse', 'ETF Express European European Awards', 'collateralized, non-interest paying debt securities', 'global financial services providers', 'traditional Exchange Traded Funds', 'financial services giant HSBC', 'extensive crypto product suite', 'NBA Top Shot', 'Special Purpose Vehicle', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'global blockchain movement', 'popular global brands', 'thinking investment options', 'ERC-20 utility token', 'NFT-related blockchain companies', 'broad token solutions', 'virtual real estate', 'The Sandbox ecosystem', 'Coinbase Market Maker', '30th cryptocurrency ETP', 'SAND BW Fee', 'The Sandbox Metaverse', 'crypto exchange-traded products', 'Best Crypto Issuer', 'The Sandbox team', 'The SAND token', 'innovative crypto ETPs', 'investment product', '30th product', 'market developments', 'broad portfolio', 'traditional games', 'Game Maker', 'product details', 'crypto asset', 'crypto industry', 'new ETP', 'Animoca Brands', 'virtual communities', 'virtual reality', 'Ethereum blockchain', '$SAND ETP', 'Hany Rashwan', 'Ophelia Snyder', 'principal objective', 'Yat Siu', 'David Kim', 'various subsidiaries', 'other products', 'Power Rangers', 'prolific investor', 'Sky Mavis', 'Dapper Labs', 'Alien Worlds', 'Binance Research', 'value transfers', 'digital assets', 'Non-Fungible Tokens', 'finite supply', 'underlying asset', 'press release', 'Euronext Paris', 'important milestone', 'four years', 'class products', 'P2E) game', 'blog post', 'gaming enthusiasts', 'Suresh Balaji', 'next generation', 'immersive technologies', 'augmented reality', 'extended reality', 'blockchain games', 'gaming experiences', 'multiplayer experiences', 'social experiences', 'virtual world', 'significant growth', 'Bitcoin Cash', 'primary difference', 'new partnership', 'sports communities', 'Switzerland-based 21Shares', '3,000,000,000 SAND', 'Thursday', 'April', 'pioneers', 'investors', 'expertise', 'forefront', 'March', 'winners', 'category', 'subsidiary', 'January', 'Formula 1®', 'Disney', 'WWE', 'MotoGP™', 'Doraemon', '100 investments', 'Axie Infinity', 'OpenSea', 'Harmony', 'Bitski', 'August', 'players', 'governance', 'NFTs', 'marketplace', 'basis', 'transactions', 'interactions', 'LANDS', 'parts', 'housing', 'community', 'performance', 'case', 'Ripple', 'index', 'HODL', 'BIT10', 'ABBA', 'ETFs', 'SPV', 'CryptoGlobe', 'Ticker', 'Amsterdam', 'CHF', 'GBP', 'USD', 'CEO', 'founder', 'launch', 'history', 'innovator', 'testament', 'quality', 'position', 'acceleration', 'scale', 'everyone', 'vision', 'beginning', 'VALOR', 'ISIN', 'CH1177361008', 'Bloomberg', 'Custody', 'Lang', 'Schwarz', 'Ethereum-powered', 'host', 'opportunities', 'plot', 'esports', 'Asia-Pacific', 'people', 'Web', 'Internet']",2022-04-21,2022-04-07,cryptoglobe.com
2482,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dupixent-dupilumab-approved-by-european-commission-for-children-aged-6-to-11-years-with-severe-asthma-with-type-2-inflammation-301519649.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Approved by European Commission for Children Aged 6 to 11 Years with Severe Asthma with Type 2 Inflammation,Approval based on Phase 3 data showing Dupixent significantly reduced severe asthma attacks and also improved lung function and health-related quality of life for children Data reinforce well-established safety profile of Dupixent TARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  A…,"Approval based on Phase 3 data showing Dupixent significantly reduced severe asthma attacks and also improved lung function and health-related quality of life for childrenData reinforce well-established safety profile of DupixentTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  April 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the European Commission (EC) has expanded the marketing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union. Dupixent is now also approved in children aged 6 to 11 years as an add-on maintenance treatment for severe asthma with type 2 inflammation characterized by raised blood eosinophils and/or raised fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO)  who are inadequately controlled with medium to high dose inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) plus another medicinal product for maintenance treatment.""Today's approval in Europe recognizes the benefits of Dupixent in helping children living with the profound effects of severe asthma  including unpredictable asthma attacks  routine disruption to daily activities and the use of systemic steroids that can impede children's growth "" said George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.  President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron. ""Dupixent is the only treatment available that specifically blocks two key drivers of type 2 inflammation  IL-4 and IL-13  which our trials show plays a major role in childhood asthma  as well as in related conditions such as chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis and the often co-morbid condition  atopic dermatitis. In clinical trials  Dupixent significantly reduced asthma attacks  helped children breathe better and improved their health-related quality of life. We also remain committed to investigating Dupixent in other conditions where type 2 inflammation may significantly impact patients' lives  including eosinophilic esophagitis  prurigo nodularis and chronic spontaneous urticaria.""Asthma is one of the most common chronic diseases in children. Up to 85% of children with asthma may have type 2 inflammation and are more likely to have higher disease burden. Despite treatment with current standard-of-care ICS and bronchodilators  these children may continue to experience serious symptoms such as coughing  wheezing and difficulty breathing. Severe asthma may impact children's developing airways and cause potentially life-threatening exacerbations. Children with severe asthma also may require the use of multiple courses of systemic corticosteroids that carry significant risks. Uncontrolled severe asthma can interfere with day-to-day activities  like sleeping  attending school and playing sports.Dupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. By demonstrating significant clinical benefit together with a decrease in type 2 inflammation following IL-4 and IL-13 blockade with Dupixent  the Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program has established that IL-4 and IL-13 are key drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases for which Dupixent is approved including asthma  atopic dermatitis and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  as well as investigational diseases such as eosinophilic esophagitis and prurigo nodularis  which have been studied in Phase 3 trials.""We are excited to bring the well-established safety and efficacy profile of Dupixent to even younger patients living with uncontrolled severe asthma in Europe. In addition to greatly reducing severe asthma attacks and improving lung function  patients in our clinical trials also reduced their oral corticosteroid use. This is particularly meaningful as these are medicines that can carry significant safety risks if used long term "" said Naimish Patel  M.D. Head of Global Development  Immunology and Inflammation at Sanofi. ""This approval underscores our continued commitment to bringing Dupixent to as many patients as possible suffering from the negative effects of severe asthma with the hope of improving their quality of life.""The EC decision is based on pivotal data from the Phase 3 VOYAGE trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent combined with standard-of-care asthma therapy in 408 children with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma.Two pre-specified populations with evidence of type 2 inflammation were evaluated for the primary analysis: 1) patients with baseline blood eosinophils (EOS) ≥300 cells/μl (n=259) and 2) patients with either baseline FeNO ≥20 parts per billion (ppb) or baseline blood EOS ≥150 cells/μl (n=350). Patients who added Dupixent to standard-of-care in these two groups  respectively  experienced:Substantially reduced rates of severe asthma attacks  with a 65% and 59% average reduction over one year compared to placebo (0.24 and 0.31 events per year for Dupixent vs. 0.67 and 0.75 for placebo  respectively).Improved lung function observed as early as two weeks and sustained for up to 52 weeks  measured by percent predicted FEV 1 (FEV 1 pp).(FEV pp). At 12 weeks  patients taking Dupixent improved their lung function by 5.32 and 5.21 percentage points compared to placebo  respectively.Improved asthma control  with 81% and 79% of patients reporting a clinically meaningful improvement at 24 weeks  based on disease symptoms and impact compared to 64% and 69% of placebo patients  respectively.Improved health-related quality of life  with 73% and 73% of patients reporting a clinically meaningful improvement at 24 weeks  compared to 63% and 65% of placebo patients  respectively.Reduced systemic corticosteroid use by an average of 66% and 59% over one year compared to placebo (0.27 and 0.35 courses per year for Dupixent vs. 0.81 and 0.86 for placebo  respectively).The safety results from the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in patients aged 12 years and older with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma. The overall rates of adverse events were 83% for Dupixent and 80% for placebo. Adverse events that were more commonly observed with Dupixent compared to placebo included injection site reactions (18% Dupixent  13% placebo)  viral upper respiratory tract infections (12% Dupixent  10% placebo) and eosinophilia (7% Dupixent  1% placebo). Helminth infections were also more commonly observed with Dupixent in patients aged 6 to 11 years and were reported in 2% of Dupixent patients and 0% of placebo patients.About the LIBERTY ASTHMA VOYAGE TrialThe Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent (100 mg or 200 mg every two weeks  based on weight tier) combined with standard-of-care asthma therapy in 408 children aged 6 to 11 years with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma. More than 90% of children in the trial had at least one concurrent atopic medical condition such as allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.The primary endpoint was the annualized rate of severe asthma exacerbations over one year  and the key secondary endpoint was the change from baseline in percentage of predicted pre-bronchodilator FEV 1 (FEV 1 pp) at week 12. The FEV 1 pp seeks to evaluate a patient's change in lung function compared to their predicted lung function based on age  height  sex and ethnicity to account for children's growing lung capacity at different stages of development. Additional secondary endpoints included responder rates for asthma control as measured by a ≥0.5 improvement on the Asthma Control Questionnaire-7 Interviewer Administered (ACQ-7-IA; 7-point scale) and health-related quality of life as measured by a ≥0.5 improvement on the Pediatric Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire with Standardized Activities-Interviewer Administered (PAQLQ(S)-IA; 7-point scale).About DupixentDupixent is also approved in Europe  U.S.  Japan and other countries around the world for use in certain patients with asthma  specific patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis as well as CRSwNP in different age populations. Dupixent is also approved in one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries around the world  and more than 400 000 patients have been treated globally.Dupixent is an injection under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In the EU for pediatric patients aged 6 to 11 years  Dupixent dosing is based on weight tier (100 mg every two weeks or 300 mg every four weeks for children ≥15 to <30 kg  200 mg every two weeks or 300 mg every four weeks for children ≥30 to <60 kg and 200 mg every two weeks for children ≥60 kg) and is supplied as a pre-filled syringe. It is also available as a pre-filled pen for adolescents (12 to 17 years) and adults at 200 and 300 mg doses. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional. In children younger than 12 years of age  Dupixent should be administered by a caregiver if given at home.About Regeneron's VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create approximately a quarter of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies currently available. This includes Dupixent  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and InmazebTM (atoltivimab  maftivimab  and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes including pediatric atopic dermatitis (6 months to 5 years of age  Phase 3)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation (Phase 3)  eosinophilic esophagitis (Phase 3)  bullous pemphigoid (Phase 3)  prurigo nodularis (Phase 3)  chronic spontaneous urticaria (Phase 3)  chronic inducible urticaria-cold (Phase 3)  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis (Phase 3)  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (Phase 3)  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (Phase 3) and peanut allergy (Phase 2). These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. IndicationsDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (eczema) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 years of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTSDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problemshave a parasitic (helminth) infectionare scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a ""live vaccine"" right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby.A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed . It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis or CRSwNP  and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic reactions. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. Eye problems . Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. Inflammation of your blood vessels . Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Atopic dermatitis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  and cold sores in your mouth or on your lips.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  and cold sores in your mouth or on your lips. Asthma: injection site reactions  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  toothache  gastritis  and joint pain (arthralgia).Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch   or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It's an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it's recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children under 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for nearly 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite technologies  such as VelocImmune  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For additional information about the company  please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN andNASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (""Regeneron"" or the ""Company"")  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""plan "" ""believe "" ""seek "" ""estimate "" variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron's and its collaborators' ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron's ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Products"")  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron's Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Product Candidates"") and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) as an add-on maintenance treatment for children aged 6 to 11 years with severe asthma with type 2 inflammation; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron's Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric atopic dermatitis  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  eosinophilic esophagitis  bullous pemphigoid  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  peanut allergy  and other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron's collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron's ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron's Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron's agreements with Sanofi  Bayer  and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Dupixent  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron's business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.SOURCE Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.92,0.08,mixed,0.25,0.23,0.52,True,English,"['European Commission', '6 to 11 Years', 'Severe Asthma', 'Type 2 Inflammation', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Children', 'fractional exhaled nitric oxide', 'medium to high dose', 'Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'higher disease burden', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'Phase 3 VOYAGE trial', 'Two pre-specified populations', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'significant clinical benefit', 'M.D. Head', 'The EC decision', 'unpredictable asthma attacks', 'common chronic diseases', 'baseline blood eosinophils', 'oral corticosteroid use', 'two key drivers', 'severe asthma attacks', 'Uncontrolled severe asthma', 'significant safety risks', 'significant risks', 'uncontrolled moderate', 'two groups', 'Ph.D.', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'clinical trials', 'Phase 3 trials', 'Phase 3 data', 'morbid diseases', 'investigational diseases', 'childhood asthma', 'asthma therapy', 'baseline FeNO', 'lung function', 'N.Y.', 'European Commission', 'marketing authorization', 'European Union', 'medicinal product', 'profound effects', 'routine disruption', 'daily activities', 'systemic steroids', 'major role', 'related conditions', 'nasal polyposis', 'morbid condition', 'atopic dermatitis', 'other conditions', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'serious symptoms', 'developing airways', 'life-threatening exacerbations', 'multiple courses', 'IL-13 blockade', 'multiple related', 'Naimish Patel', 'Global Development', 'continued commitment', 'negative effects', 'primary analysis', '59% average reduction', 'type 2 inflammation', 'safety profile', 'health-related quality', 'pivotal data', 'maintenance treatment', 'current standard', 'systemic corticosteroids', 'day activities', 'efficacy profile', 'one year', ""patients' lives"", 'younger patients', 'many patients', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'Dupixent®', 'Approval', 'children', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', '11 years', 'add', 'ICS', 'benefits', 'growth', 'President', 'care', 'bronchodilators', 'coughing', 'wheezing', 'difficulty', 'school', 'sports', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', '13) pathways', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'CRSwNP', 'medicines', 'Immunology', 'hope', 'evidence', '≥300 cells', '≥20 parts', 'billion', '150 cells', 'rates', 'placebo', '0.31 events', '24']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,prnewswire.com
2483,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-expands-availability-of-valours-polkadot-solana-and-cardano-etps-to-euronext-exchange-301518637.html,DeFi Technologies Expands Availability of Valour's Polkadot  Solana  and Cardano ETPs to Euronext Exchange,1 day ago,"Trad i ng of three exchange traded products  Cardano (ADA) EUR (ISIN:CH1114178820)  Polkadot (DOT) EUR (ISIN: CH1114178812)  and Solana (SOL) EUR (ISIN:CH1114178812)  began today  April 6  2022 on Euronext exchangesng of three exchange traded products  Cardano (ADA) EUR (ISIN:CH1114178820)  Polkadot (DOT) EUR (ISIN: CH1114178812)  and Solana (SOL) EUR (ISIN:CH1114178812)  began today  on Euronext exchanges The ETPs will enable retail and institutional investors to gain exposure to the ADA  DOT  and SOL tokens simply and securely via their bank or brokerTORONTO  April 6  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralised finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset ETPs  will began trading of Valour Cardano (ADA)  Valour Polkadot (DOT)  and Valour Solana (SOL) on the Euronext exchange in Paris and Amsterdam. Trading of these ETPs began today  April 6  2022.These ETPs will be offered on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam enabling both retail and institutional investors to gain exposure to the native tokens of the Cardano  PolkaDot and Solana networks safely and without navigating the process of opening a crypto wallet.""By adding to our product offerings in European markets  we are offering millions of investors who are interested in digital assets new and accessible ways to diversify their portfolios "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO of Valour. ""I am confident that our low fee model and unparalleled access to this emerging asset class will serve as a catalyst for the long term growth of our Euronext offerings.""Valour offers fully hedged digital asset ETPs with low to zero management fees across four European exchanges. Valour's existing product range includes Valour Uniswap ( UNI )  Cardano ( ADA )  Polkadot ( DOT )  Solana ( SOL )  Avalanche ( AVAX )  and Terra ( LUNA ) ETPs  as well as Valour's flagship Bitcoin Zero and Valour Ethereum Zero products  the first fully hedged  passive investment product with Bitcoin ( BTC ) and Ethereum ( ETH ) as underlyings which are completely fee-free  while competitors charge up to 2.5% in management fees.""As we continue to expand our product offerings onto new exchanges  even more people will have access to participating in an industry that is rewriting the future of the financial services industry "" said CEO of DeFi Technologies Russell Starr. ""Investors are interested in the opportunity to get into crypto as it establishes itself  and Valour's ETPs enable them to do that on regulated exchanges they know and trust.""Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comCautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the listing of Valour Cardano (ADA)  Valour Polkadot (DOT) EUR  and Valour Solana (SOL) ETPs; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASESOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['DeFi Technologies', 'Cardano ETPs', 'Euronext Exchange', 'Availability', 'Valour', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'low to zero management fees', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'three exchange traded products', 'Valour Ethereum Zero products', 'low fee model', 'emerging asset class', 'traditional capital markets', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'existing product range', 'long term growth', 'four European exchanges', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'financial services industry', 'passive investment product', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'digital asset ETPs', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'Euronext exchanges ng', 'European markets', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'product offerings', 'digital assets', 'financial information', 'regulated exchanges', 'Euronext offerings', 'Valour Inc.', 'new exchanges', 'new technologies', 'decentralised finance', 'native tokens', 'accessible ways', 'Tommy Fransson', 'Russell Starr', 'disruptive innovations', 'secure way', 'Cautionary note', 'press release', 'investor interest', 'geographic expansion', 'additional listings', 'ETP offerings', 'regulatory environment', 'potential returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'technology company', 'company updates', 'looking information', 'Euronext Paris', 'unparalleled access', 'investor access', 'The ETPs', 'institutional investors', 'Solana networks', 'crypto wallet', 'Valour Uniswap', 'defi.tech', 'business opportunities', 'SOL tokens', 'Valour Solana', 'Valour Cardano', 'Valour Polkadot', 'ADA', 'ISIN', 'retail', 'bank', 'broker', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'subsidiary', 'pioneer', 'trading', 'Amsterdam', 'process', 'millions', 'portfolios', 'CEO', 'catalyst', 'Avalanche', 'AVAX', 'Terra', 'LUNA', 'flagship', 'BTC', 'underlyings', 'competitors', 'people', 'future', 'opportunity', 'mission', 'heart', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'meaning', 'respect', 'adoption', 'pursuit', 'subsidiaries', 'merits', 'use', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'variations', 'words', 'phrases', 'actions', 'events', 'results', 'uncertainties']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,prnewswire.com
2484,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.agricensus.com/Article/Euronext-investors-boost-French-wheat-net-long-corn-net-long-plunges-21555.html,Euronext investors boost French wheat net long  corn net long plunges,1 day ago,To read this article and see the full service  register now for a 14 day trialEnjoy access to live news  prices assessments  forecasts and much moreRegister now for your 14 day free trial which gives you:Live news : full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets: full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets Price assessments : daily spot and forward prices: daily spot and forward prices Tender dashboard : see who has won each tender and at what price: see who has won each tender and at what price Export trade dashboard : track all the latest data: track all the latest data Crop forecast table : all the key analysts and organisations: all the key analysts and organisations News archive: fully searchable  full historySign up today and someone in our team will be in touch with you shortly,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['French wheat net long', 'corn net long plunges', 'Euronext investors', 'latest data Crop forecast table', 'price Export trade dashboard', '14 day free trial', 'organisations News archive', '14 day trial', 'live news', 'Price assessments', 'Tender dashboard', 'full service', 'prices assessments', 'full coverage', 'barley markets', 'daily spot', 'forward prices', 'key analysts', 'full history', 'article', 'access', 'forecasts', 'wheat', 'corn', 'soy', 'searchable', 'someone', 'team', 'touch']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,agricensus.com
2485,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/nl/persberichten/pharming-announces-the-filing-of-its-2021-annual-report-with-form-20-f-also-filed-with-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-and-convenes-its-2022-agm-877569708.html,Pharming announces the filing of its 2021 Annual Report  with Form 20-F also filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and convenes its 2022 AGM,1 day ago,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 6  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces the filing of its Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the ""Period""). The Company has also filed its Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the Period. In addition  the company convenes its 2022 AGM.The Annual Report is available on the Company's website under Investors/Financial Documents  https://www.pharming.com/investors/financial-documents. The Form 20-F is also available the Company's website under Investors/SEC filings https://www.pharming.com/investors/sec-filings.In addition  the Company's 2022 Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held on Wednesday 18 May 2022 at 2:00 pm (CEST). The Notice to Convene  Explanatory Notes  meeting documents and Form of Proxy can be found on the Company's website  www.pharming.com under Investors/Shareholders' Meetings.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. is a global  commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative protein replacement therapies and precision medicines for the treatment of rare diseases and unmet medical needs.The flagship of our portfolio is our recombinant human C1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH) franchise. C1INH is a naturally occurring protein that down regulates the complement and contact cascades in order to control inflammation in affected tissues.Our lead product  RUCONEST®  is the first and only plasma-free rhC1INH protein replacement therapy. It is approved for the treatment of acute hereditary angioedema (HAE) attacks. We are commercializing RUCONEST® in the United States  the European Union and the United Kingdom through our own sales and marketing organization  and the rest of the world through our distribution network.In addition  we are investigating the clinical efficacy of rhC1INH in the treatment of further indications  including pre-eclampsia  acute kidney injury and severe pneumonia as a result of COVID-19 infections.We are also studying our oral precision medicine  leniolisib (a phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta  or PI3K delta  inhibitor)  for the treatment of activated PI3K delta syndrome  or APDS. World-wide rights for leniolisib were licensed from Novartis AG in 2019. Leniolisib met both of its primary end points in a registration enabling Phase 2/3 study in the United States and Europe. We are targeting global regulatory filings for leniolisib from Q2 2022 onwards.Additionally  we entered into a strategic collaboration with Orchard Therapeutics to research  develop  manufacture and commercialize OTL-105  a newly disclosed investigational ex-vivo autologous hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) gene therapy for the treatment of HAE.Furthermore  we are leveraging our transgenic manufacturing technology to develop next-generation protein replacement therapies  most notably for Pompe disease  which is currently in preclinical development.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's ability to overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the conduct of its business  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsSijmen de Vries  CEO: T: +31 71 524 7400Susanne Embleton  Investor Relations Manager: T: +31 71 524 7400 E: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgThe content and accuracy of news releases published on this site and/or distributed by PR Newswire or its partners are the sole responsibility of the originating company or organisation. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of our services  such releases are not actively monitored or reviewed by PR Newswire or its partners and under no circumstances shall PR Newswire or its partners be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the use of such information. All information should be checked prior to publication.SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['U.S. Securities', '2021 Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'Pharming', 'filing', 'Form', '2022 AGM', 'investigational ex-vivo autologous hematopoietic stem cell', 'recombinant human C1 esterase inhibitor', 'plasma-free rhC1INH protein replacement therapy', 'global, commercial stage biopharmaceutical company', 'enabling Phase 2/3 study', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'innovative protein replacement therapies', 'next-generation protein replacement therapies', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'HSC) gene therapy', 'global regulatory filings', 'U.S. Securities', 'unmet medical needs', 'acute hereditary angioedema', 'acute kidney injury', 'primary end points', 'transgenic manufacturing technology', 'working capital requirements', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Investor Relations Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'oral precision medicine', 'PI3K delta syndrome', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', '2022 Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual Report', 'The Form 20-F', 'rhC1INH) franchise', '2021 Annual Report', 'Investors/SEC filings', 'meeting documents', 'precision medicines', 'Exchange Commission', 'Investors/Financial Documents', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'Explanatory Notes', ""Investors/Shareholders' Meetings"", 'rare diseases', 'contact cascades', 'affected tissues', 'lead product', 'United States', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'marketing organization', 'distribution network', 'clinical efficacy', 'severe pneumonia', 'COVID-19 infections', 'World-wide rights', 'Novartis AG', 'strategic collaboration', 'Orchard Therapeutics', 'Pompe disease', 'preclinical development', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'cash resources', 'technical developments', 'actual results', 'Susanne Embleton', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'The Netherlands', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'HAE) attacks', 'public information', 'other risks', 'Inside Information', 'LEIDEN', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'year', 'December', 'Period', 'addition', '2022 AGM', 'website', 'financial-documents', 'sec-filings', 'CEST', 'Notice', 'Proxy', 'treatment', 'flagship', 'portfolio', 'complement', 'order', 'inflammation', 'RUCONEST®', 'first', 'sales', 'rest', 'indications', 'pre-eclampsia', 'leniolisib', 'activated', 'APDS', 'registration', 'Q2', 'manufacture', 'OTL-105', 'respect', 'timing', 'progress', 'prospects', 'ability', 'challenges', 'conduct', 'business', 'expectations', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'events', 'circumstances', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'Article', 'CEO', 'London', 'UK', 'Pharming_Group_NV_L', '2:00', '31']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,prnewswire.com
2486,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220407005812/en/Norsk-Titanium-AS-Joins-OTCQB-Venture-Market,Norsk Titanium AS Joins OTCQB Venture Market,5 hours ago,PLATTSBURGH  N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Norsk Titanium AS (Euronext: NTI  OTCQB: NORSF) is pleased to announce that it has obtained approval for trading on the OTCQB market and commenced trading under the ticker “NORSF”. By joining OTCQB market  the company further enhances its North American presence and commitment to U.S. customers and investors.Norsk Titanium is a global leader in metal 3D printing through its Rapid Plasma Deposition® (RPD®) technology and industrial scale production in the highly regulated Commercial Aerospace industry. Headquartered in Norway  Norsk Titanium entered the public marketplace in 2021 by listing on the Euronext Growth exchange.“We are excited to start trading our shares on the OTCQB Venture Market ” said Michael Canario  CEO of Norsk Titanium. “This is a natural progression of our vision to broaden our investor base and expand our presence in North America where our state-of-the-art 640 metric tons additive manufacturing production facilities are located.”“Norsk Titanium is poised to enter a period of significant growth  offering cost-efficient and value-adding 3D printed parts to a large addressable market ” adds Canario. With its additively manufactured RPD® parts already in serial production for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner  Norsk Titanium is now developing parts for the Airbus A350  US defense market prime contractors  and the industrial market.The OTCQB is operated by the OTC Markets Group and recognized by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as an established public market providing data that investors need to analyze  value and trade securities. Being part of the OTC Markets Group will assist in diversifying Norsk Titanium’s shareholder base with increased liquidity and brand visibility while maintaining a high level of transparency to inform and engage investors.More information about OTCQB requirements and standards can be found at:https://www.otcmarkets.com/corporate-services/get-started/otcqb.ABOUT NORSK TITANIUMNorsk Titanium is a global leader in metal 3D printing  innovating the future of metal manufacturing by enabling a paradigm shift to a clean and sustainable manufacturing process. With its proprietary Rapid Plasma Deposition® (RPD®) technology and 700 MT of production capacity  Norsk Titanium offers cost-efficient 3D printing of value-added metal parts to a large addressable market. The RPD® technology uses significantly less raw material  energy  and time than traditional energy-intensive forming methods  presenting customers with an opportunity to better manage input costs  logistics  and environmental impact. RPD® printed parts are already flying on commercial aircraft  and Norsk Titanium has gained significant traction with large defense and industrial customers.www.norsktitanium.com,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Norsk Titanium AS', 'OTCQB Venture Market', '640 metric tons additive manufacturing production facilities', 'US defense market prime contractors', 'traditional energy-intensive forming methods', 'proprietary Rapid Plasma Deposition®', 'value-adding 3D printed parts', 'sustainable manufacturing process', 'metal 3D printing', 'OTC Markets Group', 'less raw material', 'industrial scale production', 'Commercial Aerospace industry', 'RPD® printed parts', 'large addressable market', 'value-added metal parts', 'cost-efficient 3D printing', 'U.S. customers', 'OTCQB Venture Market', 'North American presence', 'The RPD® technology', 'Euronext Growth exchange', 'metal manufacturing', 'large defense', 'serial production', 'production capacity', 'industrial market', 'RPD® parts', 'public market', 'RPD®) technology', 'OTCQB market', 'significant growth', 'Exchange Commission', 'commercial aircraft', 'The OTCQB', 'industrial customers', 'N.Y', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Norsk Titanium', 'global leader', 'natural progression', 'investor base', 'Boeing 787 Dreamliner', 'Airbus A350', 'shareholder base', 'brand visibility', 'high level', 'More information', 'paradigm shift', 'input costs', 'environmental impact', 'significant traction', 'OTCQB requirements', 'Michael Canario', 'trade securities', 'PLATTSBURGH', 'NORSF', 'approval', 'trading', 'ticker', 'company', 'commitment', 'investors', 'regulated', 'Norway', 'shares', 'CEO', 'vision', 'state', 'period', 'data', 'increased', 'liquidity', 'transparency', 'standards', 'otcmarkets', 'corporate-services', 'future', 'clean', '700 MT', 'time', 'opportunity', 'logistics', 'norsktitanium']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,businesswire.com
2487,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-selected-by-Monoprix-for-its-new-omnichannel-payment-platform-across-all-of-its-stores-39987719/,Worldline : selected by Monoprix for its new omnichannel payment platform across all of its stores,14 hours ago,"Paris La Défense  7 April 2022-Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has been chosen by Monoprix to roll out its payment platform across all 700 of its stores in 250 towns in France. The roll-out includes its six retail chains: Monoprix  monop'  monop'daily  monop'beauty  monop'station and Naturalia.Monoprix has selected Worldline's omnichannel platform in order to offer its customers the most fluid and seamless payment experience across all points of contact.In store  customers now expect their favourite retailers to offer the simplest and quickest buying experience possible. The Worldline platform delivers on these demands and will enable Monoprix customers to benefit from an easy  personalised and perfectly secure buying experience  drawing on Worldline's recognised expertise as a European market leader in payment solutions.Worldline's omnichannel solution  combining in-store and mobile payment acceptance  backed up by its scalable platform  makes it possible to unify all payments and respond to new omnichannel consumer behaviour  by means of innovative solutions.Worldline is currently rolling out its platform to the world's biggest retailers. This will enable them to optimise their revenues while facilitating and improving cross-selling opportunities and enhancing customer loyalty and overall satisfaction.""We have decided to put our trust in Worldline because of its ability to provide support in rolling out a proven digital payment solution  and also because it has been able to offer and implement innovations that make our customers' payment experience even more fluid "" comments""Worldline is proud to be working with such an iconic and prestigious French brand. We are delighted to be helping improve the customer experience across all of Monoprix's sales channels and at all of its stores in France  by offering a one-stop solution that will be rolled out and fully operational by the end of 2022"" saysABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include in-store and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2021 Worldline generated a proforma revenue close to 4 billion euros.ABOUT MONOPRIXMonoprix is part of the Casino group. A leading name in city-centre retail with stores in over 250 towns in France  it has 23 000 employees working daily at 800 stores  with three retail formats-Monoprix  monop' and Naturalia-and two e-commerce sites-monoprix.fr and Sarenza-grouped together within Monoprix Online. In 2021  Monoprix generated sales of €5 billion. For more information  visit entreprise.monoprix.frWORLDLINE MEDIA CONTACTHélène CarlanderT +33 (0)7 72 25 96 04E helene.carlander@worldline.comVirginie BonnetT +33 (0)6 18 70 72 12E virginie.bonnet@worldline.comMONOPRIX MEDIA CONTACTT +33 (0)6 75 62 26 41E pressecorporate@monoprix.fr",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.82,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['new omnichannel payment platform', 'Worldline', 'Monoprix', 'stores', 'Paris La Défense', 'new omnichannel consumer behaviour', 'quickest buying experience possible', 'Hélène Carlander', 'secure payment transaction processing', 'secure buying experience', 'prestigious French brand', 'two e-commerce sites', 'seamless payment experience', 'mobile payment acceptance', 'six retail chains', 'three retail formats', 'online commercial acquiring', 'European market leader', 'digital payment solution', 'numerous digital services', ""customers' payment experience"", 'MONOPRIX MEDIA CONTACT', 'WORLDLINE MEDIA CONTACT', 'The Worldline platform', 'omnichannel solution', 'customer experience', 'payment services', 'payment platform', 'payment solutions', 'omnichannel platform', 'city-centre retail', 'global leader', 'one-stop solution', 'favourite retailers', 'easy, personalised', 'scalable platform', 'innovative solutions', 'biggest retailers', 'cross-selling opportunities', 'customer loyalty', 'overall satisfaction', 'technology partner', 'sustainable, trusted', 'proforma revenue', '4 billion euros', 'Casino group', 'leading name', 'Monoprix Online', 'sales channels', 'payments industry', 'Monoprix customers', 'Virginie Bonnet', 'April', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'stores', '250 towns', 'France', 'roll-out', 'beauty', 'station', 'Naturalia', 'order', 'fluid', 'points', 'simplest', 'demands', 'expertise', 'means', 'revenues', 'ability', 'support', 'innovations', 'iconic', 'end', 'choice', 'merchants', 'banks', 'acquirers', '20,000 employees', '50 countries', 'clients', 'growth', '23,000 employees', 'Sarenza', 'information', 'entreprise', 'pressecorporate', '2022', '2021']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,marketscreener.com
2488,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/bnp-paribas-am-launches-green-social-bond-etf/,BNP Paribas AM launches green social bond ETF,12 hours ago,BNP Paribas AM launches green social bond ETFFollows the launch of med tech and hydrogen ETFs in MarchBNP Paribas Asset Management (BNP PAM) has expanded its thematic range with the launch of a green  social and sustainability bond ETF.The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social and Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF (ASRQ) is listed on the Euronext Paris and Deutsche Boerse with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.25%.The ETF tracks the JP Morgan ESG Green  Social and Sustainability IG EUR Bond index  comprising euro-denominated bonds from both developed and emerging markets.It will also target green bonds aligned with the objectives of the Paris Agreement. The ETF will be labelled Article 9 under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR).In order to select the best ESG issuers  the index will use a rating and selection methodology  designed to provide exposure to renewable energy infrastructure and social programmes to combat unemployment and projects that align with the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals.Furthermore  selection will be based on the Climate Bonds Initiative (CBI) while companies that receive revenue from thermal coal  tar sands  tobacco or weapons will be excluded.Denis Panel  head of multi-asset  quantitative and solutions at BNP PAM  said: “Growing client demand for sustainable bonds leads us to offer relevant long-term investment solutions.“This ETF expands our range of sustainable fixed income index funds and demonstrates our desire to be a key provider of thematic ESG ETFs.”It follows the launch of two thematic ETFs by BNP PAM last month. The BNP Paribas Easy ECPI Global ESG Med Tech UCITS ETF (ASRP) and BNP Paribas Easy ECPI Global Hydrogen Economy UCITS ETF (ASRS) are also listed on the Deutsche Boerse and Euronext Paris with total expense ratios (TERs) of 0.30%.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,True,English,"['green social bond ETF', 'BNP Paribas AM', 'The BNP Paribas Easy ECPI Global ESG Med Tech UCITS ETF', 'BNP Paribas Easy ECPI Global Hydrogen Economy UCITS ETF', 'The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social', 'Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF', 'Sustainability IG EUR Bond index', 'sustainable fixed income index funds', 'BNP Paribas Asset Management', 'green social bond ETF', 'Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation', 'BNP Paribas AM', 'relevant long-term investment solutions', 'sustainability bond ETF', 'best ESG issuers', 'thematic ESG ETFs', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'total expense ratio', 'renewable energy infrastructure', 'Growing client demand', 'two thematic ETFs', 'Climate Bonds Initiative', 'hydrogen ETFs', 'green, social', 'BNP PAM', 'green bonds', 'sustainable bonds', 'social programmes', 'euro-denominated bonds', 'thematic range', 'Euronext Paris', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'emerging markets', 'Paris Agreement', 'United Nation', 'thermal coal', 'tar sands', 'Denis Panel', 'key provider', 'Related articles', 'selection methodology', 'launch', 'March', 'ASRQ', 'objectives', 'SFDR', 'order', 'rating', 'exposure', 'unemployment', 'projects', 'CBI', 'companies', 'revenue', 'tobacco', 'weapons', 'head', 'quantitative', 'desire', 'ASRP', 'ASRS', 'TERs']",2022-07-04,2022-04-07,etfstream.com
2489,EuroNext,Bing API,https://citywireselector.com/news/bnp-paribas-am-expands-green-etf-range-with-ig-bond-strategy/a2384630?assetClassID=17,BNP Paribas AM expands green ETF range with IG bond strategy,The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social & Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF  which is classified as Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation Article 9  is listed on both the Euronext Paris and Deutsche Börse Xetra. The newly launched product replicates ...,The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social & Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF  which is classified as Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation Article 9  is listed on both the Euronext Paris and Deutsche Börse Xetra. The newly launched product replicates ...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['BNP Paribas AM', 'green ETF range', 'IG bond strategy', 'The BNP Paribas Easy JPM ESG Green Social', 'Sustainability IG EUR Bond ETF', 'Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation Article', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Euronext Paris', 'product']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,citywireselector.com
2490,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1103976929/COFACE-SA-AM-Best-affirms-Cofaces-main-operating-subsidiaries-rating-at-A-Excellent-with-a-stable-outlook,COFACE SA: AM Best affirms Coface's main operating subsidiaries rating at A (Excellent) with a stable outlook,Insurer Financial Strength – IFS rating of Compagnie française d'assurance pour le commerce extérieur (la Compagnie )  Coface North America Insurance Company (CNAIC) and Coface Re. The outlook for these ratings remain“stable”.,(MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire - Nasdaq) English FrenchCOFACE SA: AM Best affirms Coface's main operating subsidiaries rating at A (Excellent) with a stable outlookParis  7 April 2022 – 1 8.00The rating agency AM Best affirmed on xx April 2022 the A (Excellent) Insurer Financial Strength – IFS rating of Compagnie française d'assurance pour le commerce extérieur (la Compagnie )  Coface North America Insurance Company (CNAIC) and Coface Re. The outlook for these ratings remain“stable”.In its press release  AM Best highlights that this rating reflect“Coface group's balance sheet strength  which AM Best categorises as very strong  as well as its adequate operating performance  favourable business profile and appropriate enterprise risk management”.This strength is underpinned by a consolidated risk-adjusted capitalization at the strongest level as measured by the Best's Capital Adequacy Ratio (BCAR) score.AM Best also acknowledges that“the group's operating performance is expected to remain at an adequate level over the medium term  supported by management's ability to take prompt risk-mitigating actions on non-performing business when required”.Last  in its release  the rating agency underscores that this note reflects Coface's“leading position in the global credit insurance market  which is characterised by high barriers to entry”.CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 –Benoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 –MEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 –Corentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 -FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2021/2022( subject to change)Q1-2022 results: 28 April 2022 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders' Meeting 2021: 17 May 2022H1-2022 results: 28 July 2022 (after market close)9M-2022 results: 27 October 2022 (after market closeFINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA's integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group's website:For regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for S1-2021 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7“Key financial performance indicators”)COFACE: FOR TRADEWith 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface's experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.COFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5“Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment2022 04 07 PR AM BestAttachments 2022 04 07 PR AM Best...,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.21,0.55,True,English,"['main operating subsidiaries rating', 'AM Best', 'stable outlook', 'COFACE SA', 'Excellent', 'Coface North America Insurance Company', ""Annual General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Excellent) Insurer Financial Strength', 'appropriate enterprise risk management', 'main operating subsidiaries rating', 'global credit insurance market', 'Single Risk insurance', 'trade credit insurance', 'Main risk factors', 'commerce extérieur', 'Capital Adequacy Ratio', 'prompt risk-mitigating actions', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'Interim Financial Report', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'balance sheet strength', 'adequate operating performance', 'favourable business profile', 'integral regulatory information', 'Compagnie française', 'adjacent specialty services', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'global economy', 'credit decisions', 'adequate level', 'performing business', 'FOR TRADE', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'The Group', 'rating agency', 'IFS rating', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'new information', 'MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire', 'English French', 'risk-adjusted capitalization', 'strongest level', 'BCAR) score', 'medium term', 'leading position', 'high barriers', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Corentin HENRY', 'Q1-2022 results', 'H1-2022 results', 'market close', '9M-2022 results', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'COFACE SA', 'Coface Re.', 'AM Best', 'press release', 'stable outlook', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'unidentified risks', 'xx April', '7 April', '28 April', '6 April', 'Nasdaq', 'assurance', 'CNAIC', 'ratings', 'consolidated', 'ability', 'non', 'note', 'entry', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'change', '17 May', 'website', 'APM', 'S1', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', 'world', 'companies', 'solutions', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,538 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'chapter', 'AMF', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '1 49 02', '27', '3.7']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,menafn.com
2491,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1103976350/LECTRA-Availability-of-the-information-relating-tothe-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-April-29-202,LECTRA: Availability of the information relating to the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of April 29  202,Founded in 1973  the company reported revenues of 388 million euros in 2021 and is listed on Euronext (LSS). In June 2021  Lectra acquired Gerber Technology  a USA-based company founded in 1968.,(MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire - Nasdaq) English FrenchAvailability of the information re lating to the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of April 29  2022Paris  April 7  2022 – The Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Lectra will take place on Friday April 29  2022 at 9:30 a.m. CET  at the head office situated at 16-18 rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris.The notice of meeting (avis de reunion valant avis de convocation)  which was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) dated March 23  2022  bulletin n°35  includes the agenda  the draft resolutions submitted to this Shareholders' Meeting and the conditions for participation and exercise of voting rights.All the documents relating to this Shareholders' Meeting  as referred to in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code  are available online and can be downloaded directly on the Lectra website: .The documents and information relating to this Shareholders' Meeting are also available to shareholders at Lectra's head office  or may be received by letter post through a simple and free request addressed to Lectra  Investor Relations  16-18 rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris  under the conditions provided by current legal and regulatory provisions.For companies that breathe life into our wardrobes  car interiors  furniture and more  Lectra crafts the premium technologies that facilitate the digital transformation of their industry. Lectra's offer empowers brands  manufacturers and retailers from design to production  providing them with the market respect and peace of mind they deserve. Founded in 1973  the company reported revenues of 388 million euros in 2021 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).In June 2021  Lectra acquired Gerber Technology  a USA-based company founded in 1968. Like Lectra  Gerber Technology develops software and automation solutions for fashion  automotive  furniture and other businesses across the globe.For more information  please visit .Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 742 959 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305AttachmentLECTRA_PR_Availability of the documents relating to the Shareholders' Meeting 29.04.2022_GBAttachments LECTRA_PR_Availability of the documents relating to the Shareholders' Meeting 29.04.2022_GB...,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.05,positive,0.54,0.44,0.01,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'LECTRA', 'Availability', 'information', 'April', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'French Société Anonyme', ""The Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'French Commercial Code', '16-18 rue Chalgrin', 'French Bulletin des', 'RCS Paris B', 'English French', 'MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire', 'head office', 'draft resolutions', 'voting rights', 'letter post', 'free request', 'Investor Relations', 'current legal', 'regulatory provisions', 'car interiors', 'premium technologies', 'digital transformation', 'market respect', '388 million euros', 'Gerber Technology', 'automation solutions', 'other businesses', 'World Headquarters', 'avis de', 'USA-based company', 'Friday April', 'Lectra website', '75016 Paris', 'Nasdaq', 'Availability', 'information', 'place', '9:30 a', 'CET', 'notice', 'reunion', 'convocation', 'BALO', 'March', 'agenda', 'conditions', 'participation', 'exercise', 'documents', 'Article', 'simple', 'companies', 'life', 'wardrobes', 'furniture', 'industry', 'offer', 'brands', 'manufacturers', 'retailers', 'design', 'production', 'peace', 'mind', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'LSS', 'June', 'software', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment', 'GB']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,menafn.com
2492,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-04/55728014-inventiva-inventiva-announces-the-presentation-of-a-scientific-abstract-at-the-next-international-conference-on-fatty-liver-399.htm,INVENTIVA: Inventiva announces the presentation of a scientific abstract at the next International Conference on Fatty Liver,April 7  2022 - Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small,"Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  April 7  2022 - Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that the abstract ""Lanifibranor  a pan-PPAR agonist  improves markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with NASH"" has been selected for oral presentation during the third International Conference on Fatty Liver to be held from the 28th to the 30th of April 2022 in Vienna  Austria.This abstract focuses on the improvement of markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with NASH treated with lanifibranor versus placebo. NASH is a multisystemic disease and often occurs with other metabolic conditions  such as atherosclerosis and type-2 diabetes. In Inventiva's Phase IIb clinical trial 'NATIVE'  lanifibranor has demonstrated beneficial effects on liver histology  NASH resolution and fibrosis improvement in patients with NASH. Cardiovascular events are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with NASH. Based on the NATIVE data  the authors show that lanifibranor has also beneficial effects on a broad panel of markers of cardiometabolic health including dyslipidemia  hyperglycemia  insulin resistance  inflammation  blood pressure and hepatic steatosis measured by ultrasound guided Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP).The details of the oral presentation are as follows:Session: Session 2: ""Optimising cardio metabolic outcomes"" Timing of the session: 11:00-12:40 am CET Abstract title: ""Lanifibranor  a pan-PPAR agonist  improves markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with NASH"" Author: Dr. Michael Cooreman  Chief Medical Officer of Inventiva Date: April 29  2022 Time of the presentation: 12:00-12:10 CETAbout InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of NASH and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva's lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.The Company has established a strategic collaboration with AbbVie in the area of autoimmune diseases that resulted in the discovery of the drug candidate cedirogant (ABBV-157)  an oral RORg inverse agonist which is being evaluated in a Phase IIb clinical trial  led by AbbVie  in adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Inventiva's pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) VI patients. As part of Inventiva's decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signalling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris .ContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com (mailto:media@inventivapharma.com)+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupLaurence Frost /Tristan Roquet Montegon /Aude LepreuxMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com (mailto:inventiva@brunswickgroup.com)+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com (mailto:patti.bank@westwicke.com)+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva's pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  clinical trial data releases  pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  anticipated milestones  milestone payments  royalties and product sales  future activities  expectations  plans and prospects of Inventiva  the sufficiency of Inventiva's cash resources and expectations with respect to the potential commercial success and potential revenues of Inventiva's product candidates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""would""  ""could""  ""might""  ""should""  and ""continue"" and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including   that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva's business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  which could delay the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva's clinical trials on anticipated timelines or at all. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 15  2021  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15  2021 as well as the half-year financial report for the six months ended June 30  2021 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties  in addition to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.9,0.07,mixed,0.36,0.21,0.43,True,English,"['next International Conference', 'scientific abstract', 'Fatty Liver', 'INVENTIVA', 'presentation', 'ultrasound guided Controlled Attenuation Parameter', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'severe chronic plaque psoriasis', 'Hippo signalling pathway program', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'clinical trial data releases', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'oral RORg inverse agonist', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Long Island City', 'third International Conference', 'cardio metabolic outcomes', 'Dr. Michael Cooreman', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'Global External Affairs', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'safe harbor provisions', 'Patricia L. Bank', 'Investor relations patti', 'other metabolic conditions', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'lead product candidate', 'MPS) VI patients', 'oncology development candidate', 'Media relations inventiva', 'clinical development plans', 'clinical efforts', 'clinical trials', 'multisystemic disease', 'NATIVE data', 'patti.bank', 'oral presentation', 'pan-PPAR agonist', 'Fatty Liver', 'liver histology', 'candidate cedirogant', 'product sales', 'other diseases', 'public company', 'ICR Company', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'cardiometabolic health', 'type-2 diabetes', 'beneficial effects', 'Cardiovascular events', 'major cause', 'broad panel', 'insulin resistance', 'blood pressure', 'hepatic steatosis', 'strong expertise', 'nuclear receptors', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'strategic collaboration', 'autoimmune diseases', 'moderate to', 'drug candidate', 'adult mucopolysaccharidoses', 'available options', 'scientific team', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'compartment C', 'Pascaline Clerc', 'Brunswick Group', 'Laurence Frost', 'Aude Lepreux', 'Important Notice', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'pre-clinical programs', 'milestone payments', 'future activities', 'cash resources', 'The Company', 'development facility', 'fibrosis improvement', 'adult patients', 'forward-looking statements', 'Abstract title', 'Inventiva Date', 'NASH resolution', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'treatment', 'Lanifibranor', 'markers', '30th', 'April', 'Vienna', 'Austria', 'placebo', 'atherosclerosis', 'morbidity', 'mortality', 'authors', 'dyslipidemia', 'hyperglycemia', 'inflammation', 'CAP', 'details', 'Session', 'Timing', 'CET', 'Time', 'research', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'common', 'AbbVie', 'area', 'discovery', 'pipeline', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'potential', 'process', '80 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'market', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'inventivapharma', 'mailto', 'brunswickgroup', 'Westwicke', 'meaning', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'preclinical', 'milestones', 'royalties', 'expectations', 'prospects', 'sufficiency', '11:00', '12:00']",2022-04-05,2022-04-07,finanznachrichten.de
2493,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/inventiva-announces-presentation-scientific-abstract-200000760.html,Inventiva announces the presentation of a scientific abstract at the next International Conference on Fatty Liver,April 7  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs ,INVENTIVADaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  April 7  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that the abstract “Lanifibranor  a pan-PPAR agonist  improves markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with NASH” has been selected for oral presentation during the third International Conference on Fatty Liver to be held from the 28th to the 30th of April 2022 in Vienna  Austria.This abstract focuses on the improvement of markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with NASH treated with lanifibranor versus placebo. NASH is a multisystemic disease and often occurs with other metabolic conditions  such as atherosclerosis and type-2 diabetes. In Inventiva’s Phase IIb clinical trial ‘NATIVE’  lanifibranor has demonstrated beneficial effects on liver histology  NASH resolution and fibrosis improvement in patients with NASH. Cardiovascular events are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with NASH. Based on the NATIVE data  the authors show that lanifibranor has also beneficial effects on a broad panel of markers of cardiometabolic health including dyslipidemia  hyperglycemia  insulin resistance  inflammation  blood pressure and hepatic steatosis measured by ultrasound guided Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP).The details of the oral presentation are as follows:Session: Session 2: “Optimising cardio metabolic outcomes” Timing of the session: 11:00-12:40 am CET Abstract title: “Lanifibranor  a pan-PPAR agonist  improves markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with NASH” Author: Dr. Michael Cooreman  Chief Medical Officer of Inventiva Date: April 29  2022 Time of the presentation: 12:00-12:10 CETAbout InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of NASH and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Story continuesThe Company has established a strategic collaboration with AbbVie in the area of autoimmune diseases that resulted in the discovery of the drug candidate cedirogant (ABBV-157)  an oral RORg inverse agonist which is being evaluated in a Phase IIb clinical trial  led by AbbVie  in adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signalling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly‑owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA - ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.com .ContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupLaurence Frost /Tristan Roquet Montegon /Aude LepreuxMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  clinical trial data releases  pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  anticipated milestones  milestone payments  royalties and product sales  future activities  expectations  plans and prospects of Inventiva  the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and expectations with respect to the potential commercial success and potential revenues of Inventiva’s product candidates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including   that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  which could delay the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines or at all. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 15  2021  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15  2021 as well as the half-year financial report for the six months ended June 30  2021 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties  in addition to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.79,0.17,mixed,0.42,0.26,0.31,True,English,"['next International Conference', 'scientific abstract', 'Fatty Liver', 'Inventiva', 'presentation', 'ultrasound guided Controlled Attenuation Parameter', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'severe chronic plaque psoriasis', 'Hippo signalling pathway program', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'clinical trial data releases', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'oral RORg inverse agonist', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Long Island City', 'third International Conference', 'cardio metabolic outcomes', 'Dr. Michael Cooreman', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'Global External Affairs', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'safe harbor provisions', 'other metabolic conditions', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'lead product candidate', 'Patricia L. Bank', 'MPS) VI patients', 'oncology development candidate', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'clinical development plans', 'Media relations inventiva', 'clinical efforts', 'clinical trials', 'multisystemic disease', 'NATIVE data', 'oral presentation', 'pan-PPAR agonist', 'Fatty Liver', 'liver histology', 'candidate cedirogant', 'Investor relations', 'product sales', 'other diseases', 'The Company', 'public company', 'ICR Company', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'cardiometabolic health', 'type-2 diabetes', 'beneficial effects', 'Cardiovascular events', 'major cause', 'broad panel', 'insulin resistance', 'blood pressure', 'hepatic steatosis', 'strong expertise', 'nuclear receptors', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'strategic collaboration', 'autoimmune diseases', 'moderate to', 'drug candidate', 'adult mucopolysaccharidoses', 'available options', 'scientific team', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'compartment C', 'Pascaline Clerc', 'Brunswick Group', 'Laurence Frost', 'Aude Lepreux', 'Important Notice', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'milestone payments', 'future activities', 'development facility', 'fibrosis improvement', 'Abstract title', 'adult patients', 'forward-looking statements', 'Inventiva Date', 'NASH resolution', 'Daix', 'France', 'treatment', 'Lanifibranor', 'markers', '28th', '30th', 'April', 'Vienna', 'Austria', 'placebo', 'atherosclerosis', 'morbidity', 'mortality', 'authors', 'dyslipidemia', 'hyperglycemia', 'inflammation', 'CAP', 'details', 'Session', 'Timing', 'CET', 'Time', 'research', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'common', 'Story', 'AbbVie', 'area', 'discovery', 'pipeline', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'potential', 'process', '80 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'ISIN', 'inventivapharma', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'brunswickgroup', 'Westwicke', 'patti', 'meaning', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'preclinical', 'milestones', 'royalties', 'expectations', 'prospects', 'sufficiency', '11:00']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,finance.yahoo.com
2494,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2022-04-07/maat-pharma-announces-the-initiation-of-a-phase-2a-investigator-sponsored-clinical-trial-evaluating,MaaT Pharma Announces the Initiation of a Phase 2a Investigator-Sponsored Clinical Trial Evaluating MaaT013 in Combination with Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors for Patients with Melanoma,MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer ,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--$MAAT--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today the initiation of a Phase 2a clinical trial1 sponsored by AP-HP2  evaluating MaaT013  MaaT Pharma’s lead Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy candidate  in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI)  ipilimumab (Yervoy®) and nivolumab (Opdivo®)  which are standard first line treatments for patients with metastatic melanoma.The Phase 2a clinical trial is coordinated by Professor Franck Carbonnel  MD  Professor of Gastroenterology at the Kremlin-Bicêtre Hospital in Villejuif  France  and is being carried out in collaboration with INRAE3 and Institut Gustave Roussy. The trial is a randomized  placebo-controlled study and is expected to enroll 60 patients in France. The primary endpoint is safety  while the secondary endpoint will evaluate MaaT013’s potential to improve the response to ICI therapies  as a consequence of MaaT013’s impact on the patient’s gut microbiome. Patients will be randomized to receive either MaaT013 in combination with both ICIs or a placebo with both ICIs. MaaT Pharma will provide MaaT013 drug candidate and the placebo for this study as well as perform the microbiome profiling of patients using its proprietary gutPrint® platform. This clinical trial is registered on clinicaltrials.gov.Several studies have suggested that gut microbiota diversity and richness are predictors of response to ICI treatment4 in patients with solid tumors. Notably  in two recent studies conducted in melanoma patients5  fecal microbiota transfer from ICI therapy responders could overcome resistance to that same therapy in non-responders.About MaaT013MaaT013 is a full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy. It is characterized by a consistently high diversity and richness of microbial species and the presence of ButycoreTM (group of bacterial species known to produce anti-inflammatory metabolites). MaaT013 aims to restore the symbiotic relationship between the patient’s functional gut microbiome and their immune system to correct the responsiveness and tolerance of immune functions and thus reduce steroid-resistant  gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD. MaaT013 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (aGvHD) and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial. MaaT Pharma has obtained positive safety and efficiency clinical data for 76 patients with aGvHD (Phase 2 clinical trial and Early Access Program in France).About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 NCT04988841: Prospective randomIzed clinical trial assessing the tolerance and clinical benefit of feCAl tranSplantation in patientS with melanOma treated with CTLA-4 and PD1 inhibitors.2 AP-HP: Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris3 INRAE: Institut national de recherche pour l’agriculture  l’alimentation et l’environnement4 Routy B. et al  Science 2018  Matson et al  Science 2018  Gopalakrishnan V. et al  Science  20185 Davar D. et al  Science  2021 ; Baruch E.N. et al  Science  2021MaaT Pharma – Investor RelationsHervé AFFAGARDCo-Founder and CEOSiân Crouzet  COO/ CFO+33 4 28 29 14 00invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma – Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 07 55 25 36prichaud@maat-pharma.comTrophic CommunicationsCorporate CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE orGretchen SCHWEITZER+49 89 23 88 77 31maat@trophic.eu,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.04,0.29,0.67,True,English,"['Phase 2a Investigator-Sponsored Clinical Trial', 'Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Initiation', 'MaaT013', 'Combination', 'Patients', 'Melanoma', 'lead Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy candidate', 'standard first line treatments', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'Phase 2a clinical trial1', 'Prospective randomIzed clinical trial', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'efficiency clinical data', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Kremlin-Bicêtre Hospital', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Early Access Program', 'novel disease targets', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'Institut Gustave Roussy', 'randomized, placebo-controlled study', 'two recent studies', 'fecal microbiota transfer', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'functional gut microbiome', 'acute Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'Professor Franck Carbonnel', 'gut microbiota diversity', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'MaaT013 drug candidate', 'steroid-resistant, gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD', 'quality control process', 'proprietary gutPrint® platform', 'ICI therapy responders', 'Phase 2 trial', 'feCAl tranSplantation', 'same therapy', 'microbiome therapies', 'clinical practice', 'clinical benefit', 'microbiome profiling', 'ICI therapies', 'Several studies', 'standardized, pooled-donor', 'Drug Administration', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'PD1 inhibitors', 'Institut nation', 'high diversity', 'immune system', 'immune functions', 'full diversity', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'primary endpoint', 'secondary endpoint', 'ICI treatment4', 'solid tumors', 'microbial species', 'bacterial species', 'anti-inflammatory metabolites', 'symbiotic relationship', 'US Food', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'acute GvHD', 'powerful discovery', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'Assistance Publique', 'Hôpitaux', 'MaaT Pharma', 'metastatic melanoma', 'positive safety', 'other words', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'melanoma patients', '60 patients', '76 patients', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'development', 'cancer', 'initiation', 'AP-HP', 'combination', 'ipilimumab', 'Yervoy®', 'nivolumab', 'Opdivo', 'MD', 'Gastroenterology', 'Villejuif', 'collaboration', 'INRAE3', 'potential', 'response', 'consequence', 'impact', 'ICIs', 'clinicaltrials', 'gov', 'richness', 'predictors', 'resistance', 'shelf', 'presence', 'ButycoreTM', 'group', 'responsiveness', 'tolerance', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'oncology', 'March', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'ticker', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'limitation', 'believe', 'aim', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'CTLA-4', '3 INRAE']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,pharmiweb.com
2495,EuroNext,Bing API,https://us.acrofan.com/detail.php?number=644115,MaaT Pharma Announces the Initiation of a Phase 2a Investigator-Sponsored Clinical Trial Evaluating MaaT013 in Combination with Immune Checkpoint Inhi,MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer ,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--$MAAT--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today the initiation of a Phase 2a clinical trial1 sponsored by AP-HP2  evaluating MaaT013  MaaT Pharma’s lead Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy candidate  in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI)  ipilimumab (Yervoy®) and nivolumab (Opdivo®)  which are standard first line treatments for patients with metastatic melanoma.The Phase 2a clinical trial is coordinated by Professor Franck Carbonnel  MD  Professor of Gastroenterology at the Kremlin-Bicêtre Hospital in Villejuif  France  and is being carried out in collaboration with INRAE3 and Institut Gustave Roussy. The trial is a randomized  placebo-controlled study and is expected to enroll 60 patients in France. The primary endpoint is safety  while the secondary endpoint will evaluate MaaT013’s potential to improve the response to ICI therapies  as a consequence of MaaT013’s impact on the patient’s gut microbiome. Patients will be randomized to receive either MaaT013 in combination with both ICIs or a placebo with both ICIs. MaaT Pharma will provide MaaT013 drug candidate and the placebo for this study as well as perform the microbiome profiling of patients using its proprietary gutPrint® platform. This clinical trial is registered on clinicaltrials.gov.Several studies have suggested that gut microbiota diversity and richness are predictors of response to ICI treatment4 in patients with solid tumors. Notably  in two recent studies conducted in melanoma patients5  fecal microbiota transfer from ICI therapy responders could overcome resistance to that same therapy in non-responders.About MaaT013MaaT013 is a full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy. It is characterized by a consistently high diversity and richness of microbial species and the presence of ButycoreTM (group of bacterial species known to produce anti-inflammatory metabolites). MaaT013 aims to restore the symbiotic relationship between the patient’s functional gut microbiome and their immune system to correct the responsiveness and tolerance of immune functions and thus reduce steroid-resistant  gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD. MaaT013 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (aGvHD) and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial. MaaT Pharma has obtained positive safety and efficiency clinical data for 76 patients with aGvHD (Phase 2 clinical trial and Early Access Program in France).About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 NCT04988841: Prospective randomIzed clinical trial assessing the tolerance and clinical benefit of feCAl tranSplantation in patientS with melanOma treated with CTLA-4 and PD1 inhibitors.2 AP-HP: Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris3 INRAE: Institut national de recherche pour l’agriculture  l’alimentation et l’environnement4 Routy B. et al  Science 2018  Matson et al  Science 2018  Gopalakrishnan V. et al  Science  20185 Davar D. et al  Science  2021 ; Baruch E.N. et al  Science  2021MaaT Pharma – Investor RelationsHervé AFFAGARDCo-Founder and CEOSiân Crouzet  COO/ CFO+33 4 28 29 14 00invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma – Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 07 55 25 36prichaud@maat-pharma.comTrophic CommunicationsCorporate CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE orGretchen SCHWEITZER+49 89 23 88 77 31maat@trophic.euCopyright © acrofan/Business Wire All Right Reserved,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,negative,0.04,0.29,0.67,True,English,"['Phase 2a Investigator-Sponsored Clinical Trial', 'Immune Checkpoint Inhi', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Initiation', 'MaaT013', 'Combination', 'lead Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy candidate', 'standard first line treatments', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'Phase 2a clinical trial1', 'Prospective randomIzed clinical trial', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'efficiency clinical data', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Kremlin-Bicêtre Hospital', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Early Access Program', 'novel disease targets', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'Institut Gustave Roussy', 'randomized, placebo-controlled study', 'two recent studies', 'fecal microbiota transfer', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'functional gut microbiome', 'acute Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'Professor Franck Carbonnel', 'gut microbiota diversity', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'MaaT013 drug candidate', 'steroid-resistant, gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD', 'quality control process', 'proprietary gutPrint® platform', 'ICI therapy responders', 'Phase 2 trial', 'feCAl tranSplantation', 'same therapy', 'microbiome therapies', 'clinical practice', 'clinical benefit', 'microbiome profiling', 'ICI therapies', 'Several studies', 'standardized, pooled-donor', 'Drug Administration', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'PD1 inhibitors', 'Institut nation', 'high diversity', 'immune system', 'immune functions', 'full diversity', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'primary endpoint', 'secondary endpoint', 'ICI treatment4', 'solid tumors', 'microbial species', 'bacterial species', 'anti-inflammatory metabolites', 'symbiotic relationship', 'US Food', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'acute GvHD', 'powerful discovery', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'Assistance Publique', 'Hôpitaux', 'MaaT Pharma', 'metastatic melanoma', 'positive safety', 'other words', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'melanoma patients', '60 patients', '76 patients', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'development', 'cancer', 'initiation', 'AP-HP', 'combination', 'ipilimumab', 'Yervoy®', 'nivolumab', 'Opdivo', 'MD', 'Gastroenterology', 'Villejuif', 'collaboration', 'INRAE3', 'potential', 'response', 'consequence', 'impact', 'ICIs', 'clinicaltrials', 'gov', 'richness', 'predictors', 'resistance', 'shelf', 'presence', 'ButycoreTM', 'group', 'responsiveness', 'tolerance', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'oncology', 'March', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'ticker', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'limitation', 'believe', 'aim', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'CTLA-4', '3 INRAE']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,us.acrofan.com
2496,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Big news !!! #gaussin #plugpower #amazon #ups #nasdaq #euronext https://t.co/xhkympJOTO,nan,Big news !!! #gaussin #plugpower #amazon #ups #nasdaq #euronext https://t.co/xhkympJOTO,positive,0.96,0.03,0.02,positive,0.96,0.03,0.02,True,English,"['Big news', 'gaussin', 'plugpower', 'amazon', 'ups', 'nasdaq', 'euronext', 'xhkympJOTO', 'Big news', 'gaussin', 'plugpower', 'amazon', 'ups', 'nasdaq', 'euronext', 'xhkympJOTO']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2497,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,UKRAIN COMPANIES TO BUSINESS BOARD CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE IS SAXO ENTERPRICING EURONEXT TO IS PAID SALARY IN SHARES I… https://t.co/8WJM72Nmuj,nan,UKRAIN COMPANIES TO BUSINESS BOARD CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE IS SAXO ENTERPRICING EURONEXT TO IS PAID SALARY IN SHARES I… https://t.co/8WJM72Nmuj,neutral,0.09,0.84,0.06,neutral,0.09,0.84,0.06,True,English,"['BUSINESS BOARD CHAMBERS', 'UKRAIN COMPANIES', 'PAID SALARY', 'COMMERCE', 'SAXO', 'EURONEXT', 'SHARES', '8WJM72Nmuj', 'BUSINESS BOARD CHAMBERS', 'UKRAIN COMPANIES', 'PAID SALARY', 'COMMERCE', 'SAXO', 'EURONEXT', 'SHARES', '8WJM72Nmuj']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2498,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Appleby Jersey recently acted as lead counsel to Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam listed Aedifica NV (Aedif… https://t.co/uS6B9NIaSZ,nan,Appleby Jersey recently acted as lead counsel to Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam listed Aedifica NV (Aedif… https://t.co/uS6B9NIaSZ,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Appleby Jersey', 'lead counsel', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Aedifica NV', 'uS6B9NIaSZ', 'Appleby Jersey', 'lead counsel', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Aedifica NV', 'uS6B9NIaSZ']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2499,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@nhk_news The stock price of $Navya on Euronext is SO UNDERVALUED (they are nr 1 in the world),nan,@nhk_news The stock price of $Navya on Euronext is SO UNDERVALUED (they are nr 1 in the world),negative,0.0,0.0,0.99,negative,0.0,0.0,0.99,True,English,"['stock price', 'nhk', '$Navya', 'Euronext', 'world', 'stock price', 'nhk', '$Navya', 'Euronext', 'world']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2500,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$DEFI $DEFI.N DeFi Technologies Expands Availability of Valour's Polkadot  Solana  and Cardano ETPs to Euronext Exc… https://t.co/mTSMkbwjCG,nan,$DEFI $DEFI.N DeFi Technologies Expands Availability of Valour's Polkadot  Solana  and Cardano ETPs to Euronext Exc… https://t.co/mTSMkbwjCG,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['N DeFi Technologies', 'Cardano ETPs', 'Euronext Exc', 'Availability', 'Valour', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'mTSMkbwjCG', 'N DeFi Technologies', 'Cardano ETPs', 'Euronext Exc', 'Availability', 'Valour', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'mTSMkbwjCG']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
2501,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,The launch marks 21Shares’ 30th cryptocurrency ETP offered and will be cross-listed on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam… https://t.co/jiTeJNl2oX,nan,The launch marks 21Shares’ 30th cryptocurrency ETP offered and will be cross-listed on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam… https://t.co/jiTeJNl2oX,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['21Shares’ 30th cryptocurrency ETP', 'Euronext Paris', 'launch', 'Amsterdam', 'jiTeJNl2oX', '21Shares’ 30th cryptocurrency ETP', 'Euronext Paris', 'launch', 'Amsterdam', 'jiTeJNl2oX']",2022-04-07,2022-04-07,Unknown
