UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
41877,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/598482-estonia-russia-assets-confiscation/,EU state approves confiscation of frozen Russian assets,Estonia has adopted a law that would allow the use of frozen Russian assets as compensation for Ukraine Read Full Article at RT.com,Estonia wants to use the funds as compensation for UkraineEstonian President Alar Karis has signed into law amendments that allow frozen Russian assets to be used as compensation for Ukraine. The measures  which had been approved by the country’s parliament earlier this month  were given presidential approval on Thursday.EU countries have been trying for months to find legal means to seize billions in Russian assets immobilized by the bloc  in order to fund Ukraine’s military effort and reconstruction.The Estonian leadership has adopted a hawkish stance towards Russia ever since the Ukraine conflict began in 2022  regularly referring to the country as “an aggressor” and an “existential threat” to the Baltic states.New amendments to the existing International Sanctions Act allow for the confiscation of the assets of individuals and companies whose active participation in “military aggression” “has been established and sufficiently proven ” Karis said in a statement. The fact that the funds have been frozen due to EU sanctions is not sufficient for the property to be confiscated  the document states.To avoid a potential violation of Estonia’s constitution  any decision to seize the assets can only come following a court order  the statement adds.Estonian officials have said that the funds would be used to compensate Ukraine.Shortly after the outbreak of the conflict  the EU and G7 froze about €300 billion of foreign currency reserves belonging to Russia’s central bank. About €200 billion is held in the EU  mostly with Belgium-based clearing house Euroclear.The European Central Bank has warned that any confiscation could carry reputational risks for the euro in the long term and has urged finding other ways to finance Kiev.The Kremlin has said that any decision to confiscate Russia’s property would violate the rules and norms of international law. The Russian Foreign Ministry has repeatedly called the freezing of Moscow’s assets theft and threatened retaliation.,neutral,0.06,0.67,0.27,negative,0.02,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'EU state', 'confiscation', 'existing International Sanctions Act', 'The Russian Foreign Ministry', 'Estonian President Alar Karis', 'The European Central Bank', 'foreign currency reserves', 'Belgium-based clearing house', 'frozen Russian assets', 'international law', 'The Kremlin', 'Estonian leadership', 'Estonian officials', 'EU sanctions', 'law amendments', 'presidential approval', 'legal means', 'military effort', 'hawkish stance', 'existential threat', 'Baltic states', 'New amendments', 'active participation', 'military aggression', 'potential violation', 'reputational risks', 'long term', 'other ways', 'EU countries', 'court order', 'Ukraine conflict', 'funds', 'compensation', 'measures', 'country', 'parliament', 'Thursday', 'months', 'billions', 'bloc', 'reconstruction', 'aggressor', 'confiscation', 'individuals', 'companies', 'statement', 'fact', 'property', 'document', 'constitution', 'decision', 'outbreak', 'G7', 'Euroclear', 'Kiev', 'rules', 'norms', 'freezing', 'Moscow', 'retaliation']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,rt.com
41878,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/5207d577785ab149,Want to tap a $16tn opportunity? These financial markets firms just paved the way,BlackRock CEO Larry Fink’s end goal of tokenising traditional assets just got a power-boost from three massive firms providing the plumbing of global financial markets. The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation  Euroclear  and Clearstream put out a whitep…,BlackRock CEO Larry Fink’s end goal of tokenising traditional assets just got a power-boost from three massive firms providing the plumbing of global financial markets.The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation  Euroclear  and Clearstream put out a whitepaper this week.It outlines principles for safe and reliable tokenisation of assets like stocks and bonds — paving the…This story appeared on dlnews.com   .,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['financial markets firms', '$16tn opportunity', 'way', 'BlackRock CEO Larry Fink', 'three massive firms', 'global financial markets', 'The Depository Trust', 'end goal', 'Clearing Corporation', 'reliable tokenisation', 'traditional assets', 'power-boost', 'plumbing', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'whitepaper', 'principles', 'safe', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'story', 'dlnews.']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,biztoc.com
41879,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890748/0/en/Decisions-taken-at-Cargotec-s-Annual-General-Meeting-2024.html,Decisions taken at Cargotec's Annual General Meeting 2024,CARGOTEC CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  30 MAY 2024 AT 3:30 PM (EEST)    Decisions taken at Cargotec's Annual General Meeting 2024    Cargotec......,CARGOTEC CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  30 MAY 2024 AT 3:30 PM (EEST)Decisions taken at Cargotec's Annual General Meeting 2024Cargotec Corporation's Annual General Meeting was held today 30 May 2024 in Helsinki  Finland.The Annual General Meeting approved a distribution of a dividend of EUR 2.14 per each class A share and a dividend of EUR 2.15 per each outstanding class B share be paid for the financial period ended 31 December 2023. The dividend shall be paid to a shareholder who on the record date of the dividend payment  3 June 2024  is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The dividend payment day will be 10 June 2024.The meeting adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements and approved the remuneration policy and the remuneration report 2023. The meeting granted discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and to the CEO for the financial year 1 January–31 December 2023.The number of the Board members was confirmed at seven (7). Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom  Ilkka Herlin and Ritva Sotamaa were re-elected as Board members. Eric Alström  Jukka Moisio  Tuija Pohjolainen-Hiltunen and Luca Sra were elected as new Board members.The yearly remuneration of the Board of Directors was confirmed as follows: EUR 160 000 to the Chair of the Board; EUR 95 000 to the Vice Chair of the Board; EUR 80 000 to each member of the Board; EUR 20 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee; EUR 10 000 to each member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee; a maximum of EUR 15 000 to the Chair of any other committee possibly constituted by the Board in accordance with a separate decision by the Board of Directors  and EUR 5 000 to each member of any other committee constituted by the Board. Approximately 50 percent of the yearly remuneration will be paid in Cargotec Corporation's class B shares and the rest in cash. The company will cover the transfer taxes related to board remuneration paid in shares. The members of the Board of Directors will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 3 000 per meeting for meetings held on a different continent than where the Board member is domiciled and a meeting fee of EUR 1 500 per meeting for additional meetings held outside the regular board and committee meeting cadence. Expenses related to travel and accommodation as well as other costs directly related to board and committee work shall be reimbursed in accordance with company policy.The Annual General Meeting re-elected the accounting firm Ernst & Young Oy as the company’s auditor  and the authorised sustainability auditor Ernst & Young Oy as the sustainability reporting assurance provider. The fees to the auditors and to the sustainability auditors were decided to be paid according to their invoices reviewed by the company.As per the Board of Directors’ proposals  the Annual General Meeting authorised the Board to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of Cargotec's shares with unrestricted equity of the company and  to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Both authorisations shall remain in effect for a period of 18 months from the resolution by the general meeting and they will supersede the previous ones.The Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on donations to science  research and/or charity in the maximum amount of EUR 100 000. The authorisation is valid until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting resolved on the partial demerger of Cargotec Corporation in accordance with the demerger plan approved by the Board of Directors and signed on 1 February 2024. As part of the demerger resolution and conditional upon the completion of the demerger  the Annual General Meeting resolved on the incorporation of Kalmar Corporation and approval of its articles of association.Also as part of the demerger resolution and conditional upon the completion of the demerger  the number of the Kalmar Board members was confirmed at seven (7). Jaakko Eskola was elected as the Chair of the Board and Lars Engström  Marcus Hedblom  Teresa Kemppi-Vasama  Vesa Laisi  Sari Pohjonen and Emilia Torttila-Miettinen were elected as Board members of Kalmar Corporation.The yearly remuneration of the Board of Directors of Kalmar Corporation was confirmed as follows: EUR 160 000 to the Chair of the Board  EUR 95 000 to the Vice Chair of the Board  EUR 80 000 to each member of the Board  EUR 20 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  EUR 10 000 to each member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  a maximum of EUR 15 000 to the Chair of any other committee possibly constituted by the Board in accordance with a separate decision by the Board of Directors  and EUR 5 000 to each member of any other committee constituted by the Board. Approximately 50 percent of the yearly remuneration will be paid in Kalmar Corporation's class B shares and the rest in cash. Kalmar Corporation will cover the transfer taxes related to board remuneration paid in shares. In addition  the members of the Board of Directors of Kalmar Corporation are paid a meeting fee of EUR 3 000 per meeting for meetings held on a different continent than where the Board member is domiciled  and a meeting fee of EUR 1 500 per meeting for additional meetings held outside the regular board and committee meeting cadence. The expenses of Kalmar Corporation’s Board members related to travel and accommodation as well as other costs directly related to board and committee work shall be reimbursed in accordance with Kalmar Corporation’s policy.As part of the demerger resolution and conditional upon the completion of the demerger the audit firm Ernst & Young Oy was elected as Kalmar Corporation’s auditor and the authorised sustainability auditor Ernst & Young Oy was elected as Kalmar Corporation’s sustainability reporting assurance provider. The fees of the auditors and the sustainability reporting assurance provider were decided to be paid according to their invoices approved by Kalmar Corporation.Also as part of the demerger resolution and conditional upon the completion of the demerger  the Annual General Meeting resolved on the establishment of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Kalmar Corporation and adopted its’ charter. The meeting also approved the remuneration policy for governing bodies of Kalmar Corporation.As part of the demerger resolution and conditional upon the completion of the demerger  the Annual General Meeting resolved on a decrease of share capital of Cargotec Corporation from EUR 64 304 880.00 to EUR 20 000 000.00  and on the dissolution of share premium reserve of Cargotec Corporation.For further information  please contact:Mikko Puolakka  Executive Vice President and CFO  tel. +358 20 777 4000Outi Aaltonen  Senior Vice President  General Counsel  tel. +358 20 777 4000Cargotec (Nasdaq Helsinki: CGCBV) enables smarter cargo flow for a better everyday with its leading cargo handling solutions and services. Cargotec's business areas Kalmar  Hiab and MacGregor are pioneers in their fields. Through their unique position in ports  at sea and on roads  they optimise global cargo flows and create sustainable customer value. Cargotec has signed the United Nations Global Compact Business Ambition for 1.5°C. The company's sales in 2023 totalled approximately EUR 4.6 billion and it employs around 11 300 people. www.cargotec.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Decisions', 'Cargotec', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'outstanding class B share', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'class A share', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Eric Alström', 'Lars Engström', 'Risk Management Committee', 'class B shares', 'committee meeting cadence', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'authorised sustainability auditor', 'other special rights', 'yearly remuneration wi', 'dividend payment day', 'new Board members', 'Kalmar Board members', 'other committee', 'meeting fee', 'committee work', 'sustainability auditors', 'option rights', 'Kalmar Corporation', 'other costs', 'remuneration policy', 'remuneration report', 'record date', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom', 'Ilkka Herlin', 'Ritva Sotamaa', 'Jukka Moisio', 'Tuija Pohjolainen-Hiltunen', 'Luca Sra', 'separate decision', 'transfer taxes', 'different continent', 'accounting firm', 'Young Oy', 'unrestricted equity', 'Jaakko Eskola', 'Marcus Hedblom', 'Teresa Kemppi-Vasama', 'Vesa Laisi', 'Sari Pohjonen', 'Emilia Torttila-Miettinen', 'CARGOTEC CORPORATION', 'partial demerger', 'demerger plan', 'financial period', 'shareholder register', 'additional meetings', 'board remuneration', 'demerger resolution', 'regular board', 'maximum amount', 'Vice Chair', 'company policy', 'Directors’ proposals', '30 MAY', 'EEST', 'Decisions', 'Helsinki', 'distribution', '10 June', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'December', 'number', 'accordance', '50 percent', 'cash', 'Expenses', 'travel', 'accommodation', 'Ernst', 'fees', 'invoices', 'repurchase', 'acceptance', 'pledge', 'issuance', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'authorisations', 'effect', '18 months', 'previous', 'donations', 'science', 'research', 'charity', '1 February', 'completion', 'incorporation', 'approval', 'articles', 'association', '3:30']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41880,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANA-AB-55820157/news/SANA-Minutes-from-the-AGM-2024-unofficial-translation-46861500/,SANA : Minutes from the AGM 2024 (unofficial translation),(marketscreener.com)    The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.   MINUTES FROM THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD IN SANIONA AB …,"The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail. MINUTES FROM THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD IN SANIONA AB  REG. NO. 556962- 5345  ON 29 MAY 2024 AT 16.30 P.M. IN MALMÖ. OPENING OF THE MEETINGLawyer Ola Grahn opened the meeting on behalf of the board. ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETINGIt was resolved to elect lawyer Ola Grahn as chairman of the meeting. The chairman of the meeting should keep the minutes. PREPARATION AND APPROVAL OF THE VOTING LISTA list of present shareholders  proxies  advisors and other present persons in accordance with Schedule 1 was prepared.The above mentioned list in accordance with Schedule 1 of present shareholders  proxies  advisors and other present persons was approved as the voting list at the meeting. APPROVAL OF THE AGENDAIt was resolved to approve the agenda in accordance with the proposal from the board of directors as set out in the notice to attend the annual general meeting  Schedule 2 . ELECTION OF ONE OR TWO PERSONS TO VERIFY THE MINUTESIt was resolved that one person should verify the minutes. Annika Boström was elected as such person to verify the minutes. CONSIDERATION AS TO WHETHER THE MEETING HAS BEEN DULY CONVENEDIt was noted that the notice to attend the annual shareholders' meeting  in accordance with the articles of association and the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act ( Sw . aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  had been inserted in the Swedish Official Gazette ( Sw . Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) on 30 April 2024  that the notice to attend the annual shareholders' meeting has been available at the company's website since 26 April 2024  and that the advert regarding the notice to attend the annual shareholders' meeting had been inserted in Svenska Dagbladet on 30 April 2024.The meeting was declared to be duly convened. PRESENTATION OF THE ANNUAL REPORT AND THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT AND CONSOLIDATED AUDIT REPORT AS WELL AS THE STATEMENT BY THE AUDITOR ON THE COMPLIANCE OF THE APPLICABLE GUIDELINES FOR REMUNERATION TO SENIOR EXECUTIVESThe managing director Thomas Feldthus reported on the company's operations. The shareholders were given the opportunity to ask questions to the managing director regarding his report.The annual report and the auditor's report  the group annual report and the group auditor's report for the financial year 2023 as well as the auditor's report in accordance with Chapter 8  1SW43557258/4 Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act on whether the guidelines adopted by the annual shareholders' meeting regarding remuneration to the senior executives have been complied with  were presented. In connection with the presentation of the accounting documents  Cecilia Andrén Dorselius from Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB reported on the work of the auditors. 7. RESOLUTION ON ADOPTION OF THE PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENT AND BALANCE SHEET AND THE GROUP PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENT AND THE GROUP BALANCE SHEET It was resolved to adopt the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet  as well as the group profit and loss statement and the group balance sheet  as stated in the above presented annual report and group annual report. ALLOCATION OF THE COMPANY'S LOSS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ADOPTED BALANCE SHEET It was resolved  in accordance with the proposal from the board of directors in the annual report  that no dividends are to be paid for the financial year 2023 and that available funds shall be carried forward to a new account. (C) DISCHARGE OF LIABILITY OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE BOARD AND THE CEO It was resolved that the directors of the board and the managing director should be discharged from liability for the financial year 2023. It was noted that the directors of the board and the managing director did not participate in the resolution regarding discharge from liability. DETERMINATION OF THE NUMBER OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD AS WELL AS THE NUMBER OF AUDITORS AND DEPUTY AUDITORSThe chairman of the Nomination Committee  Søren Skjærbæk  presented the work of the Nomination Committee and the Nomination Committee's proposals for the meeting.It was resolved in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee that the board of directors shall be composed of five ordinary board members until the end of the next annual shareholders' meeting.It was furthermore resolved in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee that one registered public accounting firm shall be appointed as accounting firm until the end of the next shareholders' meeting. DETERMINATION OF REMUNERATION FOR THE BOARD MEMBERS AND THE AUDITORSIt was resolved in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee that board remuneration shall be paid with SEK 350 000 to the chairman of the board and with SEK 200 000 to each of the members of the board who are not employed by Saniona or any of its subsidiaries. Furthermore  it was resolved that remuneration for committee work shall be paid with SEK 100 000 to the chairman of the Audit Committee  with SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and with SEK 30 000 to each member of the Remuneration Committee  2SW43557258/4 provided that no remuneration for committee work shall be paid to members of the board  who are employed by Saniona or any of its subsidiaries. It was finally resolved in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with customary charging standards and approved invoice. ELECTION OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD  THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND ACCOUNTING FIRM OR AUDITORSThe chairman of the meeting noted that information on the proposed members of the board and their assignments can be found in the annual report and on the company's website  and regarding information about John Haurum in the Nomination Committee's complete proposal.It was resolved in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee to re-elect Jørgen Drejer  Anna Ljung  Carl Johan Sundberg and Pierandrea Muglia as ordinary board members and to elect John Haurum as new ordinary board member. Furthermore  it was resolved to re-elect Jørgen Drejer as chairman of the board.It was finally resolved in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee to re- elect Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as auditor. It was noted that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB had informed that Cecilia Andrén Dorselius will continue to be the auditor in charge. RESOLUTION ON INSTRUCTION AND CHARTER FOR THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe chairman of the meeting presented the proposal from the Nomination Committee regarding an instruction and charter for the Nomination Committee in accordance with Schedule 3 .It was thereafter resolved in accordance with the proposal in Schedule 3. RESOLUTION ON REMUNERATION OF THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE FOR WORK AHEAD OF THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING IN 2025It was resolved in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee that remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee for the work up and until the annual shareholders' meeting to be held in 2025 with SEK 30 000 to each member  who is not also a board member. RESOLUTION ON APPROVAL OF REMUNERATION REPORTThe remuneration report for the financial year 2023 was presented in accordance with Schedule 4 .It was thereafter resolved to approve the remuneration report for the financial year 2023 in accordance with the proposal in Schedule 4. RESOLUTION ON GUIDELINES FOR REMUNERATION TO SENIOR EXECUTIVESThe chairman of the meeting presented the proposal from the board of directors on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with Schedule 5 .It was thereafter resolved in accordance with the proposal in Schedule 5. 3RESOLUTION ON AUTHORIZATION FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS REGARDING ISSUESThe chairman of the meeting presented the proposal from the board of directors on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues in accordance with Schedule 6 .It was thereafter resolved to authorize the board of directors to resolve on new issues in accordance with the proposal in Schedule 6. It was noted that the resolution was unanimous. RESOLUTION ON (A) EMPLOYEE OPTION PROGRAM; AND (B) DIRECTED ISSUE OF WARRANTS AND APPROVAL OF TRANSFER OF WARRANTSThe chairman of the meeting presented the proposal from the board of directors on (A) employee option program; and (B) directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants in accordance with Schedule 7 .It was thereafter resolved on (A) employee option program; and (B) directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants in accordance with the proposal in Schedule 7. It was noted that the resolution was supported by shareholders representing more than nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting. CLOSING OF THE MEETING The chairman of the meeting declared the meeting closed. ____________________ In fidem: Confirmed by: Ola Grahn Annika Boström (Chairman of the meeting) SW43557258/4 4Schedule 2 SW43557258/4PRESS RELEASE 26 April 2024 10:00:00 CEST Notice of Saniona AB annual shareholders' meeting The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail. The shareholders in Saniona AB  Reg. No. 556962-5345  are hereby invited to the annual shareholders' meeting (Sw. årsstämma) to be held on Wednesday 29 May 2024 at 16.30 (CEST) at the premises of Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB at Stortorget 23 in Malmö  Sweden. Right to participate and notice of participation Shareholders wishing to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting must: be registered in the company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Securities Register Center) as of Tuesday 21 May 2024; andno later than on Thursday 23 May 2024 notify the company in writing of their intention to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting to Saniona AB  Smedeland 26B  DK-2600 Glostrup  Denmark. Such notice can also be given by email to clo@saniona.com . The notice shall specify the shareholder's complete name  personal or company registration number  registered shareholding  address  telephone number during work hours and  when applicable  information on the number of advisors (two at the most). Trustee-registered shares Shareholders whose shares are trustee-registered in the name of a bank or other trustee must request the trustee to register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so called ""voting rights registration"")  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the annual shareholders' meeting. Such voting rights registration must be implemented by the trustee no later than Thursday 23 May 2024. In advance of this date  shareholders must notify their trustee of their request of such voting rights registration. Proxies etc. In case the shareholder should be represented by a proxy  the proxy must bring a written power of attorney  which is dated and duly signed by the shareholder  to the annual shareholders' meeting. The validity term of the power of attorney may not be more than one year  unless a longer validity term is specifically stated in the power of attorney (however at the longest five years). If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  the representing proxy must also present an up-to-date registration certificate or equivalent document for the legal entity. In order to facilitate the entrance at the annual shareholders' meeting  a copy of the power of attorney and other authorization documents should preferably be attached to the shareholder's notification to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting. A template power of attorney can be found at the company's website (www.saniona.com) and will be sent to the shareholders who request it and state their addres. Saniona AB (publ) Email: saniona@saniona.com Smedeland 26B Web: saniona.com DK-2600 Glostrup DenmarkProposed agenda Opening of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Consideration as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated annual report and consolidated audit report as well as the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the applicable guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. Resolution on adoption of the profit and loss statement and balance sheet and the group profit and loss statement and the group balance sheet  allocation of the company's loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  and discharge of liability of the directors of the board and the CEO. Determination of the number of members of the board as well as the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of remuneration for the board members and the auditors. Election of members of the board  the chairman of the board and accounting firm or auditors. Resolution on instruction and charter for the Nomination Committee. Resolution on remuneration of the Nomination Committee for work ahead of the annual shareholders' meeting in 2025. Resolution on approval of remuneration report. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding issues. Resolution on (A) employee option program; and (B) directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants. Closing of the meeting. Resolution proposals Item 1: Election of chairman of the meeting The Nomination Committee  consisting of John Haurum  representing Jørgen Drejer  Søren Skjærbæk  representing Dan Peters  and the chairman of the board  Jørgen Drejer  proposes that attorney Ola Grahn is elected as chairman of the annual shareholders' meeting. Saniona AB (publ) Email: saniona@saniona.com Smedeland 26B Web: saniona.com DK-2600 Glostrup DenmarkItem 7 (b): Resolution on allocation of the company's loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet The board of directors proposes that no dividends are paid and that available funds are carried forward to a new account. Item 8: Determination of the number of members of the board as well as the number of auditors and deputy auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that the board of directors shall be composed of five ordinary board members until the end of the next annual shareholders' meeting. The Nomination Committee further proposes that one registered accounting firm is appointed as auditor. Item 9: Determination of remuneration for the board members and the auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that board remuneration shall be paid with SEK 350 000 to the chairman of the board (unchanged compared to previous year) and with SEK 200 000 to each of the members of the board  who are not employed by Saniona or any of its subsidiaries (unchanged compared to previous year). In addition  remuneration is proposed to be paid for committee work with SEK 100 000 to the chairman of the Audit Committee (unchanged compared to previous year)  with SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee (unchanged compared to previous year) and with SEK 30 000 to each member of the Remuneration Committee (unchanged compared to previous year)  provided that no remuneration for committee work shall be paid to members of the board  who are employed by Saniona or any of its subsidiaries. The Nomination Committee further proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with customary charging standards and approved invoice. Item 10: Election of members of the board  the chairman of the board and accounting firm or auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that Jørgen Drejer  Anna Ljung  Carl Johan Sundberg and Pierandrea Muglia are re-elected as ordinary board members  that John Haurum is elected as new ordinary board member  and that Jørgen Drejer is re-elected as chairman of the board. John Haurum (born 1963)  M.D.  D.Phil.  has an extensive operational  commercial and financial experience from the biotech industry  both in terms of managing early to mid-stage R&D  corporate development  business development and investor relationships. He was the CEO of F-star in Cambridge  UK (2012-2018)  where he built a successful biotech company  that progressed several products into clinical development  and completed four high value BD transactions with partners such as BMS  AbbVie  Merck and Denali. Previously he was VP Research at ImClone Systems  New York (2010- 2012) and cofounder and Chief Scientific Officer of Symphogen A/S  Denmark (2000-2009). After graduating in Medicine in Aarhus Denmark 1992  John Haurum received a D.Phil. in Immunology from the Institute of Molecular Medicine  John Radcliffe Hospital  University of Oxford  England. Currently  John Haurum is chairman of the board of five European biotech companies: ADCendo ApS (DK)  Agomab Therapeutics N.V. (BE)  CatalYm GmbH (DE)  Solid Therapeutics ApS (DK) and Synklino A/S (DK). Other current positions: Board member of MC2 Therapeutics A/S (DK) and Neophore Ltd. (UK). CEO of ARK Invest ApS (DK). Member of the management team (Dk. Direktion) in JSH Biotech ApS (DK). John Haurum (partially through John Haurum controlled companies) and his wife hold a total of 1 045 151 shares and 82 300 warrants series TO 4 in Saniona. He is considered independent in relation to Saniona  its management and major shareholders. Saniona AB (publ) Email: saniona@saniona.com Smedeland 26B Web: saniona.com DK-2600 Glostrup DenmarkInformation on the board members proposed for re-election can be found at the company's website and in the Annual Report (see www.saniona.com). The Nomination Committee further proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as accounting firm. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that the authorized public accountant Cecilia Andrén Dorselius will continue be the auditor in charge. Item 11: Resolution on instruction and charter for the Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee proposes that a Nomination Committee shall be appointed before coming elections and remuneration  and that an instruction and charter for the Nomination Committee shall be adopted in accordance with the following substantial terms. The Nomination Committee shall be comprised of three members which shall be the chairman of the board of directors and two members appointed by the two largest shareholders as of last September. The ""two largest shareholders"" refer to the ownership grouped registered or in any other way known shareholders as per the end of September. If any of these two largest shareholders refrain from appointing an owner representative  or if an owner representative resigns or relinquishes the position before the assignment is completed and the entitled shareholder does not appoint another representative  the chairman of the board of directors shall invite the next shareholder (i.e. first the third largest owner) to within a week of the request appoint an owner representative. The procedure shall continue until the Nomination Committee is composed of three members. If a substantial change of ownership occurs no later than seven weeks before the annual shareholders' meeting  a new shareholder representative shall be appointed. The chairman of the board of directors shall then contact the one of the two largest shareholders without an owner representative and request such shareholder to appoint a representative. When such a representative has been appointed  such representative shall be a member of the Nomination Committee and replace the former member of the Nomination Committee who no longer represents one of the two largest shareholders. The Nomination Committee's term shall run until such time as a new Nomination Committee has been elected. Item 12: Resolution on remuneration of the Nomination Committee for work ahead of the annual shareholders' meeting in 2025 The Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration should be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee for the work up and until the annual shareholders' meeting to be held in 2025 with SEK 30 000 to each member  who is not also a board member. Item 13: Resolution on approval of remuneration report The board of directors proposes that the annual shareholders' meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' remuneration report for the financial year 2023. Item 14: Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives The board of directors proposes  with amendments to the guidelines adopted by the annual shareholders' meeting 2023  that the annual shareholders' meeting resolves to adopt the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. Scope and applicability of the guidelines Saniona AB (publ) Email: saniona@saniona.com Smedeland 26B Web: saniona.com DK-2600 Glostrup Denmark",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['unofficial translation', 'SANA', 'Minutes', 'AGM', 'Søren Skjærbæk', 'one registered public accounting firm', 'Post- och Inrikes Tidningar', 'Cecilia Andrén Dorselius', 'MEETING Lawyer Ola Grahn', ""ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD"", ""next annual shareholders' meeting"", 'five ordinary board members', 'Annika Boström', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Swedish Official Gazette', ""next shareholders' meeting"", 'Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB', 'ADOPTED BALANCE SHEET', 'other present persons', 'annual general meeting', 'CONSOLIDATED AUDIT REPORT', 'CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT', 'GROUP BALANCE SHEET', 'group annual report', 'present shareholders', 'accounting documents', 'TWO PERSONS', 'Swedish text', 'one person', 'GROUP PROFIT', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'SANIONA AB', 'Svenska Dagbladet', 'SENIOR EXECUTIVES', 'managing director', 'Thomas Feldthus', 'financial year', 'available funds', 'new account', 'Nomination Committee', 'group auditor', 'LOSS STATEMENT', 'VOTING LIST', 'APPLICABLE GUIDELINES', 'committee work', 'SEK 100,000 t', 'DEPUTY AUDITORS', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'MINUTES', 'REG.', '29 MAY', 'MALMÖ.', 'OPENING', 'behalf', 'ELECTION', 'CHAIRMAN', 'PREPARATION', 'APPROVAL', 'proxies', 'advisors', 'accordance', 'Schedule 1', 'AGENDA', 'proposal', 'directors', 'notice', 'CONSIDERATION', 'articles', 'association', 'provisions', 'aktiebolagslagen', '30 April', 'company', 'website', '26 April', 'advert', 'PRESENTATION', 'COMPLIANCE', 'REMUNERATION', 'operations', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'connection', 'RESOLUTION', 'ADOPTION', 'ALLOCATION', 'dividends', 'DISCHARGE', 'LIABILITY', 'CEO', 'DETERMINATION', 'NUMBER', 'subsidiaries', '16.30']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41881,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NAHL-GROUP-PLC-16579004/news/NAHL-Notice-of-2024-Annual-General-Meeting-46866764/,NAHL : Notice of 2024 Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)   NAHL Group plc   Notice of Annual General Meeting   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or as to the action you should take  you should se…,"NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or as to the action you should take  you should seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant  fund manager or other independent financial adviser who  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or an appropriately authorised independent professional adviser if you are in a territory outside of the United Kingdom. If you no longer hold shares in NAHL Group plc  please immediately forward this document to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or transferred only part of your holding  you should retain this document and its enclosures. Notice of Annual General Meeting NAHL Group plc to be held on Thursday 27 June 2024 at 10:00 am at FTI Consulting  200 Aldersgate  Aldersgate Street  London EC1A 4HD 1NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting Letter from the Chair of the Company - NAHL Group plc (Incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 and registered in England and Wales with registered number 8996352) Directors Registered Office Timothy John Mellor Aspinall (Non-Executive Chair) Bevan House James David Saralis (Chief Executive Officer) Kettering Parkway Christopher Mark Higham (Chief Financial Officer) Kettering Sally-Ann Patricia Tilleray (Non-Executive Director) Northamptonshire George Brian Phillips (Non-Executive Director) NN15 6XR To the holders of ordinary shares in NAHL Group plc (the ""Company"") 30 May 2024 Dear Shareholder  Notice of Annual General Meeting I am pleased to be writing to you with details of our Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") which we are holding on Thursday 27 June 2024 at 10:00 am. The formal Notice of the AGM is set out on pages 4 to 8 of this document. This year's meeting will take place at the offices of FTI Consulting  200 Aldersgate  Aldersgate Street  London EC1A 4HD at which the resolutions set out in the Notice will be proposed. Explanatory notes to the business to be considered at the AGM are set out in the Appendix to this document on pages 9 to 11. Appointing a proxy If you are unable to attend the AGM  you can still be represented at the meeting by appointing a proxy to act on your behalf and by giving instructions on how you wish your proxy to vote on the proposed resolutions. Irrespective of whether or not you propose to attend the meeting  the Board strongly encourages you to appoint the chair of the meeting as your proxy. This will ensure that your votes will be counted if ultimately you (or any other proxy who you might otherwise appoint) are not able  or do not wish  to attend the AGM in person. If you appoint the chair of the meeting as your proxy  the chair will vote in accordance with your instructions. If the chair is given discretion as to how to vote  he or she will vote in favour of each of the resolutions set out in the Notice of the AGM. Appointing the chair of the meeting as your proxy will not prevent you from attending the meeting and voting in person if you wish to do so. Information on how to appoint a proxy can be found in the Notes to the Notice of the AGM set out on pages 7 and 8. To be valid  your proxy appointment must be received at the address for delivery specified in the Notes by 10:00 am on Tuesday 25 June 2024. Engagement The Board recognises that the AGM provides an important opportunity to engage with shareholders directly. We will therefore  once again  be implementing measures to enable those shareholders not attending the meeting in person to follow its progress online using the Investor Meet Company platform. Shareholders who wish to follow the AGM online should register for the event in advance via the following Investor Meet Company link: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/nahl-group-plc/register-investor.Investors who already follow NAHL GROUP PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. While shareholders using this service will be able to follow the meeting  they will not be able to vote  ask questions or otherwise participate in the meeting via this facility  and the use of this facility will not constitute formal attendance at the AGM. Shareholders who wish to attend the AGM formally  but are unable to do so  should appoint a proxy to exercise their rights at the meeting. In the event that any shareholder who is not able to attend in person wishes to submit a question to be answered by the directors at the meeting  the Company encourages such shareholder to submit their question 2NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting by sending it to investors@nahl.co.uk. Please entitle your email ""NAHL AGM Shareholder Questions"" and include your full name. The Company reserves the right to respond only to questions put by shareholders whose names are on the register at 10:00 am on Tuesday 25 June 2024. The directors present at the meeting will endeavour to answer questions at the meeting  and if there is insufficient time in the meeting  the Company will respond to these promptly after the meeting. If multiple questions on the same topic are received in advance of the AGM  the directors may choose to provide a single answer to address queries on the same topic. The Board considers each of the proposed resolutions set out in the Notice of the AGM to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and accordingly unanimously recommend that shareholders vote in favour of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM as the directors intend to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings. Yours faithfully  Tim Aspinall Chair NAHL Group plc 3NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting Notice of Annual General Meeting - NAHL Group plc (Incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 and registered in England and Wales with registered number 8996352) NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Annual General Meeting of NAHL Group plc (the ""Company"") will be held at the offices of FTI Consulting  200 Aldersgate  Aldersgate Street  London EC1A 4HD at 10:00 am on Thursday 27 June 2024 to consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions  of which resolutions 1 to 8 (inclusive) will be proposed as ordinary resolutions and resolutions 9 to 11 (inclusive) will be proposed as special resolutions. ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS To receive the audited accounts of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 together with the directors' and auditors' reports for the financial year. To approve the directors' remuneration report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. To re-appoint Mazars LLP as auditors of the Company  to hold office from the conclusion of this AGM to the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company. To authorise the directors of the Company to determine the remuneration of the auditors of the Company. To re-appoint Tim Aspinall as a director of the Company. To re-appoint James Saralis as a director of the Company. To re-appoint Brian Phillips as a director of the Company. That the directors of the Company are generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "" Act "") to exercise all of the powers of the Company to allot shares and to grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  shares in the Company: up to an aggregate nominal amount of £39 598.42 (such amount to be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of any allotments or grants under paragraph (b) below in excess of such sum); and comprising equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £79 196.84 (such amount to be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of any allotments or grants made under paragraph (a) above) in connection with or pursuant to a rights issue  open offer or other pre-emptive offer to: holders of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the respective number of ordinary shares held by them on the record date of such allotment; and holders of any other class of equity securities in the capital of the Company as required by the rights of those securities or  subject to such rights  as the directors otherwise consider necessary  but subject to such limits or restrictions or other arrangements as the directors may consider necessary or appropriate to deal with fractional entitlements  treasury shares  record dates or 4NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting legal  regulatory or practical difficulties which may arise under the laws of  or the requirements of any regulatory or stock exchange in  any territory or any other matter whatsoever. The authority referred to in this resolution 8 shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2025 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2025 (unless previously renewed  varied or revoked)  save that the Company may before such expiry make any offer or agreement which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted after such expiry and the directors may allot shares  or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares  in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority conferred by this resolution had not expired. This resolution revokes and replaces all unexercised authorities previously granted to the directors to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company that are in place at the date of the notice of this meeting but is without prejudice to any allotment of shares or grant of rights already made  offered or agreed to be made pursuant to such authorities. SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS 9. That  subject to the passing of resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the directors of the Company are empowered pursuant to sections 570 and 573 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"") to allot equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) for cash under the authority given by resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash  in each case as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to any such allotment and/or sale  provided that this power shall be limited to: any such allotment of equity securities and/or sale of treasury shares in connection with an offer of  or invitation to apply for  equity securities (but  in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (b) of resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  by way of a rights issue  open offer or other pre-emptive offer only)  to holders of ordinary shares (other than the Company) in the capital of the Company on the register on any record date fixed by the directors in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to the respective number of ordinary shares held by them on the record date of such allotment (and to holders of any other class of equity securities in the capital of the Company as required by the rights of those securities or  subject to such rights  as the directors otherwise consider necessary)  but subject to such limits or restrictions or arrangements as the directors may consider necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements  treasury shares  record dates or legal or practical difficulties that may arise under the laws of  or the regulations or requirements of any regulatory authority or any stock exchange in  any territory or any other matter whatsoever; and the allotment of equity securities and/or sale of treasury shares  otherwise than pursuant to paragraph (a) of this resolution  up to an aggregate nominal amount of £5 939.76. The power conferred by this resolution (unless previously revoked  varied or renewed) shall expire on the revocation or expiry (unless renewed) of the authority granted to the directors by resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  save that the Company may before such expiry make any offer or agreement that would or might require equity securities to be allotted  and/or treasury shares to be sold  after such expiry  and the directors may allot equity securities and/or sell treasury shares in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the power conferred by this resolution had not expired. 10. That  subject to the passing of resolution 8 set out in the notice of this meeting and in addition to any power conferred under resolution 9 set out in the notice of this meeting  the directors of the Company are empowered pursuant to sections 570 and 573 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"") to allot equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the authority given by 5NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting resolution 8 and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash  in each case as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to any such allotment and/or sale  provided by such power is: limited to the allotment of equity securities and/or sale of treasury shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £5 939.76  and used only for the purposes of financing (or refinancing  if the power is to be exercised within twelve months after the date of the original transaction) a transaction which the directors of the Company determine to be either an acquisition or a specified capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice. The power conferred by this resolution (unless previously revoked  varied or renewed) shall expire on the revocation or expiry (unless renewed) of the authority granted to the directors by resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  save that the Company may before such expiry make any offer or agreement that would or might require equity securities to be allotted  and/or treasury shares to be sold  after such expiry  and the directors may allot equity securities and/or sell treasury shares in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the power conferred by this resolution had not expired. 11. That the Company is hereby unconditionally and generally authorised for the purposes of section 701 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"") to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693(4) of the Act) of its ordinary shares on such terms and in such manner as the directors may from time-to-time determine  provided that: the maximum number of such ordinary shares authorised to be purchased is 4 751 810 in aggregate; the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for any such ordinary share is its nominal value; the maximum price (exclusive of any expenses) which may be paid for any such ordinary share shall be an amount equal to the higher of: 105 per cent of the average middle market quotations for an ordinary share  as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List  for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which the ordinary share is purchased; and the higher of the price of the last independent trade of an ordinary share and the highest current independent bid for an ordinary share on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out; and this authority shall  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied  expire at the close of business on 30 June 2025 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2025  but the Company may enter into a contract for the purchase of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company before the expiry of this authority which would or might be completed or executed (wholly or partly) after its expiry and a purchase of ordinary shares pursuant to any such contract may be made as if the authority had not expired. 6NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting Registered Office: By order of the Board Bevan House Kirstie Cove Kettering Parkway Kettering Company secretary Northamptonshire Dated: 30 May 2024 NN15 6XR Notes: Eligibility to attend and vote Only holders of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company are entitled to attend and vote at this meeting. Pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001  the Company specifies that only those members entered on the register of members of the Company at 10:00 am on Tuesday 25 June 2024 (being a time not more than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting) or  in the event that this meeting is adjourned  on the register of members as at close of business on the day which is two working days before the date of any adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to attend and vote at the meeting in respect of the number of ordinary shares registered in their names at that time. Changes to the entries on the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the meeting. Appointment of proxy A member is entitled to appoint another person as his proxy to exercise all or any of his rights to attend  speak and vote at the meeting. A proxy does not need to be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting to represent you. All shareholders are encouraged to nominate the chair of the meeting as their proxy. This will ensure that your votes will be counted if ultimately you (or any other proxy who you might otherwise appoint) are not able  or do not wish  to attend the AGM. Appointing a proxy in advance does not legally prevent a shareholder from attending  voting and speaking at the meeting in person. You can appoint a proxy and give your voting instructions: by logging on to www.signalshares.com and following the online instructions. Unless you have previously done so  you will first need to register to use this facility (using the Investor Code detailed on your share certificate or otherwise available from the Company's registrar  Link Group). To be a valid proxy appointment  your electronic message confirming the details of the appointment completed in accordance with the relevant instructions must be transmitted so as to be received by no later than 10:00 am on Tuesday 25 June 2024; orin the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out in notes 11 and 12 below. The message constituting the proxy appointment or proxy instruction must be transmitted so as to be received by no later than 10:00 am on Tuesday 25 June 2024. A member who would prefer a hard copy form of proxy may request one directly from the Company's Registrars  Link Group  by email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or on Tel: 0371 664 0300 (or +44 371 664 0300 if calling from outside the United Kingdom). A hard copy form of proxy must be completed in accordance with the instructions printed on it and must be delivered to Link Group  PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL so as to be received by no later than 10:00 am on Tuesday 25 June 2024. Calls to Link Group from within the United Kingdom are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 9:00 am and 5:30 pm (UK time)  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. You may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. In the event of a conflict between a blank proxy form and a proxy form which states the number of shares to which it applies  the specific proxy form shall be counted first regardless of whether it was sent or received before or after the blank proxy form  and any remaining shares in respect of which you are the registered holder will be apportioned to the blank proxy form. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. To appoint more than one proxy  you should contact Link Group  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL. To direct your proxy how to vote on the resolutions mark the appropriate box on your proxy form with a 'X'. To withhold your vote on a resolution  select the relevant ""Vote withheld"" box. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If no voting indication is given  your proxy will vote or withhold the vote at his or her discretion. Your proxy will vote (or withhold the vote) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any 7NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting other matter which is put before the meeting. In the case of a member which is a company  the proxy form must be executed on the company's behalf by a duly authorised officer of the company or an attorney for the company. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which your proxy form is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be delivered with your proxy form to the relevant address for receipt of proxy appointments. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment in respect of the same share or shares  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence. CREST - appointment of proxy 11. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider  should refer to their CREST sponsor(s) or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. Authentication of CREST Proxy Instruction and CREST system timings 12. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (the ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's ""issuer agent""  Link Group (CREST participant ID: RA10)  no later than 10:00 am on Tuesday 25 June 2024. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Application Host) from which the Company's issuer agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. CREST members  and where applicable  their CREST sponsor or voting service provider  should note that Euroclear UK & International Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider takes) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers  are referred in particular to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. Corporate representatives 13. Any corporation which is a member may authorise one or more persons to act as its representative(s) at the AGM. A representative may exercise (on behalf of the corporation) the same powers as the corporation could exercise if the representative were an individual member  provided that  where there is more than one representative and the vote is otherwise than on a show of hands  the representatives do not do so in relation to the same shares. Appointment of proxy by joint holders 14. In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first named being the most senior). Share capital and voting rights 15. As at 22 May 2024 (being the last practicable date prior to the publication of this notice) the Company's issued share capital consisted of 47 518 103 ordinary shares of £0.0025 each  carrying one vote each. Therefore the total voting rights in the Company as at that date were 47 518 103. Electronic address 16. You may not use any electronic address provided in this notice (or any related documents) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. 8NAHL Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting APPENDIX Explanatory notes to the business of the AGM Resolution 1 - Receipt of the audited accounts and reports The Companies Act 2006 requires the directors of a public company to lay before the company in a general meeting copies of the directors' reports  the independent auditor's report and the audited financial statements of the company in respect of each financial year. In accordance with best practice  the Company proposes an ordinary resolution to receive its audited accounts and reports for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report). Resolution 2 - Approval of directors' remuneration report Although this is not a statutory requirement applicable to the Company  the board has decided  as a matter of good governance  to put the directors' remuneration report for the year ended 31 December 2023 to an advisory shareholder vote. The directors' entitlement to receive remuneration is not conditional on it being passed. The report is set out in full on pages 65 to 77 of the 2023 Annual Report. Resolutions 3 and 4 - Re-appointment and remuneration of the auditors The Company is required to appoint or re-appoint auditors at each annual general meeting at which its audited accounts and reports are presented to shareholders. On the recommendation of the audit and risk committee  the board is proposing to shareholders the re-appointment of Mazars LLP as the Company's auditors for the financial year which commenced on 1 January 2024. Resolution 3  therefore  proposes the re-appointment of Mazars LLP as auditors to hold office until the Company's next annual general meeting at which accounts are laid before shareholders. Resolution 4 authorises the board of directors to agree the auditors' remuneration. Resolutions 5 to 7 - Re-appointment of directors Resolutions 5 to 7 relate to the retirement and re-appointment of three of the Company's directors. The Company's articles of association require each director to retire at the third annual general meeting after the general meeting at which he or she was last appointed or re-appointed. Tim Aspinall  James Saralis and Brian Phillips were each last re-appointed as directors by the shareholders at the annual general meeting held in 2021. Accordingly  each shall retire at the AGM and  having confirmed to the board their willingness to continue to act as directors  intend to stand for re-appointment. The board believes that each of directors standing for re-appointment this year continues to be an effective member of the board  to make a positive contribution and to demonstrate commitment to their respective roles. Further information relating to the experience  skills and background of each of the directors standing for re-appointment can be found on page 52 - 53 of the 2023 Annual Report. Resolution 8 - Authority to allot shares The directors currently have a general authority to allot new shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any securities into  shares. This authority is  however  due to expire at the AGM and the board would like to seek a new authority to provide the directors with flexibility to allot new shares and grant rights up until the Company's next annual general meeting  within the limits prescribed by The Investment Association. The Investment Association's Share Capital Management Guidelines (February 2023) state that the Investment Association's members will regard as routine any proposal at a general meeting to seek a general authority to allot an amount up to two-thirds of the existing share capital  provided that any amount in excess of one-third 9",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['2024 Annual General Meeting', 'NAHL', 'Notice', 'Office Timothy John Mellor Aspinall', 'Bevan House James David Saralis', 'Kettering Parkway Christopher Mark Higham', 'following Investor Meet Company link', 'Annual General Meeting NAHL Group plc', 'Kettering Sally-Ann Patricia Tilleray', 'Northamptonshire George Brian Phillips', 'Investor Meet Company platform', 'Annual General Meeting Letter', 'other independent financial adviser', 'independent professional adviser', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'NAHL AGM Shareholder Questions', 'personal financial advice', 'London EC1A 4HD', 'Financial Services', 'other agent', 'The Company', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'fund manager', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'FTI Consulting', 'Companies Act', 'registered number', 'Non-Executive Director', 'Dear Shareholder', 'important opportunity', 'formal attendance', 'full name', 'other proxy', 'Thursday 27 June', 'bank manager', 'Aldersgate Street', 'Directors Registered', 'ordinary shares', 'Explanatory notes', 'proxy appointment', 'Non-Executive Chair', 'formal Notice', '25 June', '200 Aldersgate', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'territory', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'delivery', 'part', 'holding', 'enclosures', 'England', 'Wales', '6XR', 'holders', 'details', 'pages', 'place', 'offices', 'resolutions', 'business', 'Appendix', 'behalf', 'instructions', 'Board', 'votes', 'accordance', 'discretion', 'favour', 'Information', 'address', 'Tuesday', 'Engagement', 'measures', 'progress', 'event', 'advance', 'investormeetcompany', 'Investors', 'facility', 'rights', 'email', 'names', '10:00']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41882,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRAINLINE-PLC-61661916/news/Trainline-2024-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-46866332/,Trainline : 2024 Notice of Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)   Trainline plc   Notice of Annual   General Meeting   to be held on   Thursday  27 June 2024   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION   If you are in any doubt as to what action you should...…,"Trainline plc Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  27 June 2024 THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION If you are in any doubt as to what action you should take  you are recommended to consult with your stockbroker or other independent adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended). If you have recently sold or transferred all of your shares in Trainline plc  please forward this document  together with the accompanying documents  as soon as possible either to the purchaser or transferee or to the person who arranged the sale or transfer so they can pass these documents to the person who now holds the shares. Trainline plc is incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with registered number 11961132.02 Chair's letter We look forward to welcoming you to Trainline's 2024 Annual General Meeting at our London office."" Brian McBride Chair Dear Shareholder  Trainline plc (""Trainline"" or the ""Company"") will be holding its Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") on Thursday  27 June 2024 at 120 Holborn  London  EC1N 2TD with the meeting set to start at 9:00am. The official business of the AGM is set out on pages 4 to 6 of this notice of AGM (the ""Notice""). AGM arrangements and voting The Company's Board of Directors (""Board"") is pleased to invite shareholders to attend the 2024 AGM at our London office  120 Holborn  London  EC1N 2TD  in person. Your vote is important so I strongly encourage you to submit a proxy vote in advance of the AGM and appoint the Chair of the AGM as your proxy with directions as to how to cast your vote on the resolutions proposed  even if you intend to join the AGM in person. The Notes on page 7 explain how you can submit your proxy vote electronically. Alternatively  if you are not equipped to submit electronically  the accompanying proxy card provides details on how you can submit your proxy vote by post. If you have any questions that relate to the business of the AGM  I invite you to submit them via email to investor@trainline.com before the AGM takes place. We will maintain a list of responses to frequently asked questions in relation to our AGM on our website at www.trainlinegroup.com/AGM.03 Directors' Remuneration Policy The Remuneration Committee has consulted widely with our shareholders on Trainline's Directors' Remuneration Policy (the ""Policy"") in order to develop a policy that will appropriately support the delivery of Trainline's strategy and exceptional performance for shareholders  while ensuring that Trainline can attract  retain and incentivise talent in what is an extremely competitive sector. As part of the consultation Rakhi Goss-Custard  as Chair of the Remuneration Committee  invested significant time discussing the Policy with Trainline's shareholders  in total representing over 78% of issued shares. Our major shareholders understood the rationale for the proposed changes and were generally supportive although some provided feedback in relation to the rebalancing and the approach to target-setting which the Remuneration Committee used to refine the Policy. The Policy is set out in detail on pages 75 to 83 of the Company's annual report for the financial year ended 29 February 2024 (the ""FY2024 Annual Report"") and an overview of the proposed changes from the current shareholder-approved remuneration policy  which received 82.05% support at our 2022 AGM  are set out on page 10 of this Notice. I urge you to read the Chair of the Remuneration Committee's statement on the Policy on pages 71 to 73 of the FY2024 Annual Report and I hope that we can count on your support when you consider how to vote at the AGM. The Board and the Remuneration Committee strongly believe that the Policy will greatly incentivise management to create significant value for shareholders. Director re-election and election I am delighted that Marie Lalleman has joined the Board. Marie brings a wealth of experience from her leadership roles at Nielsen  in particular data-driven strategic growth  and a deep knowledge of consumer behaviours particularly in Europe. Her expertise  combined with being a French national based in France  has further enhanced the Board as Trainline grows its European business. All current Directors will stand for re-election at the AGM apart from Marie Lalleman who  following her appointment on 17 January 2024  will stand for election. Having considered the performance of  and contribution made  by each of the Directors  the Board considers each Director to be fully effective and committed to their role and recommends them all for election or re-election. The Board of Directors' biographies are detailed on pages 61 to 62 of the FY2024 Annual Report. Recommendation The Directors consider all the resolutions set out in this Notice to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. The Directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of all the resolutions set out in this Notice as they intend to do in respect of their own shareholdings. Brian McBride Chair 3 May 202404 Notice of Annual General Meeting Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting (the ""Meeting"" or ""AGM"") of Trainline plc (the ""Company"") will be held at 120 Holborn  London  EC1N 2TD on Thursday  27 June 2024 at 9:00am to consider and vote on the resolutions below. Resolutions 16  17  18 and 19 will be proposed as special resolutions  with the remainder being proposed as ordinary resolutions. Resolutions Reports and accounts 1. To receive the audited accounts for the financial year ended 29 February 2024  together with the strategic report  directors' report and auditors' report on those accounts. Directors' Remuneration Report 2. To receive and to approve the 2024 Remuneration Report (excluding the directors' remuneration policy) set out on pages 71 to 91  of the FY2024 Annual Report on an advisory basis. Directors' Remuneration Policy 3. To receive and to approve the 2024 Remuneration Policy  as set out in the 2024 Remuneration Report on pages 75 to 83 of the FY2024 Annual Report  which if approved  will take effect immediately after the end of the Meeting. Directors To re-elect Andy Phillipps as a director of the Company. To re-elect Brian McBride as a director of the Company. To re-elect Duncan Tatton-Brown as a director of the Company. To re-elect Jennifer Duvalier as a director of the Company. To re-elect Jody Ford as a director of the Company. To re-elect Peter Wood as a director of the Company. To re-elect Rakhi Goss-Custard as a director of the Company. To elect Marie Lalleman as a director of the Company. See pages 61 and 62 of the FY2024 Annual Report for the Directors' biographies. Appointment of auditors 12. To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's auditors to hold office from the conclusion of the Meeting until the conclusion of the next AGM at which the Company's accounts are laid before the Company. Auditors' remuneration 13. To authorise the Directors to determine the remuneration of the auditors. Political donations 14. That  in accordance with section 366 and 367 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Companies Act"")  the Company and any company which is  or becomes  a subsidiary of the Company at any time during the period for which this resolution has effect  be authorised to: make donations to political parties and/or independent election candidates not exceeding £100 000; make political donations to political organisations  other than political parties  not exceeding £100 000; and incur political expenditure not exceeding £100 000  as such terms are defined in Part 14 of the Companies Act during the period beginning on the date of the passing of this resolution and ending on the date of the Company's next annual general meeting  provided that the aggregate of all expenditure under sub-paragraphs (a)  (b) and (c) of this resolution shall not exceed £100 000 in total.05 Renewal of authority to allot shares 15. That the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to section 551 of the Companies Act to allot shares in the Company  and to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 560 205 to: holders of ordinary shares in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and holders of other equity securities if this is required by the rights of those securities or  if the Directors consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities; and so that the Directors may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which it considers necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter  such authority to expire at the end of the next AGM of the Company (or  if earlier  at the close of business on 26 September 2025)  but in each case  during this period the Company may make offers or enter into agreements which would  or might  require shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares to be granted after the authority expires and the Directors may allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares in pursuance to any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. Disapplication of pre-emption rights 16. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 15 and in place of all existing powers  the Directors be generally empowered pursuant to section 570 and section 573 of the Companies Act to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act) for cash  pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 15 as if section 561(1) of the Companies Act did not apply to the allotment. This power: expires (unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting) at the end of the next AGM of the Company after the date on which this resolution is passed (or  if earlier  at the close of business on 26 September 2025)  but the Company may make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after expiry of this power and the Directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of that offer or agreement as if this power had not expired; and shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities in connection with an offer of equity securities: to the ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and to people who hold other equity securities  if this is required by the rights of those securities or  if the Directors consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities  and so that the Directors may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter; and shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities for cash or otherwise up to an aggregate nominal amount of £234 031. This power applies in relation to a sale of shares which is an allotment of equity securities by virtue of section 560(3) of the Companies Act as if in the first paragraph of this resolution the words 'pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 15' were omitted.06 Notice of Annual General Meeting continued Disapplication of pre-emption rights for acquisitions and other capital investments 17. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 15 and in addition to any power given to it pursuant to Resolution 16  the Directors be generally empowered pursuant to section 570 and section 573 of the Companies Act to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act) for cash  pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 15 as if section 561(1) of the Companies Act did not apply to the allotment. This power: expires (unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting) at the end of the next AGM of the Company after the date on which this resolution is passed (or  if earlier  at the close of business on 26 September 2025)  but the Company may make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after expiry of this power and the Directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of that offer or agreement as if this power had not expired; and shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities for cash up to an aggregate nominal amount of £234 031 and provided that the allotment is for the purposes of financing (or refinancing  if the power is used within six months of the original transaction) a transaction which the Directors determine to be an acquisition or other capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-emption Group prior to the date of the notice of the meeting. This power applies in relation to a sale of shares which is an allotment of equity securities by virtue of section 560(3) of the Companies Act as if in the first paragraph of this resolution the words 'pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 15' were omitted. Purchase of own shares 18. That  the Company be generally and unconditionally authorised to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693(4) of the Companies Act) of ordinary shares of 1 penny each in the capital of the Company (""Shares"") on such terms as the Directors think fit  provided that: the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be purchased is 46 806 141; the minimum price  exclusive of any expenses  which may be paid for each Share is 1 penny; the maximum price  exclusive of any expenses  which may be paid for each Share is an amount equal to the higher of: 105% of the average of the middle market quotations of a Share as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which the Share is contracted to be purchased; and an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade of a Share and the highest current independent bid for a Share on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out; and this authority will expire at the end of the next annual general meeting of the Company  except in relation to the purchase of Shares under this authority  the contracts for which are made before the expiry of this authority and which are executed wholly or partly thereafter. General meetings 19. That  a general meeting other than an annual general meeting  may be called on not less than 14 clear days' notice. By order of the Board Martin McIntyre Company Secretary 3 May 2024 Registered office: 120 Holborn  London  England EC1N 2TD07 Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting Entitlement to attend and vote 1. Only those shareholders whose names appear in the Company's register of members as at 6:30pm on 25 June 2024; or if the Meeting is adjourned  in the Company's register of members at 6:30pm on the day two days prior to the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to vote. Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote at the Meeting. Appointing a proxy 2. You are entitled  and we encourage you  to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to attend  speak and vote at the AGM. As explained in more detail in the Chair's letter to this Notice  all shareholders are strongly encouraged to appoint the chair of the AGM as proxy to vote on their behalf. Where no specific instruction is given  your proxy may vote at his/her own discretion or refrain from voting  as he or she sees fit. You can appoint more than one proxy in relation to the meeting provided that each is appointed to exercise the rights attaching to different shares held by you. Details of how to appoint a proxy are set out in the notes to the Proxy Form. Voting by proxy 3. Only those shareholders whose names appear in the Company's register of members as at 6:30pm on 25 June 2024; or if the Meeting is adjourned  in the Company's register of members at 6:30pm on the day two days prior to the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to vote. Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote at the Meeting. You may vote on the resolutions by proxy online at www.shareview.co.uk. If you are unable to vote electronically  you may still vote via post by completing and returning your Proxy Form to Equiniti Limited  Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 6DA. To be valid your proxy instruction must be received by Equiniti at least 48 hours before the appointed time of the Meeting  that is to say  no later than 9:00am on 25 June 2024. Voting online is quicker  more environmentally sustainable and more secure than paper voting. Online proxy voting 4. Only those shareholders whose names appear in the Company's register of members: as at 6:30pm on 25 June 2024; or if the Meeting is adjourned  in the Company's register of members at 6:30pm on the day two days prior to the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to vote. Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote at the Meeting. You can register the appointment of a proxy or proxies or voting instructions for the Meeting electronically by visiting www.shareview.co.uk. You will need to create an online portfolio using your Shareholder Reference Number which is printed on your Proxy Form. Once logged in simply click ""View"" on the ""My Investments"" page  click on the link to vote and follow the on-screen instructions. Full details of the procedures are given on the website. The proxy appointment and/or voting instructions must be received by Equiniti at least 48 hours before the appointed time of the Meeting  no later than 9:00am on 25 June 2024. Please note that any electronic communication sent to the Company or the Registrar that is found to contain a computer virus will not be accepted. The use of the internet service in connection with the AGM is governed by Equiniti Limited's conditions of use set out on the website  www.shareview.co.uk. Nominated persons 5. Only those shareholders whose names appear in the Company's register of members as at 6:30pm on 25 June 2024; or if the Meeting is adjourned  in the Company's register of members at 6:30pm on the day two days prior to the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to vote. Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote at the Meeting. Any person to whom this Notice is sent who is a person nominated under section 146 of the Companies Act to enjoy information rights (a ""Nominated Person"") may  pursuant to an agreement between him/her and the shareholder by whom he/she was nominated  have a right to be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy for the AGM. If a Nominated Person has no such proxy appointment right or does not wish to exercise it  they may  pursuant to any such agreement  have a right to give instructions to the shareholder as to the exercise of voting rights. The rights relating to proxies set out above do not apply directly to Nominated Persons. The rights to appoint proxies can only be exercised by registered holders of shares.08 Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting continued CREST and Proxymity proxy appointment 6. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy instruction service may do so for the AGM and any adjournment thereof by using the procedure described in the CREST Manual. These procedures are available via www.euroclear.com. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed voting service providers  should refer to their CREST sponsors or voting service providers  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. For a proxy appointment or instructions made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's (""EUI"") specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or is an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy  must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID RA19) no later than 9:00am on 25 June 2024  or  in the event of an adjournment of the Meeting  48 hours before the adjourned meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time  any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular message. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member  or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his/her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In connection thereto  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. If you are an institutional investor you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 9:00am on 25 June 2024 in order to be considered valid. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. Corporate Representatives 7. Only those shareholders whose names appear in the Company's register of members: as at 6:30pm on 25 June 2024; or if the Meeting is adjourned  in the Company's register of members at 6:30pm on the day two days prior to the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to vote. Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote at the Meeting. Any corporation which is a shareholder can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise  on its behalf  all its powers as a shareholder provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers over the same share. If two or more corporate representatives purport to vote in respect of the same shares: (a) if they purport to exercise the power in the same way as each other  the power shall be treated as exercised in that way; and (b) in other cases  the power shall be treated as not exercised.09 Shareholder requisition rights 8. Only those shareholders whose names appear in the Company's register of members as at 6:30pm on 25 June 2024  or if the Meeting is adjourned  in the Company's register of members at 6:30pm on the day two days prior to the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to vote. Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote at the Meeting. Shareholders meeting the threshold requirements set out in section 527 of the Companies Act have the right to request that the Company publish a statement on its website setting out any matter that such shareholders propose to raise at the meeting relating to the audit of the Company's accounts (including the auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the meeting. The request must be received by the Company by 20 June 2024  (being at least one week before the Meeting) and the Company may not charge the requesting shareholders for website publication of such a statement. The Company must also forward the statement to the Company's auditors no later than the time the statement is made available on the Company's website. The business which may be dealt with at the AGM includes any website statement relating to audit concerns. Questions for the Board or Trainline 9. If you have any questions for the Board or Trainline please contact investor@trainline.com to give us the opportunity to answer your questions prior to the AGM. We will maintain a list of responses to frequently asked questions in relation to our AGM at www.trainlinegroup.com/AGM. Availability of this Notice and other information 10. This AGM Notice and other information required by section 331A of the Companies Act 2006  can be found at www. trainlinegroup.com/AGM. Documents for inspection 11. The following documents will be available for inspection from 8:15am on the day of the AGM until the conclusion of the AGM: (a) copies of the service agreements of the Executive Directors' with the Company; (b) copies of the terms of engagement of the Non-executive Directors with the Company; and (c) the Company's Articles of Association. Issued share capital and total voting rights 12. As at 1 May 2024 (being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this document)  the Company's issued ordinary share capital consisted of 468 061 412 shares  carrying one vote each. The Company does not hold any shares in treasury. Therefore the total voting rights in the Company as at 1 May 2024 were 468 061 412. Dates and times 13. All dates and times stated in this AGM notice and any further announcements regarding the AGM are British Standard Time unless stated otherwise. Communication 14. Except as provided above  shareholders who have general queries about the Meeting should use the following means of communication (no other methods of communication will be accepted): calling our shareholder helpline on +44 (0)371 384 2030; oremailing investor@trainline.com. You may not use any electronic address provided either in this notice of annual general meeting; or any related documents to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.71,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Trainline', '2024 Notice', 'current shareholder-approved remuneration policy', 'other independent adviser', 'data-driven strategic growth', 'FY2024 Annual Report', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Brian McBride Chair', 'accompanying proxy card', 'The Remuneration Committee', ""03 Directors' Remuneration Policy"", 'Trainline plc Notice', 'current Directors', 'The Notes', 'The Directors', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'accompanying documents', 'Companies Act', 'registered number', 'Dear Shareholder', 'EC1N 2TD', 'competitive sector', 'Rakhi Goss-Custard', 'significant time', 'financial year', 'significant value', 'leadership roles', 'deep knowledge', 'consumer behaviours', 'French national', ""Directors' biographies"", 'best interests', 'official business', 'Marie Lalleman', 'European business', 'proxy vote', 'London office', 'exceptional performance', 'The Company', 'major shareholders', 'AGM arrangements', '02 Chair', '2024 AGM', 'AGM.', '2022 AGM', 'Thursday', '27 June', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'shares', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'person', 'sale', 'England', 'Wales', 'letter', '120 Holborn', '9:00am', 'pages', 'Board', 'advance', 'directions', 'resolutions', 'details', 'post', 'questions', 'email', 'investor', 'place', 'list', 'responses', 'relation', 'website', 'trainlinegroup', 'order', 'delivery', 'strategy', 'talent', 'part', 'consultation', 'rationale', 'changes', 'feedback', 'rebalancing', 'approach', 'overview', '82.05% support', 'statement', 'management', 'election', 'wealth', 'experience', 'Nielsen', 'expertise', 'France', 'appointment', '17 January', 'contribution', 'Recommendation', 'favour', 'respect', 'shareholdings']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41883,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RENEWI-PLC-4002320/news/FY24-Full-Year-Results-Delivering-on-Commitments-46859024/,FY24 Full Year Results  Delivering on Commitments,(marketscreener.com) THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION NO 596/2014   AND MAR WHICH IS PART OF UK LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION ACT 2018  AS AMENDED 30 May 2024 Renewi plc FY24 Full Year Results  De…,"THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 596/2014 (“MAR”)  AND MAR WHICH IS PART OF UK LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018  AS AMENDED (“UK MAR”)30 May 2024Renewi plcFY24 Full Year Results  Delivering on CommitmentsRenewi plc (""Renewi"" or the ""Group"") (LSE: RWI.L: Euronext Amsterdam: RWI.AS)  a leading European waste-to-product company  today releases its results for the full-year ended 31 March 2024 (“FY24”).Sale of UK MunicipalFollowing the strategic review of its UK Municipal operations (“UK Municipal”) announced in September 2023  Renewi has entered into a binding agreement to sell UK Municipal to Biffa Limited (“Biffa”)  a leading UK-wide integrated waste management business (the “Divestment”).Renewi’s CEO  Otto de Bont: """"The sale of UK Municipal to Biffa delivers on our commitment to optimise our portfolio and strengthen our core business. This is a transformational moment for Renewi which will enable us to unlock substantial profit and cashflow improvements and improve shareholder value.We will now fully focus on growing in Europe’s most attractive and advanced recycling markets. Biffa’s financial position  operational expertise  and presence in the UK municipal landscape make them the right new home for our UK Municipal business and we are confident this transaction benefits all stakeholders.""See a separate RNS dated 30 May 2024 “Renewi announces sale of UK Municipal business to Biffa” for more information.Transaction HighlightsSupporting Renewi’s transformation  the Divestment:will immediately increase Renewi’s free cash flow by €15-20m per annum and drive at least c.50bps of EBIT margin expansion.significantly de-risks the Group’s balance sheet as unpredictable UK Municipal liabilities  Onerous Contract Provisions (OCPs)  will be replaced by conventional and competitively priced debt financing  enabling increased visibility on future capital outflows.focuses resources and management time on strategic initiatives for stronger growth and shareholder returns.The transaction will be effectuated through a combination of a nominal cash consideration payable to Biffa and pre-completion capitalisation of UK Municipal (together  the “Capitalisation”). The Capitalisation ensures UK Municipals’ ability to fulfil its future contractual obligations.Capitalisation is expected to be approximately £125m* (€146m**) on completion which  when offset against the reduction of liabilities of €89m  equates to a net cost of c. €57m to Renewi and a total cash impact of €154m  including transaction costs.Core net debt / EBITDA immediately following the transaction is expected to be approximately 2.9x  falling to our target of 2.0x in the medium-term  with improved margins and cash generation driving accelerated deleveraging.The transaction will be funded through the existing revolving credit facility  supplemented by a €120m bridge facility.The Divestment provides UK Municipal customers  employees and other stakeholders with strong strategic backing from a respected scale operator in the UK market. The transaction is expected to complete before 31 December 2024  subject to receipt of a limited suite of regulatory and other consents.* Subject to customary closing adjustments; Capitalisation at completion will be net of any normal course capitalisation provided by Renewi to UK Municipal in the period between 31 March 2024 and completion of the Disposal.** Based on GBP/EUR exchange rate of €1:£0.855.For the purposes of UK Listing Rule 10.4  as at 31 March 2024 the gross assets of UK Municipal (adjusted for the estimated pre-completion Capitalisation) are €348m; and in the financial year ending 31 March 2024  UK Municipal contributed €0.7m to the Group’s statutory profit before tax.FY24 Financial Highlights (note all financial results are shown with UK Municipal held for sale)Revenue of €1 689m and underlying EBIT of €105.5m from continuing operations (FY23: revenue of €1 704m and underlying EBIT of €131.7m).(FY23: revenue of €1 704m and underlying EBIT of €131.7m). Underlying EBITDA from continuing operations of €230.2m : (FY23: €252.4m): (FY23: €252.4m) Statutory loss of €30.9m : (FY23: profit of €66.6m) reflecting lower profits and an exceptional charge of €64.5m on the UK Municipal divestment: (FY23: profit of €66.6m) reflecting lower profits and an exceptional charge of €64.5m on the UK Municipal divestment Free cash flow of €20.9m (FY23: €25.3m)(FY23: €25.3m) Core net debt €368.1m: (FY23: €370.6m)  representing 2.1x EBITDADividend: A final dividend of 5p per share has been recommended for FY24FY24 Strategic and Operational HighlightsCommercial Waste : Solid volume development in Belgium  supported by legislation. Volumes in the Netherlands stabilised in the final quarter of the year  supported by the implementation of a new sales strategy  despite a continued challenging Dutch construction market.: Solid volume development in Belgium  supported by legislation. Volumes in the Netherlands stabilised in the final quarter of the year  supported by the implementation of a new sales strategy  despite a continued challenging Dutch construction market. Mineralz & Water : Delivered a strong recovery  with increased uptake of new sand  filler and gravel products alongside a strong performance in water-related activities.: Delivered a strong recovery  with increased uptake of new sand  filler and gravel products alongside a strong performance in water-related activities. Specialities: Continued strong momentum at both Maltha and Coolrec  benefitting from their leading positions in high growth niches. Revenue and underlying EBIT growth supported by pricing at Maltha and volumes at Coolrec.Continued strong momentum at both Maltha and Coolrec  benefitting from their leading positions in high growth niches. Revenue and underlying EBIT growth supported by pricing at Maltha and volumes at Coolrec. Recyclate prices : Prices were stable throughout the year  having returned to pre-Covid historical average levels  albeit plastic prices remain at lower than average levels due to international oversupply of virgin material.: Prices were stable throughout the year  having returned to pre-Covid historical average levels  albeit plastic prices remain at lower than average levels due to international oversupply of virgin material. Simplify (SG&A efficiency programme): Launched to streamline staff functions and reduce costs  Simplify achieved its €15m run rate at the end of March.Launched to streamline staff functions and reduce costs  Simplify achieved its €15m run rate at the end of March. Future Fit (Digitisation Project) : Accelerated in the second half of FY24  Future Fit aims to enhance operational efficiency  asset utilisation and customer satisfaction. The project will be implemented over the next two to three years and is fully accounted for in the existing medium term high-single digit EBIT target.: Accelerated in the second half of FY24  Future Fit aims to enhance operational efficiency  asset utilisation and customer satisfaction. The project will be implemented over the next two to three years and is fully accounted for in the existing medium term high-single digit EBIT target. Commercial momentum: new customer wins include Schiphol and Rotterdam airports  Dutch Ministry of Defense  Custodial Institution Agency  Total Energies  BPost  Nike  and Mouscon Hospital.new customer wins include Schiphol and Rotterdam airports  Dutch Ministry of Defense  Custodial Institution Agency  Total Energies  BPost  Nike  and Mouscon Hospital. Recycling rate: was 63.2%  down slightly from 63.7% in FY23 due to lower construction volumes which have a high recycling rate. This was partly compensated by the increase of advanced recycling of plastics and mixed residual waste.Lost Time Injuries Rate: decreased from 9.4 to 6.8  driven by cross-company initiatives including safety trainings and investments in site safety  resulting a safer workplaceOutlookFY25 trading expectations include return to revenue growth and significant margin improvement for the continuing Group  in line with current consensus.Commercial Waste expects to continue its strong performance in Belgium and to improve in the Netherlands  building on stabilised volumes  despite the ongoing weakness in the construction sector. Further margin improvement is expected as existing programmes ramp up to their run-rate benefits.Continuing Mineralz & Water turn-around  underpinned by the higher run rate achieved in late FY24 continuing into FY25. Additionally further improvements are expected in the quality and consistency of the materials.Investment in innovative projects within Coolrec and Maltha in progress  with returns expected during the second half of FY25The UK Municipal Divestment will increase near term leverage; deleveraging expected at 0.4 – 0.5 turns per annumReiteration of 3-5 year targets: 8-10% underlying EBIT margin Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion >40% ROCE >15% Organic annual revenue growth >5%ResultsFY24 FY23# % change UNDERLYING NON-STATUTORY Revenue from continuing operations €1 689.2m €1 703.9m -1% Underlying EBITDA1 from continuing operations €230.2m €252.4m -9% Underlying EBIT1 from continuing operations €105.5m €131.7m -20% Underlying EBIT1 margin from continuing operations 6.2% 7.7% -1.5pps Free cash flow1 €20.9m €25.3m Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion1 9.0% 9.9% Return on capital employed1 7.7% 10.6% Core net debt* €368.1m €370.6m STATUTORY Revenue from continuing operations €1 689.2m €1 703.9m -1% Operating profit from continuing operations €97.6m €141.5m -31% Profit for the year from continuing operations €45.2m €86.0m -47% (Loss) profit for the year €(30.9)m €66.6m Basic EPS (cents per share) from continuing operations 53c 104c Cash flow from operating activities €205.0m €209.6m Total net debt (including IFRS 16 leases) €616.0m €685.7m1 The definition and rationale for the use of non-IFRS measures are included in note 18.# Certain March 2023 values have been adjusted to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2.* Core net debt used for banking leverage calculations excludes the impact of IFRS 16 lease liabilities and UK PPP net debt.Otto de Bont  CEO Renewi: “We made three important commitments to our shareholders at the Capital Markets Day in October 2023: optimise our portfolio  build a stronger platform with improved margins and shareholder returns  and drive organic growth. Despite a challenging market environment in commercial waste  we made solid progress on these commitments.We completed the strategic review of our UK Municipal business  resulting in a sale of our UK Municipal activities to Biffa  immediately improving our. Mineralz & Water is slightly ahead of schedule and we expect to further increase the production volume and quality of new sand  filler and gravel products.Three key initiatives are focused on strengthening our platform. With the Simplify efficiency programme  we right-sized our SG&A costs. We announced the streamlining of our organisational structure to unlock our growth potential and better utilise our scale by merging Commercial Waste Netherlands and Belgium under single leadership and integrating Mineralz & Water into the Specialities division. Alongside this  we accelerated Future Fit  a multi-year digitisation programme aimed at replacing our legacy IT systems  to give us a strong foundation to improve efficiency and drive growth.To further drive organic growth  we are progressing in the key sectors set out at the Capital Markets Day  including monostreams like glass  plastics and organics  and mixed waste streams from construction & demolition and commercial & industrial. In addition we are expanding our Ecosmart services  offering customers advice and resources to improve their waste management and reduce their carbon footprint.Finally  we are recommencing dividend payment as stated before and will propose a dividend of 5p per share  underlining our commitment to our shareholders and confidence in our future.We celebrated notable client wins across The Netherlands and Belgium  including Schiphol Airport  Rotterdam the Hague Airport  the Ministry of Defence and Custodial Institution Agency  Total Energies  BPost  Limburg and Nike. Partnerships were concluded with Shell Refineries Pernis and Moerdijk for total waste management and Vattenfall for the offtake of Green Gas as of Q1FY25. The wins of SPF Penitentiaire and hospital Mouscron  reflecting our successful approach in the care sector.We operate in a dynamic sector  where the perception of waste is changing and where our customers realise the carbon footprint they create is impacted by the waste they produce and by the raw materials they use. We help them reduce their footprint  by improving their waste management and by offering them circular materials as alternative to the virgin materials they use today. With our scale  resources and expertise  Renewi is well-positioned to grow in this dynamic sector.”FY24 results presentationToday we will host a results presentation at 9:30am BST / 10:30am CET. Registrations for the presentation: https://brrmedia.news/RWI_FYFor further information:Renewi plcAnne Metz  Director of Investor Relations+31 6 4167 9233investor.relations@renewi.comFTI ConsultingRichard Mountain / Ben Fletcher+44 203 727 1340FTI_RWI@FTIconsulting.comInformation on DividendThe Board is recommending a dividend of 5 pence per share. Subject to shareholder approval at the 2024 AGM  the final dividend will be paid on the 31July 2024 with an ex-dividend date of 27 June 2024 and a record date of 28 June 2024. Shareholders on the Register of Members or holding shares in Crest will automatically receive their dividends in Pounds Sterling  shareholders who hold shares through Euroclear Nederland will automatically receive their dividends in Euros. For shareholders holding shares trading on Euronext Amsterdam and held via Euroclear Nederland  the Euro equivalent dividend payment will be announced on 25 July 2024  and a Dividend Reinvestment Programme (“DRIP”) is available. ABN AMRO provide their DRIP fully on their account and not on behalf of the Company. Contact ABN AMRO at corporate.broking@nl.abnamro.com for information.About RenewiRenewi is a pure-play recycling company that focuses on extracting value from waste and used materials rather than disposing of them through incineration or landfill. The company plays an important role in combating resource scarcity by creating circular materials. In giving new life to used materials  Renewi addresses both social and regulatory trends  contributing to a cleaner and greener world.Our vision is to be the leading waste-to-product company in the world's most advanced circular economies. With a recycling rate of 63.2%  one of the highest in Europe  Renewi puts 6.6 million tonnes of circular materials back into use each year. This contributes to mitigating climate change and promotes the circular economy. Our recycling efforts help to protect natural resources and prevent more than 2.5 million tonnes of CO 2 emissions annually.Renewi leverages innovation and the latest technology to turn waste into circular materials such as paper  metals  plastics  glass  wood  building materials  compost  and water. We employ over 6 000 people across 154 operational sites in five countries in Europe. Renewi is recognised as a leading waste-to-product company in the Benelux region and a European leader in advanced recycling.Visit our website for more information: www.renewi.com.CEO’s reviewOur strategic ambitions encompass three priorities – optimise our portfolio  build a stronger platform and accelerate our organic growth. While FY24 saw a challenging market environment with limited macroeconomic growth  a fall in recyclate prices and market declines in some of our key end markets  we focused on operational agility and commitments.Our portfolio optimisation is progressing well with the completion of the strategic review of our UK Municipal business  resulting in a sale of our UK Municipal activities to Biffa. This transaction entails a €154m cash outflow for us  but thereafter will unburden our cashflow and free up management focus to realise our growth ambitions for the core business. We are also on track with the turn-around of Mineralz & Water within the envisaged timeframe  through the growing uptake of our new materials. The new Mineralz & Water product line has been created with the specific needs of the concrete and construction industries in mind and we expect to further increase the production volume and quality of our new sand  filler and gravel products. We expect the recovery of Mineralz & Water to continue through FY25.In order to strengthen our systems and processes  we launched three initiatives over the course of FY24. The Simplify programme identified a number of areas for efficiency gains  especially in our SG&A functions  where we were able to make significant savings by combining activities and increasing efficiency. We started the process of streamlining our organisational structure and bringing Commercial Waste Netherlands and Belgium together under a single Commercial Waste leader  to maximise the sharing of best practices  organisational efficiency and economies of scale. We further developed and accelerated the launch of Future Fit  our digitisation programme to replace our legacy IT systems and increase the resilience and agility of our platform. Workday  a comprehensive workforce management solution  was one of the tools we rolled out to manage our human resources functions more efficiently.While the financial results of FY24 were impacted by both recyclate prices largely returning to historical averages and the challenging market in the Commercial Waste Netherlands business  work continued across the organisation to put the right measures in place to return to organic revenue growth and realise higher margins. Within Commercial Waste  a simplified leadership structure  an enhanced sales strategy and investments in high growth projects have set the groundwork for accelerated growth in the future. Mineralz & Water continues to improve its underlying EBIT in line with its recovery programme. Coolrec  while impacted by the low plastics prices  processed record volumes and has started constructing new processing lines which will further contribute to growth in 2025. Maltha showed impressive growth  with refinements in processes and investments in plant improvements combined with strong price dynamics to yield exceptional results.If we look at the higher-growth materials and sectors we set out on our Capital Markets Day  we have made progress on a number of areas of our 5 year commitment to add €275m in revenues in glass  plastics  organics  construction & demolition and zero waste solutions.Group Summary Revenue Underlying EBIT FY24 FY23* Variance FY24 FY23* Variance €m €m % €m €m % Commercial Waste 1 384.7 1 397.3 -1% 98.5 129.3 -24% Mineralz & Water 181.6 190.9 -5% 9.6 0.5 n/a Specialities 175.2 160.2 9% 16.3 15.9 3% Group central services - - (18.9) (14.0) -35% Inter-segment revenue (52.3) (44.5) - - Continuing Operations 1 689.2 1 703.9 -1% 105.5 131.7 -20% Discontinued Operations 179.9 188.4 -5% 1.3 1.2 8% Total 1 869.1 1 892.3 -1% 106.8 132.9 -20%The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in note 3 in the consolidated financial statements.*The FY23 numbers have been reclassified to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.Against a background of macroeconomic challenges including lower levels of construction and demolition activities in the Netherlands and high inflation  our financial performance for FY24 was weaker with revenue from continuing operations down 1% and underlying EBIT down 20%. In the last quarter of the year  volumes stabilised or returned to modest sequential growth. The planned divestment of UK Municipal has been reflected as asset held for sale at 31 March 2024 and has resulted in an exceptional charge of €64.5m.We continued to grow our operations and officially opened our Ghent sorting line  which is capable of recycling 125kt of commercial residual waste annually. The facility aligns with VLAREMA 8 legislation which requires that some 24 materials must be removed from commercial waste for recycling before any residual waste can be incinerated. We also opened our new rigid plastics sorting line in Acht  which produces high-quality Post-Consumer Recycled (PCR) materials  focusing on polypropylene (PP) and polyethylene (PE). We are proud to have achieved over 95% purity at the site  ensuring our recycled plastics meet the highest standards.In a ground-breaking achievement  our Coolrec subsidiary in partnership with Electrolux  pioneered the creation of a refrigerator crafted from recycled materials. This collaboration earned us the European Plastic Recycling Award for Automotive  Electrical  or Electronic Product of the Year  recognising our excellence in recycled material processing  innovative product design and cutting-edge manufacturing in the European plastics recycling industry. Maltha installed a new line at the Portugal site for the processing of ceramics  stone and porcelain  a waste stream coming from glass sorting  and made a number of upgrades to improve quality and yields. Looking forward  we expect to see increasing demand for our services  as our offering is even more attractive in light of upcoming regulatory requirements which will affect many of our customers  such as CSRD regulation and will continue to drive higher levels of recycling. We are well-positioned to meet this demand. We continue to focus on customer experience and with the implementation of Future Fit  we expect to see further improvement in customer satisfaction.Ensuring health and safety in our workplace is paramount  we have made excellent progress in maintaining a safe environment. We are proud to report a decrease in Lost Time Injuries overall from 9.4 to 6.8  surpassing our 2025 target of 7. We have proactively implemented enhanced traffic plans across all our sites to mitigate risks. The rollout of safety leadership training is evidence of our commitment to fostering a culture of safety at every level of the organisation. We were pleased that our employee satisfaction levels stayed stable at an eNPS 23 against the backdrop of a strategic review and implementation of our Simplify programme.Group outlookOur strategic focus for the coming year centres around completing the divestment of our UK Municipal business  driving further improvements in Mineralz & Water operations and driving efficiency through digitisation and simplification of our organisation and processes. We aim to achieve further growth through organic expansion and the strengthening of our core commercial waste business with the targeted sales strategy and continuing investment in innovation in circular materials. We expect Commercial Waste Belgium to continue its strong performance in the second half  and Netherlands to show improvement despite the ongoing weakness in the construction sector. We will see further margin improvement as the existing programmes ramp up to their run-rate benefits. In line with our upgraded capital allocation policy we shared at the Capital Markets Day in October of last year  I am pleased to announce that we will be proposing a dividend of 5p per share.I want to express my gratitude to the diverse group of stakeholders who have been instrumental in supporting us throughout this year. I appreciate our customers for entrusting us with their business  our workforce for their continued dedication  the Board for their valuable guidance and our shareholders for their support of our vision.CFO’s reviewFinancial Performance FY24 FY23* Variance €m €m % Continuing operations Revenue 1 689.2 1 703.9 -1% Underlying EBIT 105.5 131.7 -20% Operating profit 97.6 141.5 -31% Underlying profit before tax 68.0 105.2 -35% Non-trading & exceptional items (7.9) 9.8 Profit before tax from continuing operations 60.1 115.0 Total tax charge for the year (14.9) (29.0) Profit for the year from continuing operations 45.2 86.0 Discontinued operations (76.1) (19.4) (Loss) profit for the year (30.9) 66.6 Organic annual revenue growth -1% 3% Underlying EBIT margin 6.2% 7.7% Free Cash FlowithEBITDA conversion 9.0% 9.9% Return on capital employed 7.7% 10.6%The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in notes 3 and 18 in the consolidated financial statements.*The FY23 numbers have been reclassified to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.We have continued to deliver against the strategic priorities previously communicated at Renewi’s Capital Markets Day in October 2023. However despite these successes  a challenging operating environment for Commercial Waste Netherlands  particularly in the Construction and Demolition sector  adversely impacted the overall Group results in FY24. We achieved a number of goals including further optimisation of the portfolio as Mineralz & Water continued its recovery with its overall performance slightly ahead of the original recovery plan. As announced an exit for the UK Municipal business has been agreed with completion expected before 31 December 2024. Cost reduction and efficiency in both the short and longer term  remains a key focus for the Group. The Simplify programme launched in the third quarter has achieved its targeted full year run-rate impact of €15m in SG&A costs by the end of March. This action will contribute to our medium term objective of delivering high single-digit EBIT margins.Given the status of the UK Municipal strategic review at the end of the financial year  the business is presented as an asset held for sale at 31 March 2024. This has resulted in this business being disclosed as a discontinued operation with the financials now presented on a continuing and discontinued operations basis with a restatement of the prior year comparatives. As a result of this an exceptional charge of €64.5m has been recorded.Revenue from continuing operations fell by 1%  to €1 689.2m driven by slow economic growth and a reduction in recyclate prices. Overall volumes were down year on year albeit stable in the second half and recyclate prices have remained largely stable throughout the year. Underlying EBIT from continuing operations was 20% lower than the prior year driven by volume and recyclate impact of €35m as cost inflation was largely mitigated by pricing discipline and ongoing cost initiatives. In addition  there has also been the impact this year of a higher level of favourable one-off items of c€5m arising from some accrual releases and other settlements. These one-off items do not qualify as non-trading or exceptional in accordance with our accounting policy. The benefit of ongoing cost reductions and execution of strategic initiatives has resulted in an improved underlying EBIT margin performance in the second half of the year of 6.7% compared to 5.8% in the first half of the year. Net finance charges have risen in FY24 as a result of increased costs of borrowing and higher average debt balances across the year. The level of exceptional and non-trading items in continuing operations was higher than last year as described below  resulting in a statutory profit for the year from continuing operations of €45.2m compared to €86.0m last year.Additionally  during FY24  we have embarked on our Future Fit digital programme  a strategic initiative expected to increase operational efficiency  asset utilisation and customer satisfaction  also supporting the Group in achieving its medium-term margin ambitions. Our capital allocation policy was reset during the year to reflect an ongoing disciplined approach to capital  prioritising shareholder returns and investing in profitable growth. In line with this a final dividend of 5 pence per share is proposed which will be subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting.Non-trading and exceptional items excluded from underlying profitsTo enable a better understanding of underlying performance  certain items are excluded from underlying EBIT and underlying profit before tax due to their size  nature or incidence.Total non-trading and exceptional items in continuing operations were a cost of €7.9m (FY23: €9.8m credit) and include the costs of the Simplify restructuring programme  portfolio management activity  amortisation of acquisition related intangibles reduced by profits from property disposals and other items. Further details on all non-trading and exceptional items are provided in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.Operating profit from continuing operations  after taking account of all non-trading and exceptional items  was €97.6m (FY23: €141.5m).Net finance costsNet finance costs from continuing operations increased by €11.2m to €38.0m (FY23: €26.8m) as a result of the impact of additional fixed rate borrowings in the second half of FY23  increased interest rates  the level of borrowings on the revolving credit facility and a non-cash write off of €1m of unamortised loan fees following the August 2023 renewal of the €400m revolving credit facility. Further details are provided in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.Profit before taxProfit before tax from continuing operations on a statutory basis  including the impact of non-trading and exceptional items  was €60.1m (FY23: €115.0m).TaxationTotal taxation for the year from continuing operations was a charge of €14.9m (FY23: €29.0m). The effective tax rate on underlying profits was 23.7% at €16.1m  a decrease from 29.3% in the prior year  as a result of tax losses claimed from the UK Municipal entities. A tax credit of €1.2m is attributable to the non-trading and exceptional items of €7.9m as a number of items are not subject to tax.Looking forward  we anticipate the underlying tax rate to be approximately 27%. Due to items disallowed for tax in both the Netherlands and Belgium  our effective tax rate is higher than the nominal rates in the countries where we operate. Our Group tax strategy remains unchanged and is fully documented on the Group website.The Group statutory profit for the year from continuing operations  including all non-trading and exceptional items  was €45.2m (FY23: €86.0m).Discontinued operationsThe loss for the year from the disposal group was €76.1m including the re-measurement impact in reflecting the business as asset held for sale. Further details on the performance of the UK Municipal business and the implications of the transaction are provided in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.Earnings per share (EPS)Underlying EPS from continuing operations excluding non-trading and exceptional items was 61 cents per share  a decrease of 28 cents given the lower profits. Basic EPS from total operations was a loss of 43 cents per share compared to earnings of 79 cents per share in the prior year.DividendThe Board is recommending a final dividend of 5 pence per share. Subject to shareholder approval at the 2024 AGM  the final dividend will be paid on 31 July 2024 to shareholders on the register at close of business on 28 June 2024.Cash flow performanceThe funds flow performance table is derived from the statutory cash flow statement including both continued and discontinued operations and reconciliations are included in note 18 in the consolidated financial statements. The table shows the cash flows from an adjusted free cash flow to total cash flow. The adjusted free cash flow measure focuses on the cash generation excluding the impact of historical liabilities relating to Covid-19 tax deferrals  settlement of ATM soil liabilities  spend relating to the UK PPP onerous contracts and other items including exceptional cash spend. Free cash flow represents the cash available to fund growth capital projects  pay dividends and invest in acquisitions.Funds flow performance FY24 FY23 €m €m Underlying EBITDA 232.3 255.6 Working capital movement 25.7 (5.8) Movement in provisions and other (8.5) (0.2) Net replacement capital expenditure (57.2) (87.3) Repayments of obligations under lease liabilities (55.3) (47.5) Interest and loan fees (31.1) (20.7) Tax (36.3) (21.2) Adjusted free cash flow 69.6 72.9 Deferred Covid taxes (19.9) (19.7) Offtake of ATM soil (2.5) (1.2) UK Municipal contracts (15.8) (12.2) Renewi 2.0 and other exceptional spend (5.3) (4.1) Other (5.2) (10.4) Free cash flow 20.9 25.3 Growth capital expenditure (22.0) (30.8) Acquisitions net of disposals 0.2 (59.4) Total cash flow (0.9) (64.9) Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion 9.0% 9.9%All numbers above contain both continued and discontinued operations. Free cash flow conversion is free cash flow as a percentage of underlying EBITDA. The non-IFRS measures above are reconciled to statutory measures in note 18 in the consolidated financial statements.Adjusted free cash flow was only slightly lower than last year at €69.6m (FY23: €72.9m) despite the lower EBITDA  which was offset by improved working capital management  increased utilisation of invoice discounting and disposal proceeds. Replacement capital expenditure of €57.2m was significantly lower than last year following the disposal of the Hemweg site in Amsterdam. The disposal of this site was anticipated as part of the overall business plan for the Renewi Westpoort acquisition in 2022. Stripping out proceeds from this and other exceptional property disposals  replacement capital expenditure was €77m  a decrease of €17m on the prior year which included a number of catch up projects delayed during Covid. In addition  €66.6m of new leases or modifications have been entered into which are reported as right-of-use assets with a corresponding lease liability. These leases include the continuation of the truck replacement programme  property lease renewals or extensions and others. Growth capital expenditure of €22.0m includes further spend on the VLAREMA 8 advanced sorting investments in Belgium and the newly commissioned rigid plastics sorting line at Acht in the Netherlands. As previously communicated  this level of growth spend is lower than originally planned given delays at further sites for advanced sorting in Belgium  as full enforcement of the new regulation ramps up.The higher cash outflow relating to interest includes the settlement of €2.6m of fees relating to the August 2023 renewal of the Group revolving credit facility along with the impact of higher financing costs. Tax payments were higher in the current year given the timing of settlements with some items falling into FY24.Looking at the three legacy components that are shown below adjusted free cash flow  there has been a further €19.9m repayment on Dutch Covid-19 tax deferrals as expected. The remaining balance of €10m will be settled by the end of September 2024. Cash spend for placement of TGG soil stocks has been limited in the period. Cash outflow on UK PPP contracts was €15.8m. Following completion of the UK Municipal divestment  we do not expect any further cash outflows in respect of UK PPP contracts.The acquisitions net of disposals inflow included the sale of an entity acquired with the Renewi Westpoort acquisition in September 2023  net of the acquisition of the Meeus rockwool business in Belgium. Other cash flows include funding for the closed UK defined benefit scheme and the funding of the Renewi Employee Share trust.Net cash inflow from operating activities decreased from €188.4m in the prior year to €168.7m in the current year. A reconciliation to the underlying cash flow performance as referred to above is included in note 18 in the consolidated financial statements and further details on cash flows from discontinued operations in note 12.Moving forward  our focus is on enhancing our capacity to generate free cash flow and achieving a conversion rate of 40% of EBITDA by the end of FY26. We will achieve this by eliminating legacy cash outflows  reducing exceptional costs and optimising asset utilisation to decrease capital expenditures. By bolstering our ability to generate cash  we can adopt a capital allocation strategy that balances growth-oriented investments with enhanced returns for our shareholders.Investment projectsExpenditure in FY25Asset optimisation is a key objective to improve our cash flow generation and deliver a cash conversion rate of 40% of EBITDA in the coming years. As such replacement capital expenditure will continue to be tightly controlled and is expected to be between €70m and €80m in FY25. In addition  c.€50m of IFRS 16 lease investments are anticipated  as further deliveries on the replacement truck programme continue. Our medium-term ambition is to earmark c. 30% of free cash flow annually to growth capital projects with return hurdle rates of at least 16% on a pre-tax basis. Total growth capital spend in FY25 is expected to be around €30m on a number of projects across the divisions.Return on assetsThe Group return on operating assets on a continuing basis  excluding debt  tax and goodwill  decreased to 19.9% at 31 March 2024 down from 30.0% at 31 March 2023 given the lower profits in FY24. The Group post-tax return on capital employed on a total operations basis was 7.7% (FY23: 10.6%).Treasury and cash managementCore net debt and leverage ratiosCore net debt excludes IFRS 16 lease liabilities and the net debt relating to the UK PPP contracts which is non-recourse to the Group and secured over the assets of the special purpose vehicles. Given the UK Municipal planned exit and classification as asset held for sale all cash and borrowings relating to the disposal group at 31 March 2024 are now shown in assets and liabilities held for sale. Core net debt at 31 March 2024  excluding any core cash held in UK Municipal  was €368.1m (FY23: €370.6m). Cash performance in the last half resulted in lower net debt and a closing net debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.14x. Liquidity headroom including cash and undrawn facilities remained sufficient at €307m.Debt structure and strategyAll our core borrowings of bonds and loans are green financed. As at 31 March 2024  78% of our core net debt was on a fixed rate. Most borrowings are long term with the exception of the €75m Belgian green retail bonds due for repayment in July 2024.Debt Structure Mar 24 Mar 23* Variance €m €m €m Belgian Green retail bonds (200.0) (200.0) - Green RCF (155.0) (102.5) (52.5) Other Green loans (90.0) (105.0) 15.0 Gross borrowings before lease liabilities (445.0) (407.5) (37.5) IAS 17 lease liabilities and other (5.2) (9.1) 3.9 Loan fees 3.1 2.3 0.8 Core cash 79.0 43.7 35.3 Core net debt (368.1) (370.6) 2.5 IFRS 16 lease liabilities (247.9) (245.8) (2.1) Net debt continuing operations (616.0) (616.4) 0.4*The FY23 numbers have been reclassified to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.In August 2023  the Group completed the renewal of its revolving credit facility  part of its Euro denominated multicurrency green finance facility. The size of the revolving credit facility (“RCF”) remains unchanged at €400m and is for an initial five-year term to 2028 with two one-year extension options to 2030 together with a €150m accordion option to increase the facility subject to lender approval at that time. Interest remains based on Euribor plus a margin grid based on leverage and green sustainability metrics performance. Financial covenants remained unchanged and are now tested semi-annually at September and March.The introduction of IFRS 16 on 1 April 2019 brought additional lease liabilities onto the balance sheet with an associated increase in assets. Covenants on our main bank facilities remain on a frozen GAAP basis and exclude IFRS 16 lease liabilities. The Group has complied with its banking covenants during the period. The Group operates a committed invoice discounting programme. The cash received for invoices sold at March 2024 was €116.4m (March 2023: €84.7m).Provisions and contingent liabilitiesFurther to the recognition of the UK Municipal business as asset held for sale all associated long-term onerous contracts are included in the liabilities for disposal group held for sale and outside of the total provisions value in the balance sheet. Looking at provisions in continuing operations around 88% of the Group’s provisions are long-term in nature relating to landfill provisions. The provisions balance classified as due within one year amounts to €21m  including €5m for restructuring  €1m for onerous contracts  €10m for landfill related spend and €5m for environmental  legal and others. Further details are provided in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.Retirement benefitsThe Group has a closed UK defined benefit pension scheme and at 31 March 2024  the scheme had an accounting deficit of €7.6m (FY23: €4.3m). The change in the year was due to lower returns on pension scheme assets which were only partly offset by an increase in the discount rate assumption on scheme liabilities. The triennial actuarial valuation of the scheme as at 5 April 2024 is underway. The Group’s funding plan has been maintained at the current level of €3.5m per annum until December 2024. There are also several defined benefit pension schemes for employees in the Netherlands and Belgium which had a retirement benefit deficit of €5.3m at 31 March 2024  a €0.3m increase from 31 March 2023.Going concernThe Directors have adopted the going concern basis in preparing these consolidated financial statements after assessing the Group’s principal risks. Further details of the modelling and scenarios prepared are set out in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. The key judgement in both scenarios is the possibility of weaker macroeconomic conditions  delivery of the year on year profit enhancements together with the Group’s ability to finance the funding of the UK Municipal exit through its existing RCF and €120m bridge facilities and settle all other funding repayments as they fall due. Having considered all the key judgements around the financial projections  including the availability of financing and the achievability of mitigating actions included and other levers not included  the Directors confirm they have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and to meet all banking covenants.Divisional operating reviewCommercial wasteCommercial Waste Revenue Underlying EBIT Operating profit FY24 FY23 FY24 FY23 FY24 FY23 Netherlands Commercial 911.5 932.0 52.9 76.9 53.2 69.4 Belgium Commercial 476.2 468.4 45.6 52.4 42.9 65.3 Intra-segment revenue (3.0) (3.1) - - - - Total (€m) 1 384.7 1 397.3 98.5 129.3 96.1 134.7 Year on year variance % Netherlands Commercial -2% -31% -23% Belgium Commercial 2% -13% -34% Total -1% -24% -29% Underlying Return on EBIT margin operating assets FY24 FY23 FY24 FY23 Netherlands Commercial 5.8% 8.3% 12.0% 19.3% Belgium Commercial 9.6% 11.2% 27.9% 47.3% Total 7.1% 9.3% 16.3% 25.4%The return on operating assets excludes all landfill related provisions. The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in notes 3 and 18 in the consolidated financial statements.Commercial Waste revenues were lower over FY24 at €1 385m (FY23 €1 397m) versus prior year due to lower recyclate prices and a weaker construction and demolition market in the Netherlands. Underlying EBIT declined to €98.5m (FY23 €129.3m) and operating profit was €96.1m (FY23 €134.7m). Recyclate prices normalised following a sharp peak due to supply-chain disruption during and directly after the Covid pandemic. In the second half of the year  recyclate prices had largely stabilised around pre-covid levels  with the exception of plastics which continued to be lower due to excess supply of low-cost virgin plastic from abroad. Costs increased in line with inflation  with higher labour costs across the division.Throughout Commercial Waste there was a strong focus on cost savings  with headcount reduction and improved asset utilisation helping to offset the exceptionally high inflation. Cash performance was also a top priority  with improvements in working capital management and a phased approach to capital expenditure timing.Commercial Waste NetherlandsMarket developmentsOverall economic activity was subdued in the Netherlands over the period  with GDP growth over 2023 of 0.1% with most growth in the services sector leading to lower volumes overall. In the Construction & Demolition segment  nitrogen deposition caps limited new construction activities across the country  resulting in decreased construction volumes and thus increased competition for the remaining volumes. A fire at AVR  one of the main incinerators in the Netherlands  took significant incineration capacity out of the market.Operational developmentsThrough the period  Commercial Waste Netherlands retained its client base of large construction companies  differentiating itself from competitors with its circular offering  high safety standards and geographic footprint. In order to meet customer demands and achieve its own green ambitions  Renewi purchased a number of electric vehicles which have the added benefit of not contributing to nitrogen deposition.Decreased inbound Construction & Demolition volumes also resulted in decreased outbound recyclate volumes. Over H2  Commercial Waste Netherlands saw a stabilisation of the volumes from this segment. The reduced construction activity is expected to persist until late 2024 or early 2025  after which large residential construction projects currently backlogged around major cities are expected to pick up. The rigid plastics line in Acht was commissioned in the last quarter of FY24  and will ramp up over the course of FY25.Commercial Waste Netherlands had some notable client wins  with zero waste contracts for Schiphol Airport  Rotterdam the Hague Airport  University of Twente and the Ministry of Defence and Custodial Institution Agency. Partnerships were concluded with Shell Refineries Pernis and Moerdijk for total waste management and Vattenfall for the offtake of Green Gas as of Q1FY25.Financial resultsCommercial Waste Netherlands revenues were €911.5m  down 2% year on year driven by weaker volumes from the Construction & Demolition sector and lower recyclate prices. Underlying EBIT was €52.9m  down 31% year on year due to lower recyclate prices and underlying EBIT margin was 5.8%  down from 8.3% in FY23. In order to protect margins through the period of reduced activity  Commercial Waste Netherlands downscaled variable costs in line with the decrease in volumes. Savings were achieved by increasing route density  measures included in the Simplify programme  and a reduction in SG&A. Operating profit was €53.2m  down 23% from €69.4m in FY23. Return on operating assets was 12.0%.Commercial Waste BelgiumMarket developmentsOver the course of FY24  the new VLAREMA 8 legislation was introduced which requires a much more extensive sorting to limit the amount of material going to incineration. This is a positive development for our business and the introduction of this legislation was an important part of the investment case for Renewi’s commissioning of an advanced sorting line in Ghent. As is often the case  the implementation of this regulation had a delay between its effective date and actual enforcement  initially enabling some waste collecting companies to bypass the new sorting and recycling obligation. During the course of the year  Renewi worked with the authorities to find efficient ways of enforcing VLAREMA 8 resulting in increased compliance with the new law and increased volumes to Commercial Waste Belgium’s recycling facilities. Electricity prices were lower than anticipated in FY24  and labour costs increased.Operational highlightsCommercial Waste Belgium commissioned its new advanced sorting line in Ghent in August  ramping up to 83kt of throughput by the end of FY24. A similar advanced sorting line was to be commissioned in Puurs  but was postponed until the enforcement of VLAREMA 8 corresponded with management expectations.Commercial Waste Belgium had some notable client wins  including Total Energies  BPost  Limburg.net  Nike  Puurs-St Amands (public)  Infra group  Molnlycke  VRT  Exel Composites (LA) and Sciensano (Haz Waste)  Total (Feluy) and the wins of SPF Penitentiaire and hospital Mouscron  reflecting our successful approach in the care sector.In terms of new commercial offerings  Commercial Waste Belgium introduced the Zero Waste Container which allows customers to mix 5 waste streams into one container and is fully VLAREMA 8 compliant  which is particularly attractive to customers who have limited space. Commercial Waste Belgium’s food waste offering was also an area of focus over FY24.Financial ResultsCommercial Waste Belgium revenues were €476.2m  up 2% year on year driven by strong volumes helped by the enforcement of the VLAREMA 8 legislation in Flanders. Despite cost measures  underlying EBIT was €45.6m down 13% year on year due to lower recyclate prices and underlying EBIT margin was 9.6%  down from 11.2% in FY23. Operating profit was €42.9m  34% lower year on year. Return on operating assets was 27.9%.Mineralz & WaterMineralz & Water FY24 FY23 Variance €m €m % Revenue 181.6 190.9 -5% Underlying EBIT 9.6 0.5 n/a Underlying EBIT margin 5.3% 0.3% Operating profit 7.3 1.0 n/a Return on operating assets 15.9% 0.8%The return on operating assets excludes all landfill related provisions. The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in notes 3 and 18 in the consolidated financial statements.Market developmentsDue to further product quality improvements and positive long term environmental impact analysis  first signs of recovery in the civil engineering market in which Mineralz & Water is active are visible.Although the concrete and construction markets have shown low momentum  concrete producers have increased interest in the use of recycled materials  following the Dutch “Beton-akkoord” and the EU-directive regarding the use of recycled materials.Developments regarding the presence of PFAS  the emergence of possible new regulations and best available removal techniques continue to be an important topic in the wastewater purification and soil cleaning market. In both markets  these developments can introduce both significant opportunities as well as challenges to meet emerging regulatory requirements.Operational highlightsM&W recovery continued on track over the course of FY24  with the re-design of the production line to produce sand  gravel and filler for use in the concrete and construction industry  rather than the previous unsorted product: Thermally Treated Soil (TGG). As part of this turnaround  adjustments were made to improve the quality and consistency of the sand and filler in order to meet the technical requirements of concrete producers. Further important milestones for entering the concrete market have been reached  including the End of Waste (EOW) certification for gravel and filler. EOW for sand is expected in FY25.Offtake of the remaining inventory of legacy TGG stock is proceeding and in FY24 another 100kton was transferred to buyers.Investments in the efficiency of the packed chemical waste pyrolysis plant have resulted in a new production throughput record.Financial resultsMineralz & Water revenue was down 5% year on year mainly driven by termination of unprofitable activities  including soil washing and bottom ash treatment Underlying EBIT increased to €9.6m from €0.5 for FY23  primarily driven by the turnaround related to soil treatment in H2 FY24  underlying market pricing and efficiency improvements  also resulting in operating profit of €7.3m up from €1m for FY23.Specialities DivisionSpecialities FY24 FY23* Variance €m €m % Revenue 175.2 160.2 9% Underlying EBIT 16.3 15.9 3% Underlying EBIT margin 9.3% 9.9% Operating profit 15.4 17.1 -10% Return on operating assets 28.6% 35.4%The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in notes 3 and 18 in the consolidated financial statements.*The FY23 numbers have been reclassified to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.MalthaPrices for glass cullet increased over the period as demand for recycled glass continued to grow against a scarcity of glass shards.Maltha showed continued excellent performance over FY24  benefitting from price increases  partially offset by increased sourcing costs and cost inflation. Volumes were slightly lower over FY23.An investment in Polyvinyl butyral (PVB) was approved for the Lommel site in Belgium in collaboration with several companies with the objective of being able to recycle this material during FY24/25.The Portugal site has been transformed over recent years  adding a roof  solar panels and more recently installing an improvement in 2024 of an additional external line for processing CSP (ceramics  stone & porcelain) material  large volumes of which would normally be sent to landfill. The focus in the next financial year will be to continue to expand the site to process more material  improving the profitability through increased sales.Maltha’s aim is to become the producer of the best quality cullet in Europe and the supplier of choice to all glass producers. The technology upgrades have also had positive effects on CO 2 emissions  as they are more energy efficient  which supports our clients’ and our own sustainability targets and vision.CoolrecThe market for e-waste continues to provide interesting opportunities for growth. In addition to market growth from increased use of electrical appliances  Extended Producer Schemes continue to up their efforts to increase collection rates and regulators increase requirements for compliant recycling. For instance  in the Netherlands a stimulus campaign aimed to improve compliant treatment of cooling and freezing appliances yielded significant results. In France  the regulator announced the requirement for electrical boilers to be recycled starting January 2025.On the back of these market developments  as well as continued commercial success (e.g. contract extensions with the same or higher volumes)  Coolrec saw record volumes (up c.10% vs FY23). Coolrec is building a new boiler treatment line in the North of France on the back of the new French boiler regulation  operational Q4 of FY25  expecting to add 15kt of volumes over the course of the coming three years.Plastics prices  however  remained significantly depressed as international plastics producers continued to supply virgin plastic at prices below recycled to the European market  as a result of significant increases in production capacity coming online  mostly in Asia. This will remain a point of attention in FY25  and possibly beyond  as the supply/demand balance restores.UK MunicipalAt the Capital Markets Day in October 2023  Renewi announced its intention to conduct a strategic review of the UK municipal business to evaluate divestment due to the drag on cash  poor profit profile and lack of strategic fit. Renewi has announced the divestment of UK Municipal  to be completed before 31 December 2024. As such  UK Municipal’s financial results are held as an asset for sale throughout the financial statements. UK Municipal’s performance over FY24 was in line with expectations.Financial resultsRevenue from Specialities excluding UK Municipal (now disclosed as discontinued operations) was up 9% year on year to €175.2m and underlying EBIT was up 3% to €16.3m with margin falling slightly. Operating profit was €15.4m compared to €17.1m in FY23.Consolidated Income StatementFor the year ended 31 March 20242024 Restated*2023 Note Underlying€m Non-trading& exceptional items€m Total€m Underlying€m Non-trading& exceptional items€m Total€m Revenue 3 4 1 689.2 - 1 689.2 1 703.9 - 1 703.9 Cost of sales 5 (1 351.2) (4.6) (1 355.8) (1 352.6) (7.3) (1 359.9) Gross profit (loss) 338.0 (4.6) 333.4 351.3 (7.3) 344.0 Administrative expenses 5 (232.5) (3.3) (235.8) (219.6) 17.1 (202.5) Operating profit (loss) 3 105.5 (7.9) 97.6 131.7 9.8 141.5 Finance income 5 6 1.5 - 1.5 0.9 - 0.9 Finance charges 5 6 (39.5) - (39.5) (27.7) - (27.7) Share of results from associates and joint ventures 0.5 - 0.5 0.3 - 0.3 Profit (loss) before taxation 3 68.0 (7.9) 60.1 105.2 9.8 115.0 Taxation 5 7 (16.1) 1.2 (14.9) (30.8) 1.8 (29.0) Profit (loss) for the year from continuing operations 51.9 (6.7) 45.2 74.4 11.6 86.0 Discontinued Operations (Loss) profit for the year from discontinued operations 12 (3.5) (72.6) (76.1) 1.2 (20.6) (19.4) Profit (loss) for the year 48.4 (79.3) (30.9) 75.6 (9.0) 66.6 Attributable to: Owners of the parent 45.2 (79.3) (34.1) 71.9 (9.0) 62.9 Non-controlling interests 3.2 - 3.2 3.7 - 3.7 48.4 (79.3) (30.9) 75.6 (9.0) 66.6Note 2024cents 2023cents Earnings per share – total (loss) profit attributable to owners of the parent Basic and diluted 8 (43) 79 Underlying basic and diluted 8 57 90 Earnings per share – profit from continuing operations attributable to owners of the parent Basic and diluted 8 53 104 Underlying basic and diluted 8 61 89* The 2023 comparatives have been restated to reclassify discontinued operations and details are given in note 2 Basis of preparation and note 12.Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive IncomeFor the year ended 31 March 20242024€m Restated*2023€m Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Exchange differences on translation of foreign subsidiaries 5.6 (8.0) Exchange differences on translation of discontinued operations (7.8) 10.5 Fair value movement on cash flow hedges 3.1 (8.6) Fair value movement on cash flow hedges of discontinued operations 1.1 12.3 Deferred tax on fair value movement on cash flow hedges (0.8) 2.3 Deferred tax on fair value movement on cash flow hedges of discontinued operations (0.3) (1.6) Share of other comprehensive income of investments of discontinued operations accounted for using the equity method 0.1 0.3 1.0 7.2 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension schemes (6.7) (15.5) Deferred tax on actuarial loss on defined benefit pension scheme 1.7 3.8 Fair value movement on unlisted investments through other comprehensive income 1.8 - Deferred tax on fair value movement on unlisted investments above (0.1) - (3.3) (11.7) Other comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax (2.3) (4.5) (Loss) profit for the year (30.9) 66.6 Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year (33.2) 62.1 Attributable to: Owners of the parent (36.4) 58.4 Non-controlling interests 3.2 3.7 Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year (33.2) 62.1 Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to owners of the parent arising from: Continuing operations 46.6 56.3 Discontinued operations (83.0) 2.1 (36.4) 58.4* The 2023 comparatives have been restated to reclassify discontinued operations and details are given in note 2 Basis of preparation and note 12.Consolidated Balance SheetAs at 31 March 2024Note 31 March2024€m 31 March2023€m Assets Non-current assets Goodwill and intangible assets 10 633.5 636.3 Property  plant and equipment 10 618.7 617.9 Right-of-use assets 10 253.9 253.1 Investments in joint ventures and associates (restated*) 9.0 10.2 Other investments (restated*) 17.7 4.6 Loans to associates and joint ventures 0.4 0.2 Financial assets relating to PPP contracts - 123.4 Derivative financial instruments 16 0.1 1.2 Other receivables 1.1 3.7 Deferred tax assets 28.0 35.6 1 562.4 1 686.2 Current assets Inventories 23.4 25.2 Investments - 10.9 Loans to associates and joint ventures 0.6 0.8 Financial assets relating to PPP contracts - 7.6 Trade and other receivables 245.6 289.6 Derivative financial instruments 16 1.3 0.4 Current tax receivable 6.2 1.5 Cash and cash equivalents – including restricted cash 11 79.0 62.7 356.1 398.7 Assets classified as held for sale 12 137.7 0.6 493.8 399.3 Total assets 2 056.2 2 085.5 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Borrowings 11 (574.4) (681.6) Derivative financial instruments 16 - (2.6) Other non-current liabilities (11.0) (34.7) Defined benefit pension schemes deficits 15 (12.9) (9.3) Provisions 14 (177.5) (298.2) Deferred tax liabilities (44.9) (46.4) (820.7) (1 072.8) Current liabilities Borrowings 11 (120.6) (66.8) Derivative financial instruments 16 - (1.9) Trade and other payables (473.9) (521.8) Current tax payable (20.5) (31.2) Provisions 14 (21.5) (43.7) (636.5) (665.4) Liabilities of disposal group classified as held for sale 12 (285.0) - (921.5) (665.4) Total liabilities (1 742.2) (1 738.2) Net assets 314.0 347.3 Issued capital and reserves attributable to the owners of the parent Share capital 100.1 99.8 Share premium 474.5 474.1 Exchange reserve (14.4) (12.2) Retained earnings (259.2) (224.5) 301.0 337.2 Non-controlling interests 13.0 10.1 Total equity 314.0 347.3* Restated to show investments in joint ventures and associates separately with details given in note 2 Basis of preparation.Consolidated Statement of Changes in EquityFor the year ended 31 March 2024Sharecapital€m Sharepremium€m Exchange reserve€m Retainedearnings€m Non-controllinginterests€m Totalequity€m Balance at 1 April 2023 99.8 474.1 (12.2) (224.5) 10.1 347.3 (Loss) profit for the year - - - (34.1) 3.2 (30.9) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Exchange loss on translation of foreign subsidiaries - - (2.2) - - (2.2) Fair value movement on cash flow hedges - - - 4.2 - 4.2 Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension schemes - - - (6.7) - (6.7) Fair value movement on unlisted investments - - - 1.8 - 1.8 Tax in respect of other comprehensive income items - - - 0.5 - 0.5 Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method - - - 0.1 - 0.1 Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year - - (2.2) (34.2) 3.2 (33.2) Dividend paid to non-controlling interests - - - - (0.3) (0.3) Share-based compensation - - - 1.2 - 1.2 Proceeds from exercise of employee options 0.3 0.4 - - - 0.7 Own shares purchased by the Employee Share Trust - - - (1.7) - (1.7) Balance as at 31 March 2024 100.1 474.5 (14.4) (259.2) 13.0 314.0 Balance at 1 April 2022 99.5 473.8 (14.7) (276.9) 7.0 288.7 Profit for the year - - - 62.9 3.7 66.6 Other comprehensive income (loss): Exchange gain on translation of foreign subsidiaries - - 2.5 - - 2.5 Fair value movement on cash flow hedges - - - 3.7 - 3.7 Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension schemes - - - (15.5) - (15.5) Tax in respect of other comprehensive income items - - - 4.5 - 4.5 Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method - - - 0.3 - 0.3 Total comprehensive income for the year - - 2.5 55.9 3.7 62.1 Dividend paid to non-controlling interests - - - - (0.6) (0.6) Share-based compensation - - - 2.7 - 2.7 Movement on tax arising on share-based compensation - - - (0.9) - (0.9) Proceeds from exercise of employee options 0.3 0.3 - - - 0.6 Own shares purchased by the Employee Share Trust - - - (5.3) - (5.3) Balance as at 31 March 2023 99.8 474.1 (12.2) (224.5) 10.1 347.3Consolidated Statement of Cash FlowsFor the year ended 31 March 2024Note 2024€m Restated*2023€m Profit before tax from continuing operations 60.1 115.0 Finance income 6 (1.5) (0.9) Finance charges 6 39.5 27.7 Share of results from associates and joint ventures (0.5) (0.3) Operating profit from continuing operations 97.6 141.5 Operating loss from discontinued operations 12 (60.0) (20.1) Impairment of non-current assets within disposal group 12 63.5 - Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets 10 12.4 10.5 Depreciation and impairment of property  plant and equipment 10 71.3 69.5 Depreciation and impairment of right-of-use assets 10 53.2 49.1 Impairment of investment in associate - 0.9 Net gain on disposal of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (1.9) (3.0) Portfolio management and provision movements in non-trading and exceptional items 5 (13.2) 19.9 Net decrease in provisions 14 (20.4) (34.1) Payment related to committed funding of the defined benefit pension schemes (3.5) (3.5) Share-based compensation 1.2 2.7 Operating cash flows before movement in working capital 200.2 233.4 Increase in inventories (1.2) (2.1) Decrease (increase) in receivables 15.7 (12.2) Decrease in payables (9.7) (9.5) Cash flows from operating activities 205.0 209.6 Income tax paid (36.3) (21.2) Net cash inflow from operating activities 168.7 188.4 Investing activities Purchases of intangible assets 10 (13.3) (9.9) Purchases of property  plant and equipment 10 (86.1) (115.0) Proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment 10 20.2 6.8 Acquisition of subsidiary  net of cash acquired 13 (1.4) (53.5) Disposal of subsidiary and business assets net of acquisition of business assets 13 1.6 1.1 Net movements in associates  joint ventures and other short-term investments (0.2) (1.3) Outflows in respect of PPP arrangements under the financial asset model net of capital received 5.9 6.0 Finance income 10.8 10.6 Net cash outflow from investing activities (62.5) (155.2) Financing activities Finance charges and loan fees paid (41.9) (31.3) Investment in own shares by the Employee Share Trust (1.7) (5.3) Proceeds from share issues 0.7 0.6 Dividend paid to non-controlling interest (0.3) (0.6) Repayment of retail bonds - (100.0) Proceeds from bank borrowings 11 439.5 565.0 Repayment of bank borrowings 11 (402.1) (405.6) Repayment of PPP debt 11 (5.3) (8.1) Repayment of obligations under lease liabilities 11 (55.3) (47.5) Net cash outflow from financing activities (66.4) (32.8) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 39.8 0.4 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 1.0 (1.3) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 62.7 63.6 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 103.5 62.7 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year Cash and cash equivalents – relating to continuing operations 11 79.0 62.7 Cash and cash equivalents – within assets held for sale 12 24.5 - 103.5 62.7* The 2023 comparatives have been restated to reclassify discontinued operations and details are given in note 2 Basis of preparation and note 12.Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements1. General informationRenewi plc is a public limited company listed on the London Stock Exchange with a secondary listing on Euronext Amsterdam. Renewi plc is incorporated and domiciled in Scotland under the Companies Act 2006  registered number SC077438. The address of the registered office is 16 Charlotte Square  Edinburgh  EH2 4DF. The nature of the Group’s operations and its principal activities are set out in note 3.2. Basis of preparationThe financial information for the year ended 31 March 2024 as set out in this preliminary announcement does not constitute the statutory accounts of the Group for the relevant year within the meaning of section 435 of the Companies Act 2006. The financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024 are audited. These accounts will be finalised on the basis of the financial information presented by the Directors in the preliminary announcement and will be delivered to the Registrar of Companies following the Company’s annual general meeting. The Consolidated Income Statement  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 March 2023 and the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2023 have been derived from the full Group accounts published in the Annual Report and Accounts 2023 with restatements as explained below. These have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies and on which the report of the independent auditors was unqualified  unmodified and did not contain a statement under section 498(2) or section 498(3) of the Companies Act 2006.The financial information in this preliminary announcement has been prepared with regards to UK adopted international accounting standards. The Group has applied all accounting standards and interpretations issued relevant to its operations and effective for accounting periods beginning on 1 April 2023. The IFRS accounting policies have been applied consistently to all periods presented and throughout the Group for the purpose of the consolidated financial statements.Going concernThe Directors have adopted the going concern basis in preparing these consolidated financial statements after assessing the Group's principal risks including an assessment of the impact of adverse macroeconomic conditions and the funding required for the UK Municipal divestment.The Directors have carried out a comprehensive assessment of the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. This assessment has involved the review of medium-term cash flow and covenant modelling over a 24-month period to 31 March 2026. This includes expectations on the future economic environment as well as other principal risks associated with the Group’s ongoing operations including the expected cash outflow including transaction costs of €154m on the completion of the UK Municipal divestment and the planned repayment of €75m retail bonds in July 2024 and €10m EUPP repayment in December 2025. The assessment includes a base case scenario setting out the Directors’ current expectations of future trading and a downside scenario to assess the potential impact on the Group’s future financial performance.The key judgement in both scenarios is the possibility of weaker macroeconomic conditions  delivery of the year on year profit enhancements together with the Group’s ability to finance the funding of the UK Municipal exit and settle all other funding repayments as they fall due. The repayment of the €75m retail bond in July 2024 will be financed by drawdown on the Group’s revolving credit facility whilst retaining significant liquidity headroom. As set out in the borrowings section  the Group had unutilised committed borrowings of €226.5m at 31 March 2024 available for drawdown subject to the financial covenants. The key financial covenants are leverage ratio which is based on net debt to covenant defined EBITDA and interest cover which is the ratio of covenant defined interest to covenant defined EBIT. The funding for the UK Municipal divestment is forecast to be required in September 2024 and to ensure sufficient headroom is in place the Group has obtained a signed commitment letter for a €120m bridge facility with three of its existing lenders. On completing the relevant facility agreements that will be based on the Group’s existing green finance facility agreement and covenants  the bridge facility will be available for drawdown as and when required and is expected to be in place by July 2024. In addition to this  the Group will continue to utilise its invoice discounting facility whereby certain of its trade receivables are sold for an upfront cash payment on a regular basis. Post this transaction in the base case the Group has sufficient liquidity and headroom in its banking facilities and no covenants are breached at any of the forecast testing dates.The downside scenario includes significantly weaker macroeconomic conditions leading to volume declines below the forecast economic outlook in all our territories in the current year and into FY26. Other downsides include a decline in recyclate prices from the current levels to below long-term averages along with operational downtime in some of our plants and reduced delivery of additional cost savings and operational improvements. These adverse factors before any mitigating actions reduce FY25 and FY26 underlying EBIT by 33% and 30% respectively compared to the base case. A number of mitigating actions have been applied to our downside modelling reducing the underlying EBIT shortfall in FY25 to 16% lower than the base case. These include the postponement of growth capital expenditure  reduction in certain SG&A costs and central contingencies and the rephasing of certain project costs. In this downside scenario the Group retains sufficient liquidity headroom in its banking facilities. The leverage covenant is not breached at any of the forecast testing dates. The interest cover covenant falls close to its covenant level at March 2025 and then starts to increase throughout FY26. There are other possible restructuring programmes under consideration that could be instigated which have not been included in this downside scenario.Given that the interest cover covenant ends up close to its covenant level in the downside scenario a reverse stress test calculation has not been performed.Having considered all the key judgements around the financial projections  including the availability of financing and the achievability of mitigating actions included and other levers not included  the Directors confirm they have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and to meet all banking covenants.In accordance with Provision 31 of the UK Corporate Governance Code  the Directors have also assessed the prospects and financial viability of the Company for a period longer than the 12 months from the approval of the financial statements required in the going concern assessment.Changes in presentationDiscontinued operationsOn 28 September 2023 the Group announced that a comprehensive review of the UK Municipal business was being undertaken  and it was exploring a range of options to achieve an exit from this segment. Towards the end of March 2024  the Board decided to pursue a conclusion with the preferred party and as a result  on 30 May 2024  the Group has entered into a binding agreement to sell UK Municipal to Biffa Limited  a leading UK-wide integrated waste management business. The criteria for asset held for sale have been met after the Board meeting in March 2024 and therefore the UK Municipal assets and liabilities are presented as held for sale. The UK Municipal disposal (previously reported within the Specialities division) meets the definition of a discontinued operation as stated in IFRS 5 Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations  therefore the net results are presented as discontinued operations in the Income Statement and the prior year Income Statement  Statement of Comprehensive Income  Statement of Cash Flows and related notes have been restated.Investments in joint ventures and associatesIn the prior year the investments in joint ventures and associates were combined with other unlisted investments on the face of the balance sheet under the heading ‘Investments.’ In the current year management have improved the disclosure by showing investments in joint ventures and associates separately on the face of the balance sheet.Adoption of new and revised accounting standardsNo accounting standards  amendments or revisions to existing standards or interpretations have been effective which had a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial results or position.The amendment to IAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies requires companies to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. The result of applying the amended requirements is to reduce the volume of accounting policies disclosed.New standards and interpretations not yet adoptedStandards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) are only applicable if endorsed by the UK Endorsement Board (UKEB). At the date of approval of these financial statements there were no new IFRSs or IFRS Interpretation Committee interpretations which were early adopted by the Group.The following amendments are effective for the period beginning 1 April 2024:IAS 7/IFRS 7 (Amendment - Disclosure of Supplier Finance Arrangements)IFRS 16 (Amendment – Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback)IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (Amendment – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current)IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (Amendment – Non-current Liabilities with Covenants)The following amendments are effective for the period beginning 1 April 2025:IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates (Amendment – Lack of Exchangeability)The Group does not expect a significant impact from any of the new accounting standards and amendments.Exchange RatesIn addition to the Group’s presentational currency of Euros  the most significant currency for the Group is Sterling with the closing rate on 31 March 2024 of €1:£0.855 (2023: €1:£0.879) and an average rate for the year ended 31 March 2024 of €1:£0.866 (2023: €1:£0.870).Critical accounting judgements and estimatesThe preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements  estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities  income and expenditure. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity are set out below and in more detail in the related notes. Critical estimates are defined as those that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on factors including historical experience and expectations of future events that are considered to be relevant and reasonable. These estimates  assumptions and judgements are reviewed on an ongoing basis.Judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policiesUse of alternative performance measuresThe Group uses alternative performance measures as we believe these measures provide additional useful information on the underlying trends  performance and position of the Group. These underlying measures are used by the Group for internal performance analysis and incentive compensation arrangements for employees. The term ‘underlying’ refers to the relevant measure being reported for continuing operations excluding non-trading and exceptional items. These include underlying earnings before interest and tax (underlying EBIT)  underlying profit before tax  underlying profit after tax  underlying earnings per share and underlying EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation). The terms ‘EBIT’  ‘EBITDA’  ‘exceptional items’  ‘adjusted’ and ‘underlying’ are not defined terms under IFRS and may therefore not be comparable with similarly titled profit measures reported by other companies. These measures are not intended to be a substitute for  or superior to  GAAP measurements of profit. A full list of alternative performance measures together with reconciliations are set out in note 18.Non-trading and exceptional itemsIn establishing which items are disclosed separately as non-trading and exceptional to enable a better understanding of the underlying financial performance of the Group  management exercise judgement in assessing the size  nature or incidence of specific items. A policy for non-trading and exceptional items is followed consistently and is submitted to the Audit Committee forannual review. See note 5 for further details of the costs included within this category.Assets held for sale and discontinued operationsManagement has used judgement to determine that the criteria of IFRS 5 Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations have been met  as at 31 March 2024  for the intended disposal of the UK Municipal business that was underway. Management judgement has also been used when determining whether to include certain current assets and current liabilities within the UK Municipal disposal group held for sale and in considering the appropriate treatment of the additional pre-tax loss on remeasurement of the assets held for sale of €63.5m. It is expected that an excess payment is made to the purchaser  therefore there is an impairment under IFRS 5 above the net liability position. This is first allocated to all in IFRS 5 scope non-current assets. IFRS 5 does not provide any guidance regarding how to account for any excess of impairment where in-scope non-current assets are already fully written down. An accounting policy has been adopted where the excess impairment is allocated to the non-current financial assets relating to PPP contracts.Key sources of estimation uncertaintyLandfill related provisionsThe Group has landfill related provisions of €161.9m (2023: €164.5m). These provisions are long term in nature and are recognised at the net present value of the best estimate of the likely future cash flows to settle the Group’s obligations. The period of aftercare post-closure and the level of costs expected are uncertain and could be impacted by changes in inflation  legislation and technology and can vary significantly from site to site. The timings of cash outflows are uncertain and have been based on management’s latest expectations. A discount rate is applied to recognise the time value of money and is unwound over the life of the provision.Onerous contract provisionsOnerous contract provisions arise when the unavoidable costs of meeting contractual obligations exceed the cash flows expected. The Group has total onerous contract provisions of €131.2m (2023: €141.9m)  including those disclosed within disposal group held for sale  which have been provided for at the lower of the net present value of either exiting the contract or fulfilling our obligations under the contract. The most significant component of these provisions relates to UK Municipal PPP contracts which amount to €129.5m (2023: €139.3m)  which have now been transferred to the disposal group as shown in note 12. The provisions have been based on the best estimate of likely future cash flows including assumptions on inflationary increases  tonnage inputs  off-take availability and recyclates pricing. The contracts include revenue inflationary clauses which together with cost inflation are sources of estimation uncertainty. A discount rate is applied to recognise the time value of money and is unwound over the life of the provision.TaxationIn the first instance management will always use deferred tax liabilities  relating to the same tax authority and the same taxable entity  that are already recognised as a source of taxable profits. The recognition of deferred tax assets in excess of the reversal of deferred tax liabilities  particularly in respect of tax losses  is based upon management’s judgement in the calculation of the probable expected taxable profits in the relevant legal entity or tax group against which to utilise the assets in the future. In respect of tax losses  the time expiry period  if any  is also taken into account in the calculation. The Group assesses the availability of future taxable profits using available long-term forecasts. The predictability of income streams is taken into consideration in the recognition of deferred tax assets. The longest period of forecasts used to calculate deferred tax recovery is ten years. This period reflects management’s estimate of the higher probability profit streams due to income streams from internal receivables which are highly predictable and likely to continue for the foreseeable future. The intention is to avoid the recognition of a deferred tax asset that is not ultimately recovered. Provisions have been recognised where necessary in respect of any uncertain tax positions in the Group  including uncertainty over whether the relevant tax authority will accept the tax treatment and are based upon management’s evaluation of the potential outcomes of the relevant discussions with the tax authorities.Other areas of focusWhilst not considered to be critical accounting judgements or key sources of estimation uncertainty  the following are areas of focus for management:Assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of goodwill and other assetsImpairment testing of goodwill is carried out annually at a cash generating unit (CGU) level. The Group estimates the recoverable amount of a CGU using a value in use model which involves an estimation of future cash flows and applying appropriate discount and long-term growth rates. The future cash flows are derived from approved forecasts which have taken into account current and forecast economic conditions. The Group assesses the impairment of tangible assets  intangible assets and investments whenever there is reason to believe that the carrying value may exceed the fair value and where a permanent impairment in value is anticipated. The determination of whether the impairment of these assets is necessary involves the use of estimates that include  but is not limited to  the analysis of the cause  the timing and expected future cash flows.Assumptions used to determine the carrying amount of the Group’s defined benefit pension schemesThe calculation of the present value of the defined benefit pension schemes is determined by using actuarial valuations based on assumptions including discount rate  life expectancy and inflation rates.Waste disposal cost accrualsManagement have used judgement in determining the value of disposal cost accruals with a carrying amount included in accruals and other payables of €45.3m (2023: €51.8m). Included in this is €20.2m (2023: €21.1m) relating to previously processed soil and other materials at ATM. The value is determined by management’s best estimate after carrying out an assessment of the cost per tonne to dispose of the waste based on historical transactions  signed contracts  discussions with potential customers and knowledge of the market  as in some cases there is no observable market data. Management carry out sensitivity analysis on a range of potential outcomes and an increase or reduction of the cost per tonne by 10% would impact the ATM accrual by €2.0m. It is expected that the disposal of certain components will take longer than 12 months and consequently €11m has been recorded as a non-current liability.Consideration of climate changeIn preparing the financial statements  the Directors have considered the impact of climate change  particularly in the context of the risks identified as part of the work on the Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Sustainability is recognised as a growth driver for Renewi  directly aligned to its purpose to protect the world by giving life to used materials  and is considered in all key decisions across all management levels. The Directors have commenced a pilot quantitative exercise based on certain risks identified in the TCFD disclosures and now have models that greatly enhance our understanding of the potential impact of these risks on revenue and operating costs  where relevant.Physical climate change poses risks to our operations and supply chain. However  mitigation measures are either already in place  or are in the process of being further developed. In response to increased impacts from extreme heat  we continually invest to avoid and mitigate the impact of fires as one of the greatest operational risks in the waste industry. These investments are in processes and systems of fire prevention  detection  and suppression.Climate change is not considered to have a material adverse impact on the financial reporting judgements and estimates. In particular  the impact of climate change has been considered in respect of the following areas in both the medium and long term:Going concern and viability of the Group over the next three yearsCash flow forecasts used in the impairment assessments of non-current assets including goodwill  customer contracts and deferred tax assetsCarrying value and useful economic lives of property  plant and equipment.The Directors are aware of the ever-changing risk of climate change and will regularly assess these risks against judgements and estimates made in preparation of the Group’s financial statements.3. Segmental reportingThe Group’s chief operating decision maker is considered to be the Board of Directors. The Group’s reportable segments are determined with reference to the information provided to the Board of Directors  in order for it to allocate the Group’s resources and to monitor the performance of the Group. These segments are unchanged from March 2023 and are set out below:Commercial Waste Collection and treatment of commercial waste in the Netherlands and Belgium. Mineralz & Water Decontamination  stabilisation and re-use of highly contaminated materials to produce certified secondary products for the construction industry in the Netherlands and Belgium. Specialities Processing plants focusing on recycling and diverting specific waste streams. The continuing operations are in the Netherlands  Belgium  France and Portugal  with the UK operations classified as discontinued in the year. Group central services Head office corporate function.The profit measure the Board of Directors uses to evaluate performance is underlying EBIT. The Group accounts for inter-segment trading on an arm’s length basis.The Commercial Waste reportable segment includes the Netherlands Commercial Waste and Belgium Commercial Waste operating segments which have been aggregated and reported as one reportable segment as they operate in similar markets in relation to the nature of the products  services  processes and type of customer.Revenue 2024€m Restated*2023€m Netherlands Commercial Waste 911.5 932.0 Belgium Commercial Waste 476.2 468.4 Intra-segment (3.0) (3.1) Commercial Waste 1 384.7 1 397.3 Mineralz & Water 181.6 190.9 Specialities 175.2 160.2 Inter-segment revenue (52.3) (44.5) Total revenue from continuing operations 1 689.2 1 703.9* The comparatives have been restated to classify the UK Municipal segment (previously reported within the Specialities segment) as a discontinued operation.Results 2024€m Restated*2023€m Netherlands Commercial Waste 52.9 76.9 Belgium Commercial Waste 45.6 52.4 Commercial Waste 98.5 129.3 Mineralz & Water 9.6 0.5 Specialities 16.3 15.9 Group central services (18.9) (14.0) Underlying EBIT from continuing operations 105.5 131.7 Non-trading and exceptional items (note 5) (7.9) 9.8 Operating profit from continuing operations 97.6 141.5 Finance income (note 6) 1.5 0.9 Finance charges (note 6) (39.5) (27.7) Share of results from associates and joint ventures 0.5 0.3 Profit before taxation and discontinued operations 60.1 115.0* The comparatives have been restated to classify the UK Municipal segment (previously reported within the Specialities segment) as a discontinued operation.Net assets Commercial Waste€m Mineralz &Water€m Specialities€m Group central services€m Tax  netdebt and derivatives€m Total continuing operations€m Discontinued operations€m Total€m 31 March 2024 Gross non-current assets 1 148.0 257.7 84.6 44.0 28.1 1 562.4 - 1 562.4 Gross current assets 200.7 26.5 39.6 8.2 86.5 361.5 132.3 493.8 Gross liabilities (392.2) (212.7) (42.9) (49.0) (760.4) (1 457.2) (285.0) (1 742.2) Net assets (liabilities) 956.5 71.5 81.3 3.2 (645.8) 466.7 (152.7) 314.0 31 March 2023 Gross non-current assets 1 143.8 262.6 211.1 31.9 36.8 1 686.2 - 1 686.2 Gross current assets 206.6 35.2 75.0 17.9 64.6 399.3 - 399.3 Gross liabilities (379.3) (216.5) (239.0) (72.9) (830.5) (1 738.2) - (1 738.2) Net assets (liabilities) 971.1 81.3 47.1 (23.1) (729.1) 347.3 - 347.34. RevenueThe following tables show the Group’s continuing revenue by type of service delivered and by primary geographical markets:By type of service Commercial Waste€m Mineralz &Water€m Specialities*€m Inter-segment€m Total€m 2024 Inbound 1 129.0 163.5 34.6 (47.4) 1 279.7 Outbound 165.0 18.1 140.0 (4.6) 318.5 On-site 66.9 - - (0.3) 66.6 Other 23.8 - 0.6 - 24.4 Total revenue 1 384.7 181.6 175.2 (52.3) 1 689.2 2023 restated* Inbound 1 089.6 153.2 27.0 (40.0) 1 229.8 Outbound 218.0 37.7 132.6 (4.3) 384.0 On-site 63.6 - - (0.2) 63.4 Other 26.1 - 0.6 - 26.7 Total revenue 1 397.3 190.9 160.2 (44.5) 1 703.9By geographical market Commercial Waste€m Mineralz &Water€m Specialities*€m Inter-segment€m Total€m 2024 Netherlands 910.2 163.8 78.0 (49.4) 1 102.6 Belgium 474.5 17.8 46.1 (2.9) 535.5 France - - 29.9 - 29.9 Other - - 21.2 - 21.2 Total revenue 1 384.7 181.6 175.2 (52.3) 1 689.2 2023 restated* Netherlands 931.2 159.2 69.3 (42.2) 1 117.5 Belgium 466.1 31.7 46.6 (2.3) 542.1 UK* - - - - - France - - 27.1 - 27.1 Other - - 17.2 - 17.2 Total revenue 1 397.3 190.9 160.2 (44.5) 1 703.9* The comparatives have been restated to classify the UK Municipal segment as a discontinued operation.Revenue from continuing operations recognised at a point in time amounted to €1 460.3m (2023: €1 483.1m) with the remainder recognised over time. The majority of the Commercial Waste and Specialities revenue is recognised at a point in time  whereas for Mineralz & Water 70% of revenue (2023: 62%) is recognised over time.5. Non-trading and exceptional itemsTo improve the understanding of the Group’s financial performance  items which are not considered to reflect the underlying performance are presented as non-trading and exceptional items. Items classified as non-trading and exceptional are disclosed separately due to their size or incidence to enable a better understanding of performance. These include  but are not limited to  significant impairments  significant restructuring of the activities of an entity including employee associated severance costs  acquisition and disposal related transaction costs  significant fires  onerous contracts arising from restructuring activities or if significant in size  profit or loss on disposal of properties or subsidiaries as these are irregular  the impact of terminating hedge derivatives  ineffectiveness of derivative financial instruments  the impact of changing the discount rate on provisions  amortisation of acquisition related intangibles and one-off tax credits or charges. The amortisation charge on acquisition related intangible assets is excluded from underlying results due to its non-trading nature in the same way as other significant items from M&A activity are excluded. The performance of the acquired business is assessed as part of the Group’s underlying revenue and EBIT. By excluding this amortisation charge there is comparability across divisions and reporting periods.2024€m Restated*2023€m Renewi 2.0 improvement programme 1.0 3.7 Portfolio management activity: Merger and acquisition related activity 1.0 - Prior years disposals (2.1) (1.7) Business line closure in the Mineralz & Water division 5.5 - Disposal of business assets in the Mineralz & Water division - (3.8) 4.4 (5.5) Changes in long-term provisions: Changes in discount rate (1.5) 4.1 Release of legal provision relating to the alleged State Aid claim in Belgium - (15.1) (1.5) (11.0) Other items: Restructuring programme 5.8 - Property disposals and other (7.9) - Reversal of prior year property  plant and equipment impairment - (2.0) (2.1) (2.0) Amortisation of acquisition related intangibles 6.1 5.0 Non-trading and exceptional items in profit before tax 7.9 (9.8) Tax on non-trading and exceptional items (1.2) (1.8) Total non-trading and exceptional items in profit after tax (continuing operations) 6.7 (11.6) Discontinued operations: Changes in discount rate (3.2) (5.8) Impairment of non-current assets within disposal group & other related expenses 64.5 - UK Municipal reassessment of onerous contract provisions - 27.1 Ineffectiveness and impact of termination of cash flow hedges (0.2) (0.9) Non-trading and exceptional items in profit before tax 61.1 20.4 Tax on non-trading and exceptional items (see note 12) 11.5 0.2 Total non-trading and exceptional items in profit after tax (discontinued operations) 72.6 20.6 Total non-trading and exceptional items in profit after tax 79.3 9.0* The comparatives have been restated to classify the UK Municipal segment as a discontinued operation.Renewi 2.0 improvement programmeAs noted in the year to March 2023 financial statements  the programme is now completed with final costs of €1.0m coming through and the €20m run rate of savings have now been delivered. The costs in the year of €1.0m (2023: €3.7m) were recorded in administrative expenses.Portfolio management activityDuring the year certain operations in the Mineralz & Water division were ceased  generating a loss of €5.5m  including impairment charge of €2.3m. The current year M&A related activity costs of €1.0m (2023: €nil) relate to strategic initiatives. The prior years disposals credit of €2.1m (2023: €1.7m) related to the release of a provision for a previous business disposal following the closure of outstanding tax matters at 31 March 2024. The credit recognised in the prior year relates to an insurance claim recovery in relation to a prior disposal. In the prior year certain business assets in the Mineralz & Water division were sold generating a profit of €3.8m. These are all recorded in administrative expenses. The line item portfolio management and provision movements in non-trading and exceptional items in the Statement of Cash Flows includes an add back of €2.0m credit (2023: €5.5m) and the line item disposal of subsidiary and business assets net of acquisition of business assets includes the cash inflow of €nil (2023: €1.7m) from portfolio management activity.Changes in long-term provisionsThe credit for changes in discount rate of €1.5m is a result of the annual reassessment of risk free rates which have impacted all long-term provisions. The prior year charge of €4.1m  restated for the reclassification of discontinued operations  related to the annual reassessment of risk free rates which impacted all long-term provisions.On 3 March 2023  the European Commission concluded its formal investigation and determined that the Belgian Walloon Region did not provide State Aid to the Group and therefore the provision of €15.1m has been released.The total credit of €1.5m (2023: €11.0m credit) was split €1.5m (2023: €4.1m charge) to cost of sales and €nil (2023: €15.1m credit) to administrative expenses. The line item portfolio management and provision movements in non-trading and exceptional items in the Statement of Cash Flows reflects an add back of the credit of €4.7m (2023: €25.4m charge) from changes in provisions.Other itemsThe €5.8m restructuring programme cost in the year relates to an ongoing SG&A cost saving programme.The €7.9m credit for property disposals during the year includes profit from the disposal of the Hemweg site in Amsterdam and others.In the prior year the reversal of a prior year property  plant and equipment impairment of €2.0m related to the Maltha CGU within Specialities as a result of improvement in performance.The total credit of €2.1m (2023: €2.0m) was split",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.33,0.18,True,English,"['FY24 Full Year Results', 'Commitments', 'leading UK-wide integrated waste management business', 'existing revolving credit facility', 'competitively priced debt financing', 'challenging Dutch construction market', 'unpredictable UK Municipal liabilities', 'FY24 Full Year Results', 'leading European waste', '€120m bridge facility', 'Otto de Bont', 'advanced recycling markets', 'Onerous Contract Provisions', 'future capital outflows', 'future contractual obligations', 'customary closing adjustments', 'GBP/EUR exchange rate', 'Solid volume development', 'new sales strategy', 'Core net debt', 'free cash flow', 'total cash impact', 'UK Municipal business', 'UK Municipals’ ability', 'UK Listing Rule', 'EBIT margin expansion', 'strong strategic backing', 'UK municipal landscape', 'UK Municipal customers', 'normal course capitalisation', '2.1x EBITDA Dividend', 'UK Municipal operations', 'UK Municipal divestment', 'FY24 Financial Highlights', 'core business', 'management time', 'Commercial Waste', 'UK market', 'net cost', 'nominal cash', 'cash generation', 'financial year', 'financial results', 'UK LAW', 'EUROPEAN UNION', 'final dividend', 'FY24 Strategic', 'continuing operations', 'Operational Highlights', 'strategic review', 'financial position', 'strategic initiatives', 'underlying EBIT', 'WITHDRAWAL) ACT', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'product company', 'binding agreement', 'transformational moment', 'cashflow improvements', 'shareholder value', 'operational expertise', 'separate RNS', 'balance sheet', 'stronger growth', 'shareholder returns', 'scale operator', 'limited suite', 'other consents', 'gross assets', 'Statutory loss', 'lower profits', 'exceptional charge', 'final quarter', 'pre-completion capitalisation', 'The Divestment', 'Transaction Highlights', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'RWI.AS', 'substantial profit', 'other stakeholders', 'statutory profit', 'Netherlands st', 'The Capitalisation', 'transaction costs', 'Renewi plc', 'Biffa Limited', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'PURPOSES', 'ARTICLE', 'REGULATION', 'PART', 'VIRTUE', 'May', 'Commitments', 'Group', 'LSE', 'full-year', 'March', 'September', 'CEO', 'portfolio', 'attractive', 'presence', 'home', 'annum', 'risks', 'OCPs', 'conventional', 'visibility', 'resources', 'combination', 'reduction', 'target', 'medium-term', 'improved', 'margins', 'accelerated', 'deleveraging', 'employees', '31 December', 'receipt', 'regulatory', 'period', 'Disposal', 'tax', 'Revenue', 'FY23', '5p', 'Belgium', 'legislation', 'Volumes', 'implementation']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41884,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/5207d577785ab149,Want to tap a $16tn opportunity? These financial markets firms just paved the way,BlackRock CEO Larry Fink’s end goal of tokenising traditional assets just got a power-boost from three massive firms providing the plumbing of global financial markets. The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation  Euroclear  and Clearstream put out a whitep…,BlackRock CEO Larry Fink’s end goal of tokenising traditional assets just got a power-boost from three massive firms providing the plumbing of global financial markets.The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation  Euroclear  and Clearstream put out a whitepaper this week.It outlines principles for safe and reliable tokenisation of assets like stocks and bonds — paving the…This story appeared on dlnews.com   .,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['financial markets firms', '$16tn opportunity', 'way', 'BlackRock CEO Larry Fink', 'three massive firms', 'global financial markets', 'The Depository Trust', 'end goal', 'Clearing Corporation', 'reliable tokenisation', 'traditional assets', 'power-boost', 'plumbing', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'whitepaper', 'principles', 'safe', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'story', 'dlnews.']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,biztoc.com
41885,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KION-GROUP-AG-13495387/news/KION-Dividend-Announcement-46861075/,KION : Dividend Announcement,(marketscreener.com)   Page 1   KION GROUP AG   Frankfurt am Main   ISIN: DE000KGX8881   WKN: KGX888   Dividend announcement   The Annual General Meeting of KION GROUP AG resolved on 29 May 2024 to appropriate the balance sheet profit...ht…,Page 1KION GROUP AGFrankfurt am MainISIN: DE000KGX8881WKN: KGX888Dividend announcementThe Annual General Meeting of KION GROUP AG resolved on 29 May 2024 to appropriate the balance sheet profit for the 2023 financial year in the amount of EUR 189 083 944.36 as follows:Payment of a dividend of EUR 0.70 per no-par value share carrying dividend rights EUR 91 787 339.70 Appropriation to revenue reserves EUR 97 000 000.00 Profit carried forward EUR 296 604.66 Balance sheet profit EUR 189 083 944.36As of 3 June 2024  the dividend will generally be paid by the custodian banks via Clearstream Banking AG  Frankfurt am Main  subject to the deduction of 25 % capital gains tax and 5.5 % solidarity surcharge on the capital gains tax (i.e. a total of 26.375 %) and  if applicable  church tax on the capital gains tax.The deduction of capital gains tax and the solidarity surcharge does not apply to shareholders with unlimited tax liability who have submitted a so-callednon-assessment certificate or a so-called exemption order with sufficient exemption volume to their custodian bank.In the case of shareholders with limited tax liability  the capital gains tax withheld  including the solidarity surcharge  may be reduced upon application in accordance with existing double taxation agreements between the Federal Republic of Germany and the country concerned.Frankfurt am Main  May 2024KION GROUP AGThe Executive Board,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Dividend Announcement', 'KION', 'existing double taxation agreements', 'Frankfurt am Main ISIN', 'KION GROUP AG', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'The Executive Board', 'unlimited tax liability', 'sufficient exemption volume', 'balance sheet profit', '25 % capital gains tax', 'church tax', 'exemption order', 'DE000KGX8881 WKN', '2023 financial year', 'value share', 'revenue reserves', 'custodian banks', '5.5 % solidarity surcharge', 'assessment certificate', 'Federal Republic', 'Dividend announcement', 'dividend rights', 'Page', '29 May', 'amount', 'EUR', 'Payment', 'par', 'Appropriation', '3 June', 'deduction', 'total', 'shareholders', 'case', 'application', 'accordance', 'Germany', 'country']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_dd17f731-b15e-47c5-8fa9-0ec9b6f94244,Exploring Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam In May 2024,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'May', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,consent.yahoo.com
41887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_bb25ef89-f8e3-4810-92c9-0d3bc4e138c4,Top 3 Insider-Favored Growth Stocks On Euronext Paris In May 2024,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.14,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Top 3 Insider-Favored Growth Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'May', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,consent.yahoo.com
41888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-top-euronext-paris-dividend-060412138.html,3 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks Offering Up To 6.2% Yield,Amidst a backdrop of mixed performances across global markets  France's CAC 40 Index saw a modest decline last week. In such an environment  investors may...,Amidst a backdrop of mixed performances across global markets  France's CAC 40 Index saw a modest decline last week. In such an environment  investors may find reassurance in dividend stocks  which can offer potential income stability and attractive yields up to 6.2%  making them compelling considerations for those seeking to navigate uncertain market conditions.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.19% ★★★★★★ Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 8.40% ★★★★★★ CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.32% ★★★★★★ Fleury Michon (ENXTPA:ALFLE) 5.53% ★★★★★☆ Métropole Télévision (ENXTPA:MMT) 9.30% ★★★★★☆ VIEL & Cie société anonyme (ENXTPA:VIL) 3.77% ★★★★★☆ Sanofi (ENXTPA:SAN) 4.29% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 3.78% ★★★★★☆ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 3.96% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 7.14% ★★★★★☆Click here to see the full list of 33 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.We're going to check out a few of the best picks from our screener tool.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Exacompta Clairefontaine S.A. operates in the production  finishing  and formatting of papers across France  Europe  and other international markets with a market capitalization of approximately €191.22 million.Operations: Exacompta Clairefontaine S.A. generates revenue primarily through its Paper and Processing segments  with earnings of €368.58 million and €613.23 million respectively.Dividend Yield: 4%Exacompta Clairefontaine's dividends are well-supported by both earnings and cash flows  with a payout ratio of 17.6% and a cash payout ratio of 10.3%. While its dividend yield of 3.96% is below the top French dividend payers  the company has demonstrated reliability in its dividend payments over the past decade. Recent financials show robust growth with net income rising to €43.12 million from €27.06 million last year on sales of €843.25 million  indicating a strong financial position to sustain dividends.ENXTPA:ALEXA Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Rexel S.A. operates as a distributor of low and ultra-low voltage electrical products and services across residential  commercial  and industrial sectors in multiple regions including France  Europe  North America  and Asia-Pacific  with a market capitalization of approximately €8.31 billion.Operations: Rexel S.A. generates €19.15 billion in revenue from its wholesale electronics segment.Story continuesDividend Yield: 4.3%Rexel's dividends  with a 46.6% payout ratio and a 45.6% cash payout ratio  show reasonable coverage by earnings and cash flows despite its unstable dividend history over the past decade. The company's dividend yield of 4.3% is lower than many top French dividend stocks. Recently  Rexel reported Q1 sales of €4.71 billion  down 4.5%  but expects stable to slightly positive growth for 2024  suggesting cautious optimism for maintaining its dividend payments amidst modest earnings growth forecasts of 3.27% annually.ENXTPA:RXL Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: TF1 SA operates in broadcasting  studios and entertainment  and digital sectors both in France and internationally  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.85 billion.Operations: TF1 SA generates revenue through its Newen Studios segment at €385.70 million and its Media (including Digital) segment at €2.01 billion.Dividend Yield: 6.3%TF1 offers a dividend yield of 6.25%  ranking it in the upper quartile of French dividend stocks. Its dividends are well-supported by both earnings and cash flows  with payout ratios of 59.9% and 48.3% respectively  indicating sustainability despite a non-growing dividend history over the past decade. Recent financials show a steady increase  with Q1 sales rising to €511.9 million from €479.7 million year-over-year  and net income up to €29.7 million from €28.1 million  suggesting potential stability ahead.ENXTPA:TFI Dividend History as at May 2024Summing It All UpGet an in-depth perspective on all 33 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks by using our screener here.Are any of these part of your asset mix? Tap into the analytical power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to get a 360-degree view on how they're shaping up.Elevate your portfolio with Simply Wall St  the ultimate app for investors seeking global market coverage.Contemplating Other Strategies?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:ALEXA ENXTPA:RXL and ENXTPA:TFI.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.3,0.22,True,English,"['3 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', '6.2% Yield', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Métropole Télévision', '33 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', 'many top French dividend stocks', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', 'Cie société anonyme', 'top French dividend payers', 'ultra-low voltage electrical products', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine S.A.', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'modest earnings growth forecasts', 'unstable dividend history', 'RXL Dividend History', 'growing dividend history', 'TFI Dividend History', 'Rexel S.A.', 'wholesale electronics segment', 'ALEXA Dividend History', 'uncertain market conditions', 'other international markets', 'long-term focused analysis', 'Newen Studios segment', 'global market coverage', 'potential income stability', 'strong financial position', 'cash payout ratio', 'dividend payments', 'global markets', 'modest decline', 'screener tool', 'potential stability', 'analyst forecasts', '46.6% payout ratio', 'robust growth', 'positive growth', 'Digital) segment', 'reasonable coverage', 'Other Strategies', 'market capitalization', 'cash flows', 'payout ratios', 'net income', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'mixed performances', 'CAC 40 Index', 'attractive yields', 'CBo Territoria', 'Fleury Michon', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'full list', 'best picks', 'Processing segments', 'past decade', 'Recent financials', 'residential, commercial', 'industrial sectors', 'multiple regions', 'North America', 'cautious optimism', 'digital sectors', 'upper quartile', 'steady increase', 'depth perspective', 'asset mix', 'analytical power', '360-degree view', 'ultimate app', 'historical data', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'Q1 sales', 'TF1 SA', '33 stocks', 'backdrop', 'France', 'environment', 'investors', 'reassurance', 'ENXTPA', 'RUI', 'Samse', 'CBOT', 'ALFLE', 'MMT', 'VIEL', 'VIL', 'Sanofi', 'Arkema', 'AKE', 'ALPDX', 'Overview', 'production', 'finishing', 'formatting', 'papers', 'Europe', 'Operations', 'revenue', 'dividends', 'reliability', 'May', 'distributor', 'services', 'Asia-Pacific', 'broadcasting', 'entertainment', 'Media', 'sustainability', 'year', 'part', 'portfolio', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'Companies']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,finance.yahoo.com
41889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_48e08251-70ce-4975-9a15-1e77051c98b7,High Insider Ownership Growth Companies On Euronext Amsterdam To Watch In May 2024,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['High Insider Ownership Growth Companies', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'May', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,consent.yahoo.com
41890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-companies-high-060358625.html,Euronext Paris Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership And 68% Earnings Growth,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating European markets  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a modest decline  investors continue to seek stable investment...,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating European markets  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a modest decline  investors continue to seek stable investment opportunities that demonstrate potential for robust growth. In this context  growth companies in France with high insider ownership present an appealing profile  as such ownership often aligns management interests with shareholder goals and can signal confidence in the company's prospects.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 24.4% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.4% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 24.9% 92.9% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 68.8%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Here we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Believe S.A. operates as a provider of digital music services for independent labels and artists across regions including France  Germany  Europe  the Americas  Asia  Oceania  and the Pacific  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.46 billion.Operations: Believe S.A. generates revenue primarily through two segments: Premium Solutions  which brought in €825.12 million  and Automated Solutions  contributing €55.19 million.Insider Ownership: 10.9%Earnings Growth Forecast: 74.2% p.a.Believe S.A.  a French digital music company  is navigating significant corporate interest amid M&A discussions  with a recent bid rejection favoring internal shareholder consortium offers over external ones like Warner Music's. Financially  Believe is on an upward trajectory  reducing its net loss substantially from €29.76 million to €5.48 million year-over-year and projecting profitability within three years alongside robust revenue growth forecasts (14% annually). However  its return on equity remains low at 10.7%  indicating potential challenges in capital efficiency as it scales.ENXTPA:BLV Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across various therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €450.36 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  amounting to €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%Earnings Growth Forecast: 68.8% p.a.MedinCell  a French biotech company  is expected to achieve profitability within the next three years with its revenue forecasted to grow at 40.1% annually  significantly outpacing the French market's 5.8%. Despite trading at 66.7% below its estimated fair value and experiencing high share price volatility recently  MedinCell shows promise through innovative drug developments like TEV-‘749 for schizophrenia treatment in partnership with Teva Pharmaceuticals. However  a recent Phase 3 trial of their F14 drug did not meet its primary endpoint  posing challenges ahead.ENXTPA:MEDCL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: OVH Groupe S.A. operates globally  offering public and private cloud services  shared hosting  and dedicated server solutions with a market capitalization of approximately €1.13 billion.Operations: The company's revenue is divided into three main segments: Public Cloud (€140.71 million)  Private Cloud (€514.59 million)  and Web Cloud (€179.45 million).Insider Ownership: 10.5%Earnings Growth Forecast: 101.5% p.a.OVH Groupe  a French cloud services provider  is navigating a transformative phase with strategic executive hires and significant international expansion  including a new Canadian data center. Despite a high revenue growth forecast of 11.3% annually  surpassing the French market's 5.8%  OVH's profitability timeline extends over the next three years with modest expectations for return on equity at 3.8%. Recent financials show improvement with sales reaching €486.09 million and reduced net losses year-over-year  reflecting potential stabilization and growth prospects amidst ongoing volatility in share price.ENXTPA:OVH Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Key TakeawaysClick this link to deep-dive into the 21 companies within our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Have you diversified into these companies? Leverage the power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to keep a close eye on market movements affecting your investments.Simply Wall St is your key to unlocking global market trends  a free user-friendly app for forward-thinking investors.Want To Explore Some Alternatives?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:BLV ENXTPA:MEDCL and ENXTPA:OVH.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,negative,0.0,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', '68% Earnings Growth', 'La Française de l', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'new Canadian data center', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'high share price volatility', 'robust revenue growth forecasts', 'high revenue growth forecast', 'OVH Groupe S.A.', 'French digital music company', 'French cloud services provider', 'digital music services', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'M&A discussions', 'fluctuating European markets', 'stable investment opportunities', 'significant corporate interest', 'BLV Ownership Breakdown', 'acting injectable medications', 'various therapeutic areas', 'strategic executive hires', 'significant international expansion', 'free user-friendly app', 'Believe S.A.', 'recent bid rejection', 'internal shareholder consortium', 'innovative drug developments', 'private cloud services', 'next three years', 'dedicated server solutions', 'three main segments', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'French biotech company', 'recent Phase 3 trial', 'global market trends', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'robust growth', 'OVH Earnings', 'French market', 'Warner Music', 'ongoing volatility', 'growth prospects', 'MEDCL Earnings', 'Recent financials', 'Web Cloud', 'shareholder goals', 'two segments', 'F14 drug', 'transformative phase', 'Premium Solutions', 'Automated Solutions', 'market capitalization', 'market movements', 'Public Cloud', 'CAC 40 Index', 'modest decline', 'appealing profile', 'management interests', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'independent labels', 'external ones', 'upward trajectory', 'net loss', 'capital efficiency', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'fair value', 'schizophrenia treatment', 'Teva Pharmaceuticals', 'primary endpoint', 'modest expectations', 'close eye', 'potential stabilization', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'preferred stocks', 'Key Takeaways', 'thinking investors', 'profitability timeline', 'potential challenges', '21 companies', '21 stocks', 'backdrop', 'France', 'context', 'confidence', 'ENXTPA', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', 'subset', 'Overview', 'artists', 'regions', 'Germany', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'Oceania', 'Pacific', 'Operations', 'return', 'equity', 'May', 'Story', 'trading', 'promise', 'partnership', 'hosting', 'improvement', 'sales', 'link', 'power', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'forward', 'Alternatives', 'article', 'nature']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,finance.yahoo.com
41891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_d28f0e92-abde-48ee-b5ce-94f51b0e4b84,Exploring Three Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership On Euronext Amsterdam,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Three Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,consent.yahoo.com
41892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890429/0/en/Change-of-Company-name-and-ticker-symbol-on-Euronext-Paris.html,Change of Company name and ticker symbol on Euronext Paris,Paris  30 May 2024     Following the approval by the Combined Shareholders Meeting of the change of the Company’s name from ALD to Ayvens on 14 May...,Paris  30 May 2024Following the approval by the Combined Shareholders Meeting of the change of the Company’s name from ALD to Ayvens on 14 May 2024  the Company announces that as of 3 June 2024  its shares will be traded under ticker symbol “AYV” (instead of “ALD”) on Euronext Paris  with the ISIN and Euronext code remaining unchanged.Debt securities issued by Ayvens may have their symbol modified as communicated by the relevant listing venues.About Ayvens Ayvens is the leading global sustainable mobility player committed to making life flow better. We’ve been improving mobility for decades  providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management and multi-mobility solutions to large international corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. With more than 14 500 employees across 42 countries  3.4 millionvehicles and the world’s largest multi-brand EV fleet we’re leveraging our unique position to lead the way to net zero and spearhead the digital transformation of the mobility sector. The company is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD  becoming AYV from 3 June 2024). Societe Generale Group is Ayvens majority shareholder.Find out more at ayvens.comPress contact Elise BooréeCommunications DepartmentTel: +33 (0)6 25 01 24 16elise.booree@ayvens.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Company name', 'ticker symbol', 'Euronext Paris', 'Change', 'Elise Boorée Communications Department', 'leading global sustainable mobility player', 'largest multi-brand EV fleet', 'Combined Shareholders Meeting', 'relevant listing venues', 'flexible subscription services', 'large international corporates', 'Societe Generale Group', 'Ayvens majority shareholder', 'fleet management', 'mobility sector', 'Euronext code', 'Debt securities', 'multi-mobility solutions', 'private individuals', 'million vehicles', 'unique position', 'digital transformation', 'Compartment A', 'Press contact', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ayvens Ayvens', 'ticker symbol', '30 May', 'approval', 'change', 'Company', 'name', 'ALD', '14 May', '3 June', 'shares', 'ISIN', 'life', 'decades', 'SMEs', 'professionals', '14,500 employees', '42 countries', 'world', 'way', 'Tel', 'booree', 'Attachment', '6']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890987/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Approval-by-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-May-30-2024-of-the-transfer-of-the-listing-of-McPhy-shares-from-Euronext-Paris-to-Euronext-Growth-Paris.html,McPhy Energy: Approval by the Combined General Meeting of May 30  2024 of the transfer of the listing of McPhy shares from Euronext Paris to Euronext Growth Paris,"Grenoble  May 30  2024 - 6:15 pm CEST – The Combined General Meeting of shareholders of McPhy Energy (the ""Company"" or ""McPhy"")  held today (the “General Meeting”)1  approved  in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 421-14 of the French Commercial Cod…","Grenoble  May 30  2024 - 6:15 pm CEST – The Combined General Meeting of shareholders of McPhy Energy (the ""Company"" or ""McPhy"")  held today (the “General Meeting”)1  approved  in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 421-14 of the French Commercial Code  the proposed transfer of listing of its shares from the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment C) to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility  and granted full power to the Board of Directors to implement this transfer of listing.The Board of Directors  which also met today following the General Meeting  decided to implement this transfer.In the next few days  the Company will file an application with Euronext Paris for the delisting of its shares from Euronext Paris and their concomitant listing on Euronext Growth.Reasons for the transferThis transfer would enable the Company to have its shares admitted to trading on a growth market for SMEs  in line with its current size and share profile  and would alleviate the obligations and constraints with which it has currently to comply.This would enable the Company to simplify and reduce the resources mobilized for its listing  while benefiting from the attractiveness of Euronext Growth  a market open to both professional and retail investors  with nearly 600 listed companies.Conditions of the transferThis transfer operation involves applying to Euronext to have the shares delisted from the Euronext Paris market and simultaneously admitted to trading on the organized multilateral trading facility of Euronext Growth Paris.Subject to the agreement of Euronext Paris  this direct listing will be carried out via an accelerated admission to trading procedure for the Company's existing shares  without the issuance of new shares.The Company currently meets the eligibility requirements for the transfer procedure  i.e. a market capitalization of less than one billion euros and a minimum public float of 2.5 million euros. These conditions will also have been met on the day of the transfer request. The Company is also up to date with its disclosure obligations on the Euronext Paris regulated market.Main consequences of the transfer (non-exhaustive list)In accordance with current regulations  McPhy wishes to inform its shareholders of certain possible consequences of this transfer:Protection of minority shareholdersObligation to file the crossing of thresholds. For a period of 3 years from the listing of McPhy shares on Euronext Growth Paris  the obligation to file to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (""AMF"") and to McPhy the crossing of thresholds of 5%  10%  15%  20%  25%  30%  1/3  50%  2/3  90% and 95% of McPhy's capital or voting rights will be maintained  in accordance with article 223-15-2 of the AMF's General Regulation. At the end of this period  only the crossing of the thresholds of 50% and 90% of McPhy's capital or voting rights will have to be reported to the AMF and the Company  in accordance with Article 223-15-1 of the AMF's General Regulation  subject  where applicable  to the crossing of statutory thresholds to be reported to McPhy.Public tenders. In accordance with the provisions of article 231-1 4° of the AMF's General Regulation  the provisions governing public tenders for shares admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will remain applicable for a period of 3 years from the effective date of their admission to trading on Euronext Growth Paris. This means that a public tender will still have to be filed if the threshold of 30% of the share capital or voting rights is exceeded. At the end of this period  McPhy will be subject to the regulation applicable to companies listed on Euronext Growth Paris  and the obligation to file a public offer will apply if the threshold of 50% of the Company's capital or voting rights is upward crossed.Periodic informationMcPhy will publish  within 4 months of the year-end  a report including its annual statutory and consolidated financial statements  a management report (simplified content) and the Statutory auditors' reports. The Company will also publish a corporate governance report (simplified content).McPhy will also publish  within 4 months of the end of the first semester  a half-year report including its consolidated financial statements and the related activity report.McPhy confirms that it will maintain the same level of quality in its financial information as today and will continue to prepare its consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS standards.Permanent informationMcPhy will continue to be subject to the provisions governing permanent information  which also apply to companies listed on Euronext Growth Paris.McPhy will continue to effectively disseminate regulated information and deliver accurate  precise and truthful information  bringing to the public's attention any information likely to have a significant influence on the share price (inside information)  in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 596-2014 of April 16  2014 on market abuse.In addition  the Company's executives (and persons related to them) will remain subject to the obligation to file any transactions they carry out involving the Company's securities.GovernanceBoard composition. The mandatory rules on parity within the Board of Directors set out in Articles L. 225-18-1 and L. 22-10-3 of the French Commercial Code will no longer apply. It should be noted that McPhy could be subject to these parity rules if it exceeds certain thresholds  which is not currently the case.Compensation of corporate officers. The rules governing the compensation of corporate officers (Say On Pay) set out in Articles L. 22-10-8 et seq. of the French Commercial Code will no longer be mandatory.Audit committee. The Company will no longer be subject to the provisions of Articles L. 821-67 and seq. of the French Commercial Code (previously codified in L. 821-19 and seq. of the French Commercial Code) concerning audit committee.Offices of the Statutory AuditorsThe rules specific to public-interest entities  particularly those relating to seniority limitations  the selection of Statutory Auditors and tendering for their appointment  as set out in Article L. 823-1 II-al. 1 of the French Commercial Code and the provisions of Regulation (EU) n°537/2014 of April 16  2014  will no longer be applicable.Liquidity of the shareAs this is a non-regulated market  the Company draws attention to the fact that the transfer to Euronext Growth Paris could result in a different trend in the liquidity of the shares than the one observed on the Euronext Paris regulated market. The said transfer could also lead certain investors  who give preference to shares of issuers listed on a regulated market  to sell their McPhy shares.Listing SponsorAs part of its transfer to Euronext Growth Paris  McPhy is supported by Swiss Life Banque Privée as Listing Sponsor.Indicative timetable for the transfer (subject to approval by Euronext Paris SA):June 10  2024 Application filed with Euronext Paris to delist the shares from Euronext Paris and list them on Euronext Growth Paris Starting July 24  2024 Transfer authorization by Euronext Paris SATransfer information document available onlineThird press release from the Company announcing the effective transfer datesPublication by Euronext of a notice of delisting of McPhy shares from Euronext Paris (before trading)Publication by Euronext of a notice of listing of McPhy shares on Euronext Growth Paris (at opening) Earliest on July 30  2024 First listing of McPhy shares on Euronext Growth ParisListing on Euronext Growth Paris would take place at the earliest after the expiration of a period of 2 months from the General Meeting  i.e. at the earliest on July 30  2024.ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment C  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSInvestor RelationsNewCapEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsDGM conseilPascal POGAM( p.pogam@dgm-conseil.fr / T. +33 (0)6 03 62 27 65)Sophie BODIN( s.bodin@dgm-conseil.fr / T. +33 (0)6 08 81 77 57)Follow-us on@McPhyEnergy1 For further details on the General Meeting  please refer to the related press release also published today ( https://mcphy-finance.com/index.php/en/financial-publications/press-releases ).Attachment",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Euronext Paris', 'McPhy Energy', 'McPhy shares', 'Approval', 'May', 'transfer', 'listing', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility', 'organized multilateral trading facility', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'French Commercial Code', 'consolidated financial statements', 'one billion euros', ""Statutory auditors' reports"", 'corporate governance report', 'related activity report', 'minimum public float', 'Euronext Paris market', 'Combined General Meeting', 'trading procedure', 'growth market', 'regulated information', '2.5 million euros', 'financial information', 'annual statutory', 'management report', 'half-year report', 'market capitalization', 'market abuse', 'compartment C', 'full power', 'current size', 'share profile', 'retail investors', 'eligibility requirements', 'Main consequences', 'exhaustive list', 'current regulations', 'possible consequences', 'voting rights', 'Public tenders', 'public offer', 'simplified content', 'first semester', 'same level', 'IFRS standards', 'accurate, precise', 'significant influence', 'share price', 'General Regulation', 'Periodic information', 'Permanent information', 'truthful information', 'statutory thresholds', 'accelerated admission', 'effective date', 'existing shares', 'new shares', 'concomitant listing', '600 listed companies', 'direct listing', 'minority shareholders', 'transfer operation', 'The Company', 'transfer procedure', 'transfer request', 'Article L.', 'share capital', 'McPhy Energy', 'McPhy shares', 'Grenoble', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'days', 'application', 'delisting', 'Reasons', 'SMEs', 'line', 'obligations', 'constraints', 'resources', 'attractiveness', 'professional', 'Conditions', 'agreement', 'issuance', 'less', 'disclosure', 'Protection', 'crossing', '3 years', 'AMF', '4 months', 'year-end', 'quality', 'today', 'attention', 'No.', 'April', 'addition', 'execut', '6:15']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BW-LPG-LIMITED-14976268/news/BW-LPG-Limited-Key-information-relating-to-the-cash-dividend-for-Q1-2024-46861941/,BW LPG Limited – Key information relating to the cash dividend for Q1 2024,(marketscreener.com) BW LPG Limited provides the following key information relating to the Company's cash dividend for Q1 2024:Dividend amount: USD 1.00 per share. Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.Date o…,"BW LPG Limited (“BW LPG"" or the ""Company""  OSE ticker code: ""BWLPG.OL""  NYSE ticker code ""BWLP"") provides the following key information relating to the Company's cash dividend for Q1 2024:Dividend amount: USD 1.00 per share. Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.Date of approval: 29 May 2024Record date: 10 June 2024Shares registered with Euronext VPS Oslo Stock ExchangeLast trading day including the right to receive this dividend: 6 June 2024Ex-date: 7 June 2024Dividend payment date: On or about 28 June 2024Shares registered with Depository Trust CompanyLast trading day including the right to receive this dividend: 7 June 2024Ex-date: 10 June 2024Dividend payment date: On or about 25 June 2024About BW LPGBW LPG is the world’s leading owner and operator of LPG vessels  owning and operating Very Large Gas Carriers (VLGC) with a total carrying capacity of over 3 million CBM. With five decades of operating experience in LPG shipping  experienced employees and an in-house LPG trading division  BW LPG offers an integrated  flexible  and reliable service to customers. More information about BW LPG can be found at https://www.bwlpg.com.BW LPG is associated with BW Group  a leading global maritime company involved in shipping  floating infrastructure  deepwater oil & gas production  and new sustainable technologies. Founded in 1955 by Sir YK Pao  BW controls a fleet of over 490 vessels transporting oil  gas and dry commodities  with its 200 LNG and LPG ships constituting the largest gas fleet in the world. In the renewables space  the group has investments in solar  wind  batteries  biofuels and water treatment.This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240529976957/en/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['BW LPG Limited', 'Key information', 'cash dividend', 'Q1 2024', 'Euronext VPS Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Very Large Gas Carriers', 'house LPG trading division', 'leading global maritime company', 'Last trading day', 'OSE ticker code', 'NYSE ticker code', 'total carrying capacity', 'new sustainable technologies', 'Sir YK Pao', 'Depository Trust Company', 'following key information', 'largest gas fleet', 'BW LPG Limited', 'Dividend payment date', 'leading owner', 'gas production', 'LPG ships', 'Record date', 'cash dividend', 'Dividend amount', '3 million CBM', 'five decades', 'operating experience', 'experienced employees', 'reliable service', 'More information', 'floating infrastructure', 'dry commodities', 'renewables space', 'water treatment', 'disclosure requirements', 'source version', 'LPG vessels', 'LPG shipping', 'BW Group', 'deepwater oil', '490 vessels', 'BWLPG', 'Q1 2024', 'share', 'Dividends', 'NOK', 'approval', '29 May', '10 June', 'right', 'Ex-date', '7 June', '28 June', '25 June', 'world', 'operator', 'VLGC', 'customers', '200 LNG', 'investments', 'solar', 'wind', 'batteries', 'biofuels', 'Section', 'businesswire']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PROACTIS-SA-54379358/news/PROACTIS-SA-Press-release-30-05-2024-postponing-publication-AFR-46866431/,PROACTIS SA -Press release 30.05.2024 (postponing publication AFR),(marketscreener.com) Postponement of the publication of the results and the Annual Financial Report fiscal year ended 31 January 2024 SURESNES  France – — PROACTIS SA announces the postponement of the publication  initially scheduled for May 31  2024  of its …,Postponement of the publication of the results and the Annual Financial Report fiscal year ended 31 January 2024SURESNES  France – (30 May 2024) — PROACTIS SA (ISIN code: FR0004052561) announces the postponement of the publication  initially scheduled for May 31  2024  of its consolidated annual results and of the Annual Financial Report for the period ended January 31  2024.This postponement is linked to a short additional time required to allow Proactis Group UK auditors to finalize their limited procedures.PROACTIS SA has already taken the necessary steps to finalize the documents as soon as possible and distribute them on its website.PROACTIS SA will soon announce the next publication dates by way of a press release.* * * *About Proactis SA (https://www.proactis.com/proactis-sa)  a Proactis CompanyProactis SA connects companies by providing business spend management and collaborative business process automation solutions for both goods and services  through The Business Network. Our solutions integrate with any ERP or procurement system  providing our customers with an easy-to-use solution which drives adoption  compliance and savings.Proactis SA has operations in France  Germany  USA and Manila.Listed in Compartment C on the Euronext Paris Eurolist.ISIN: FR0004052561  Euronext: PROAC  Reuters: HBWO.LN  Bloomberg: HBW.FPContactsTel: +33 (0)1 53 25 55 00E-mail: investorContact@proactis.com* * * *Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,True,English,"['PROACTIS SA', 'Press release', 'publication', 'AFR', 'Annual Financial Report fiscal year', 'collaborative business process automation solutions', 'Proactis Group UK auditors', 'business spend management', 'The Business Network', 'short additional time', 'consolidated annual results', 'Euronext Paris Eurolist', 'next publication dates', 'limited procedures', 'necessary steps', 'press release', 'procurement system', 'use solution', 'Compartment C', 'HBW.FP', 'Proactis Company', 'PROACTIS SA', 'ISIN code', 'Postponement', 'SURESNES', 'France', 'May', 'period', 'January', 'documents', 'website', 'way', 'companies', 'goods', 'services', 'ERP', 'customers', 'adoption', 'compliance', 'savings', 'operations', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Manila', 'Reuters', 'HBWO.', 'LN', 'Bloomberg', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'mail', 'investorContact', 'Attachment', '33', '1']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HOTELES-BESTPRICE-S-A-144830114/news/Hoteles-BESTPRICE-S-A-acquires-a-new-hotel-in-Barcelona-bringing-its-portfolio-to-a-total-of-10-h-46861280/,Hoteles BESTPRICE S A : acquires a new hotel in Barcelona  bringing its portfolio to a total of 10 hotels,(marketscreener.com)   Hoteles BESTPRICE acquires a new hotel in Barcelona  bringing its portfolio to a total of 10 hotels      30 May 2024 09:00 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   HOTELES BESTPRICE S.A.      ...https://www.marketscreene…,Hoteles BESTPRICE acquires a new hotel in Barcelona  bringing its portfolio to a total of 10 hotelsHoteles BESTPRICE adds a new hotel in Barcelona to its portfolio  now totaling 10 properties. The new establishment  located in the Les Corts tech district  features 18 rooms and is the chain's third hotel in Barcelona. It is just a 2-minute walk from the Spotify Camp Nou and FC Barcelona Museum. The Les Corts neighborhood offers a wide range of dining options and excellent citywide transportation.In the past year  the chain's investments have surged to record levels  aiming to double its EBITDA by 2026 and achieve €10 million in revenue. The chain is developing three new hotel projects in Madrid  Málaga  and Barcelona  expecting to expand its business. BESTPRICE closed 2023 as its best year  with 6 operational hotels and a record net revenue of €5 462 000  compared to €4 220 427 the previous year. The chain expects to reach €7 million in revenue in 2024.Stock Market Presence Hoteles BESTPRICE is listed on EURONEXT PARIS  supported by CaixaBank  BBVA  Sabadell  DEGIRO  Openbank  ActivoBank  and Interactive Brokers. The company's ISIN code is ES0105664009  and its EURONEXT ticker is MLHBP.Leadership Comments Oscar Sánchez  President of Hoteles BESTPRICE  expressed joy over the new acquisition and praised the team's efforts  highlighting the company's commitment to excellence and quality in hospitality.About Hoteles BESTPRICE Hoteles BESTPRICE is a boutique hotel chain known for offering deluxe stays at competitive prices  featuring modern designs and top-tier customer service. The chain operates 7 hotels in Barcelona  Madrid  Girona  Valencia  and Santillana del Mar.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['BESTPRICE S A', 'new hotel', 'Hoteles', 'Barcelona', 'portfolio', 'total', '10 hotels', 'Les Corts tech district', 'The Les Corts neighborhood', 'Stock Market Presence Hoteles', 'three new hotel projects', 'Spotify Camp Nou', 'excellent citywide transportation', 'Oscar Sánchez', 'top-tier customer service', 'Santillana del Mar', 'FC Barcelona Museum', 'boutique hotel chain', 'record net revenue', 'BESTPRICE Hoteles BESTPRICE', 'third hotel', 'new establishment', 'new acquisition', 'wide range', 'dining options', 'past year', 'Málaga', 'best year', 'previous year', 'EURONEXT PARIS', 'Interactive Brokers', 'ISIN code', 'EURONEXT ticker', 'Leadership Comments', 'deluxe stays', 'competitive prices', 'modern designs', '6 operational hotels', '10 hotels', '7 hotels', 'portfolio', 'total', '10 properties', '18 rooms', '2-minute', 'investments', 'levels', 'EBITDA', 'Madrid', 'business', 'CaixaBank', 'BBVA', 'Sabadell', 'DEGIRO', 'Openbank', 'ActivoBank', 'company', 'MLHBP', 'President', 'joy', 'team', 'efforts', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'quality', 'hospitality', 'Girona', 'Valencia']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-sells-part-of-its-stake-in-APG-SGA-to-NZZ-46858564/,JCDecaux sells part of its stake in APG|SGA to NZZ,(marketscreener.com) JCDecaux sells part of its stake in APG|SGA to NZZ Paris  30 May 2024 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces that it has concluded an agreement to sell part of its stake in APG|SGA  the leading out…,JCDecaux sells part of its stake in APG|SGA to NZZParis  30 May 2024 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces that it has concluded an agreement to sell part of its stake in APG|SGA  the leading out-of-home media company in Switzerland  to NZZ a leading Swiss press group who will become the first shareholder of the company. The transaction is expected to be completed in the coming days.Following the disposal process announced with Pargesa Asset Management S.A. (a fully owned subsidiary of Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille  an investment company of the Frère Family) announced on February 27th and considering attractive financial and strategic options for its shares in APGISGA  JCDecaux SE will sell 13.56% of APGISGA to NZZ for CHF 220 per share. Post-transaction  NZZ will hold a 25% stake in APGISGA  making it the largest shareholder  while JCDecaux SE will retain 16.44% and Pargesa Asset Management S.A. 13.86%. This deal will generate cash proceeds for JCDecaux SE of CHF 89.6 million  i.e. c. €90.3 million before transaction costs.Key Figures for JCDecaux2023 revenue: €3 570.0m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 056 833 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 918 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 650 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.4/5)  CDP (A)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (13.7)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (630 196 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 258 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (319 081 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (85 743 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (708 620 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (165 292 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (91 682 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (25 337 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (21 300 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['JCDecaux', 'part', 'stake', 'APG|', 'SGA', 'NZZ', 'Pargesa Asset Management S.A.', 'leading Swiss press group', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Frère Family', 'Gold Medal status', 'home media company', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'investment company', '1,056,833 advertising panels', '30,196 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '85,743 advertising panels', '91,682 advertising panels', '25,337 advertising panels', '21,300 advertising panels', 'first shareholder', 'coming days', 'disposal process', 'Compagnie Nationale', 'February 27th', 'attractive financial', 'strategic options', 'largest shareholder', 'cash proceeds', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'JCDecaux SE', 'transaction costs', 'Euronext 100', 'stake', 'APG|', 'SGA', 'NZZ', '30 May', 'number', 'agreement', 'Switzerland', 'subsidiary', 'Portefeuille', 'shares', 'CHF', 'deal', '2023 revenue', '80 countries', '3,918 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,650 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AAA', 'Sustainalytics', 'EcoVadis1st', 'RE100', 'Leader', 'pioneer', '153 airports', '258 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'N°', 'information', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46859045/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 30-May-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST30 May 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 29th of May 2024 it purchased…,"30 May 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 29th of May 2024 it purchased a total of 98 829 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 65 000 33 829 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7300 £1.4680 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6820 £1.4340 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7020 £1.4472The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 645 682 502 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 3 787 1.7180 XDUB 08:18:26 00028945783TRDU1 887 1.7180 XDUB 08:18:26 00028945782TRDU1 2 039 1.7300 XDUB 08:36:15 00028946004TRDU1 606 1.7220 XDUB 09:16:53 00028946351TRDU1 3 732 1.7220 XDUB 09:16:53 00028946350TRDU1 2 087 1.7200 XDUB 10:02:32 00028946569TRDU1 130 1.7200 XDUB 10:02:32 00028946568TRDU1 1 917 1.7200 XDUB 10:02:32 00028946570TRDU1 2 214 1.7140 XDUB 10:26:53 00028946693TRDU1 2 153 1.7020 XDUB 11:20:31 00028946995TRDU1 2 140 1.7020 XDUB 11:20:31 00028946994TRDU1 2 260 1.7020 XDUB 11:20:31 00028946993TRDU1 1 112 1.7020 XDUB 12:20:52 00028947281TRDU1 397 1.7020 XDUB 12:20:52 00028947280TRDU1 393 1.7020 XDUB 12:20:52 00028947279TRDU1 183 1.7020 XDUB 12:20:52 00028947278TRDU1 2 219 1.7020 XDUB 12:20:52 00028947277TRDU1 1 438 1.7020 XDUB 12:54:22 00028947415TRDU1 1 834 1.7020 XDUB 13:07:44 00028947442TRDU1 214 1.7020 XDUB 13:07:44 00028947441TRDU1 644 1.7020 XDUB 13:07:44 00028947440TRDU1 787 1.6960 XDUB 14:08:19 00028947936TRDU1 1 000 1.6960 XDUB 14:08:27 00028947937TRDU1 2 315 1.6960 XDUB 14:18:27 00028947980TRDU1 4 719 1.6960 XDUB 14:18:27 00028947979TRDU1 54 1.6960 XDUB 14:18:27 00028947978TRDU1 2 109 1.6960 XDUB 14:18:27 00028947977TRDU1 2 598 1.6940 XDUB 14:57:23 00028948163TRDU1 808 1.6940 XDUB 14:57:23 00028948168TRDU1 283 1.6940 XDUB 14:57:23 00028948167TRDU1 1 263 1.6940 XDUB 14:57:23 00028948166TRDU1 143 1.6940 XDUB 14:57:23 00028948165TRDU1 1 600 1.6940 XDUB 14:57:23 00028948164TRDU1 2 436 1.6920 XDUB 15:12:48 00028948580TRDU1 2 051 1.6940 XDUB 15:42:09 00028949227TRDU1 2 467 1.6940 XDUB 15:42:09 00028949226TRDU1 421 1.6840 XDUB 16:18:00 00028950120TRDU1 1 482 1.6840 XDUB 16:18:04 00028950122TRDU1 485 1.6840 XDUB 16:18:05 00028950127TRDU1 426 1.6840 XDUB 16:18:05 00028950126TRDU1 195 1.6840 XDUB 16:18:05 00028950125TRDU1 1 165 1.6840 XDUB 16:18:05 00028950124TRDU1 49 1.6840 XDUB 16:18:05 00028950123TRDU1 1 478 1.6820 XDUB 16:21:58 00028950275TRDU1 1 682 1.6860 XDUB 16:26:39 00028950415TRDU1 598 1.6860 XDUB 16:26:39 00028950414TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '645,682,502 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'above purchases', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'May', '29th', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028945783TRDU1', '00028945782TRDU1', '00028946004TRDU1', '00028946351TRDU1', '00028946350TRDU1', '00028946569TRDU1', '00028946568TRDU1', '00028946570TRDU1', '00028946693TRDU1', '00028946995TRDU1', '00028946994TRDU1', '00028946993TRDU1', '00028947281TRDU1', '00028947280TRDU1', '00028947279TRDU1', '00028947278TRDU1', '00028947277TRDU1', '00028947415TRDU1', '00028947442TRDU1', '00028947441TRDU1', '00028947440TRDU1', '00028947936TRDU1', '00028947937TRDU1', '00028947980TRDU1', '00028947979TRDU1', '00028947978TRDU1', '00028947977TRDU1', '00028948163TRDU1', '00028948168TRDU1', '00028948167TRDU1', '00028948166TRDU1', '00028948165TRDU1', '00028948164TRDU1', '00028948580TRDU1', '00028949227TRDU1', '00028949226TRDU1', '00028950120TRDU1', '00028950122TRDU1', '00028950127TRDU1', '00028950126TRDU1', '00028950125TRDU1', '00028950124TRDU1', '00028950123TRDU1', '00028950275TRDU1', '00028950415TRDU1', '00028950414TRDU1']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Sneaker-maker-Golden-Goose-aims-to-list-in-Milan-in-June-46860883/,Sneaker maker Golden Goose aims to list in Milan in June,(marketscreener.com) Italian luxury sneaker brand Golden Goose said on Thursday it aims to list on Milan's Euronext in June. The offer will consist of 100 million euros of new shares and existing shares  to reach a free float equal to at least 25% of the out…,MILAN (Reuters) - Italian luxury sneaker brand Golden Goose said on Thursday it aims to list on Milan's Euronext in June.The offer will consist of 100 million euros ($107.92 million) of new shares and existing shares  to reach a free float equal to at least 25% of the outstanding share capital.Golden Goose  which was valued at 1.3 billion euros when it was acquired by private equity firm Permira in 2020  said the final structure of the offer would be communicated prior to its launch.($1 = 0.9266 euros)(Reporting by Elisa Anzolin  editing by Alvise Armellini),neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Sneaker maker', 'Golden Goose', 'Milan', 'June', 'Italian luxury sneaker brand', 'outstanding share capital', 'private equity firm', 'Golden Goose', 'new shares', 'existing shares', 'free float', 'final structure', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Alvise Armellini', '100 million euros', '1.3 billion euros', '0.9266 euros', 'MILAN', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'Euronext', 'June', 'offer', 'Permira', 'launch']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-Documents-pertaining-the-increased-voting-right-are-available-46862083/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : Documents pertaining the increased voting right are available,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   an independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  an independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces that  following the approval by the company's Board of Directors  the procedure for the increased voting right along with the form for requesting the increasing of voting right have been made available at the company's registered office and on the company's website www.tipspa.it in the ""Corporate Governance/Increased Voting Right"" section.Milan  May 30 2024TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW AND WITH A LONG-TERM APPROACH OF STRATEGIC SUPPORT AND GROWTH IN VALUE. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  APOTECA NATURA  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BASICNET  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DEXELANCE  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA  VIANOVA AND ZEST.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.it and disclosed by 1Info SDIR and 1Info Storage system (www.1info.it).",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', 'voting right', 'Documents', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'Corporate Governance/Increased Voting Right', 'diversified industrial group', '1Info Storage system', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', 'excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', '1Info SDIR', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'registered office', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'LONG-TERM APPROACH', 'STRATEGIC SUPPORT', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'APOTECA NATURA', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'TALENT GARDEN', 'Investor Relator', 'web site', 'tip.mi', 'independent', 'approval', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'procedure', 'form', 'increasing', 'website', 'tipspa', 'section', 'INVESTED', 'VIEW', 'GROWTH', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BASICNET', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DEXELANCE', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'ZEST', 'Contacts', 'Tel.']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIDATA-S-P-A-104922929/news/Unidata-S-p-A-Registration-of-the-minutes-of-the-shareholders-meeting-and-right-of-withdrawal-46862919/,Unidata S p A : Registration of the minutes of the shareholders' meeting and right of withdrawal,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   REGISTRATION OF THE MINUTES OF THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING AND RIGHT OF   WITHDRAWAL   Roma  30 May 2024 - Unidata S.p.A.   telecommunications  cloud and IoT services operator  listed on the Euronext Milan marke…,"PRESS RELEASEREGISTRATION OF THE MINUTES OF THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING AND RIGHT OFWITHDRAWALRoma  30 May 2024 - Unidata S.p.A. (UD.MI) (the ""Company"" or ""Unidata"")  telecommunications  cloud and IoT services operator  listed on the Euronext Milan market - STAR Segment  organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that  on today's date  it occurred the registration in the Rome Company Register of the minutes of the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting (""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"") which on 10 May 2024 approved  inter alia  the proposal to strengthen the system of increased voting rights adopted by the Company and the consequent modification of the art. 8 of the current Articles of Association  as well as the related and consequent resolutions (the ""Increased Voting Enhancement"").The minutes of the meeting will also be made available at the registered office of the Company  on the Company's website www.unidata.it  Corporate Governance / Shareholders' Meeting section  as well as on the ""1info"" storage mechanism (www.1info.it) pursuant to current legislation.The legitimate Unidata shareholders who did not participate in the adoption of the resolution on the Increased Voting Enhancement (i.e. the shareholders who did not participate in the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting or who voted against the proposed resolution or who abstained from voting) have right to withdraw  without there being any obligation to do so  in compliance with the provisions of the law and in the documents relating to the proposals to the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting. Indeed  please note that the withdrawal by shareholders who did not participate in the approval of the resolution is a right and not an obligation (and therefore they can decide whether or not they intend to exercise it).Information relating to the right of withdrawal is contained in the notice made available on the Unidata website www.unidata.it  Corporate Governance / Shareholders' Meeting section and which will be published in the ""Milano Finanza"" newspaper in accordance with applicable legislation.For further details  please refer to the documentation prepared in relation to the proposals to the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting available on the Company's website www.unidata.it  Corporate Governance / Shareholders' Meeting section.****This press release is available on Borsa Italiana  on the ""1info"" storage mechanism (www.1info.it) and on the Company's website www.unidata.itin the Investors/Press Releases section.UNIDATA S.p.A.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.03,0.31,0.66,True,English,"['Unidata S', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Registration', 'minutes', 'right', 'withdrawal', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Unidata S.p.A.', 'IoT services operator', 'Euronext Milan market', '1info"" storage mechanism', 'Milano Finanza"" newspaper', 'Investors/Press Releases section', 'Increased Voting Enhancement', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", ""Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'legitimate Unidata shareholders', 'Rome Company Register', 'voting rights', 'UD.MI', 'STAR Segment', 'consequent modification', 'current Articles', 'consequent resolutions', 'registered office', 'Corporate Governance', 'current legislation', 'applicable legislation', 'WITHDRAWAL Roma', 'Unidata website', 'REGISTRATION', 'THE', 'MINUTES', '30 May', 'cloud', 'today', 'date', '10 May', 'proposal', 'system', 'art.', 'Association', 'related', 'adoption', 'obligation', 'compliance', 'provisions', 'law', 'documents', 'approval', 'Information', 'notice', 'accordance', 'details', 'documentation', 'relation']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5496983083031281,BW LPG Limited - Key information relating to the cash dividend for Q1 2024,"BW LPG Limited (&#x201C;BW LPG"" or the ""Company""  OSE ticker code: ""BWLPG.OL""  NYSE ticker code ""BWLP"") provides the following key information relating to the Company's cash dividend for Q1 2024:     Dividend amount: USD 1.00 per share. Dividends payab...","BW LPG Limited – Key information relating to the cash dividend for Q1 2024BW LPG Limited (“BW LPG"" or the ""Company""  OSE ticker code: ""BWLPG.OL""  NYSE ticker code ""BWLP"") provides the following key information relating to the Company's cash dividend for Q1 2024:Dividend amount: USD 1.00 per share. Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.Date of approval: 29 May 2024Record date: 10 June 2024Shares registered with Euronext VPS Oslo Stock ExchangeLast trading day including the right to receive this dividend: 6 June 2024Ex-date: 7 June 2024Dividend payment date: On or about 28 June 2024Shares registered with Depository Trust CompanyLast trading day including the right to receive this dividend: 7 June 2024Ex-date: 10 June 2024Dividend payment date: On or about 25 June 2024About BW LPGBW LPG is the world’s leading owner and operator of LPG vessels  owning and operating Very Large Gas Carriers (VLGC) with a total carrying capacity of over 3 million CBM. With five decades of operating experience in LPG shipping  experienced employees and an in-house LPG trading division  BW LPG offers an integrated  flexible  and reliable service to customers. More information about BW LPG can be found at https://www.bwlpg.com .BW LPG is associated with BW Group  a leading global maritime company involved in shipping  floating infrastructure  deepwater oil & gas production  and new sustainable technologies. Founded in 1955 by Sir YK Pao  BW controls a fleet of over 490 vessels transporting oil  gas and dry commodities  with its 200 LNG and LPG ships constituting the largest gas fleet in the world. In the renewables space  the group has investments in solar  wind  batteries  biofuels and water treatment.This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240529976957/en/Samantha XuChief Financial OfficerE-mail: investor.relations@bwlpg.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['BW LPG Limited', 'Key information', 'cash dividend', 'Q1 2024', 'Euronext VPS Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Very Large Gas Carriers', 'house LPG trading division', 'leading global maritime company', 'Last trading day', 'OSE ticker code', 'NYSE ticker code', 'total carrying capacity', 'new sustainable technologies', 'Sir YK Pao', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Depository Trust Company', 'following key information', 'largest gas fleet', 'BW LPG Limited', 'Dividend payment date', 'leading owner', 'gas production', 'LPG ships', 'Record date', 'cash dividend', 'Dividend amount', '3 million CBM', 'five decades', 'operating experience', 'experienced employees', 'reliable service', 'More information', 'floating infrastructure', 'dry commodities', 'renewables space', 'water treatment', 'disclosure requirements', 'source version', 'Samantha Xu', 'LPG vessels', 'LPG shipping', 'BW Group', 'deepwater oil', '490 vessels', 'Q1 2024', 'BWLPG', 'share', 'Dividends', 'NOK', 'approval', '29 May', '10 June', 'right', 'Ex-date', '7 June', '28 June', '25 June', 'world', 'operator', 'VLGC', 'customers', '200 LNG', 'investments', 'solar', 'wind', 'batteries', 'biofuels', 'Section', 'businesswire', 'mail', 'investor', 'relations']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investorsobserver.com
41903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MCPHY-ENERGY-15933338/news/McPhy-Energy-Summary-of-the-Combined-General-Meeting-and-Board-of-Directors-of-McPhy-Energy-of-May-46866523/,McPhy Energy: Summary of the Combined General Meeting and Board of Directors of McPhy Energy of May 30  2024,(marketscreener.com) Grenoble  May 30  2024 - 6:15 pm CEST - McPhy Energy announces that the Combined General Meeting of its shareholders held today   under the chairmanship of its Chairman of the Board of Directors   approved all the resolutions submitted to…,"Grenoble  May 30  2024 - 6:15 pm CEST - McPhy Energy (the ""Company"") announces that the Combined General Meeting of its shareholders held today (the ""General Meeting"")  under the chairmanship of its Chairman of the Board of Directors (the ""Board"")  approved all the resolutions submitted to it and in particular:Approval of 2023 financial statementsThe General Meeting approved the Company's financial statements and the related allocation of net income   as well as the Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023.Corporate governanceThe General Meeting also approved:the compensation policies for corporate officers for 2024   as well as all the components of remuneration and benefits of any kind paid or granted during or in respect of the 2023 financial year to the Company's corporate officers  and more specifically to the Chairman of the Board  Luc Poyer  and the Chief Executive Officer  Jean-Baptiste Lucas;  as well as all the components of to the Company's corporate officers  and more specifically to the Chairman of the Board  Luc Poyer  and the Chief Executive Officer  Jean-Baptiste Lucas; the appointment and renewal of the director office of:of the director office of: Luc Poyer  and following the decisions of today's Board of Directors  his reappointment as Chairman of the Board; andBpifrance Investissement  Eric Bruguière 1   EDF Pulse Holding  Chart International Holdings and Régis Combaluzier 2 .  EDF Pulse Holding  Chart International Holdings and Régis Combaluzier . Review of the Company's by-laws .Transfer to Euronext GrowthThe General Meeting gave the Board full powers to transfer the market for the Company's shares from the regulated Euronext Paris market (Compartment C) to the organized multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth Paris. The Board decided today to implement this transfer. For further details  please refer to the related press release also published today ( https://mcphy-finance.com/index.php/en/financial-publications/press-releases ).Share buy-back and cancellation of treasury sharesThe General Meeting also approved the renewal of the share buy-back program 3   and authorized the Board to cancel some or all of the Company's treasury shares   within the limits set by the General Meeting. The Board also decided today to implement this program.Authorization of delegations relating to the proposed issues of convertible bondsThe General Meeting adopted the resolutions relating to the proposed issues of bonds convertible into new ordinary shares and/or exchangeable for existing ordinary shares reserved to EDF Pulse Holding and EPIC Bpifrance  acting on behalf of the French State under the “French Tech Souveraineté Agreement” dated December 11  2020 and  as the case may be  other investors qualifying as per the categories defined in the 29th resolution of the General Meeting (the ""Issue"")4.The Board today  implementing the delegations thus granted by the General Meeting  decided to approve the principle of the Bond Issue and to sub-delegate its authority to the Chief Executive Officer  in particular for the purpose of deciding to proceed with the Issue. It is specified that the Issue remains subject to the approval by the Autorité des marchés financiers of the prospectus relating to the application for admission to trading of the new shares to be issued on conversion of the bonds on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris.The Company's shareholders are also invited to regularly consult the information relating to the Issue published on the Company's website  in particular in the ""Financial Operations"" section ( https://mcphy-finance.com/index.php/en/financial-publications/financial-operations/financial-transactions ).Renewal of ﬁnancial authorizations and delegations and employee shareholdingIn addition  the General Meeting approved:various delegations of authority and ﬁ nancial authorizations to the Board to issue shares or securities giving immediate or future access to the Company's capital  with or without preferential subscription rights  within the limits (notably applicable ceilings) set by the said General Meeting; andto the Board to issue shares or securities giving immediate or future access to the Company's capital  with or without preferential subscription rights  within the limits (notably applicable ceilings) set by the said General Meeting; and a delegation of authority to the Board to carry out capital increases reserved for employees participating in a Group employee savings plan.The results of voting on the resolutions will be available on the Company's website.The Company would like to thank all shareholders present  represented or voting by post or internet for their commitment and support.ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment C  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSInvestor RelationsNewCapEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsDGM conseilPascal POGAM( p.pogam@dgm-conseil.fr / T. +33 (0)6 03 62 27 65)Sophie BODIN( s.bodin@dgm-conseil.fr / T. +33 (0)6 08 81 77 57)Follow-us on@McPhyEnergy1 The General Meeting also approved the ratification of his co-optation by the Board in April 2024.2 This appointment is subject to and as from the completion of the issue of the convertible bonds and the related subscription to it by EDF Pulse Holding. Please refer to point 5 below.3 Please also refer to the description of the Company's share buyback program  as published in the 2023 Universal Registration Document and made available to the General Meeting. This description is available on the Company's website.4 For further details  please refer to the Company's press releases on this subject  as well as to the additional information made available at the General Meeting. All this information is available on the Company's website.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'McPhy Energy', 'Summary', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Tech Souveraineté Agreement', 'Group employee savings plan', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Eric Bruguière', 'EDF Pulse Holding', 'Chart International Holdings', 'Régis Combaluzier', 'preferential subscription rights', 'related press release', 'low carbon hydrogen', 'multilateral trading facility', 'Combined General Meeting', 'existing ordinary shares', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The General Meeting', 'new ordinary shares', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'share buy-back program', 'Euronext Paris market', 'French State', 'employee shareholding', '2023 financial statements', 'related allocation', 'hydrogen production', 'new shares', 'Financial Operations', 'net income', 'Corporate governance', 'compensation policies', 'corporate officers', 'Luc Poyer', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'director office', 'Bpifrance Investissement', 'full powers', 'Compartment C', 'EPIC Bpifrance', 'other investors', '29th resolution', 'regulated market', 'ﬁnancial authorizations', 'ﬁ nancial authorizations', 'future access', 'applicable ceilings', 'distribution equipment', 'global deployment', 'energy transition', 'complete range', 'industrial, mobility', 'energy sectors', 'turnkey soluti', 'treasury shares', 'The Company', '2023 financial year', 'The Board', 'convertible bonds', 'capital increases', 'McPhy Energy', 'various delegations', 'Bond Issue', 'Grenoble', 'CEST', 'shareholders', 'chairmanship', 'Directors', 'resolutions', 'Approval', 'components', 'remuneration', 'benefits', 'kind', 'respect', 'appointment', 'renewal', 'decisions', 'today', 'Review', 'laws', 'Transfer', 'details', 'mcphy-finance', 'financial-publications', 'cancellation', 'limits', 'issues', 'behalf', 'case', 'categories', 'principle', 'authority', 'purpose', 'prospectus', 'application', 'admission', 'conversion', 'information', 'website', 'section', 'financial-operations', 'financial-transactions', 'addition', 'securities', 'immediate', 'employees', 'results', 'post', 'internet', 'commitment', 'support', 'products', 'customers', '6:15']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/bw-lpg-limited--key-information-relating-to-the-cash-dividend-for-q1-2024-93CH-3462546,BW LPG Limited “ Key information relating to the cash dividend for Q1 2024 By Investing.com,BW LPG Limited “ Key information relating to the cash dividend for Q1 2024,"SINGAPORE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BW LPG Limited (BW LPG"" or the ""Company""  OSE ticker code: ""BWLPG.OL""  NYSE ticker code ""BWLP"") provides the following key information relating to the Company's cash dividend for Q1 2024:Dividend amount: USD 1.00 per share. Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.Date of approval: 29 May 2024Record date: 10 June 2024Shares registered with Euronext VPS Oslo Stock ExchangeLast trading day including the right to receive this dividend: 6 June 2024Ex-date: 7 June 2024Dividend payment date: On or about 28 June 2024Shares registered with Depository Trust CompanyLast trading day including the right to receive this dividend: 7 June 2024Ex-date: 10 June 2024Dividend payment date: On or about 25 June 2024About BW LPGBW LPG is the world's leading owner and operator of LPG vessels  owning and operating Very Large Gas Carriers (VLGC) with a total carrying capacity of over 3 million CBM. With five decades of operating experience in LPG shipping  experienced employees and an in-house LPG trading division  BW LPG offers an integrated  flexible  and reliable service to customers. More information about BW LPG can be found at https://www.bwlpg.com.BW LPG is associated with BW Group  a leading global maritime company involved in shipping  floating infrastructure  deepwater oil & gas production  and new sustainable technologies. Founded in 1955 by Sir YK Pao  BW controls a fleet of over 490 vessels transporting oil  gas and dry commodities  with its 200 LNG and LPG ships constituting the largest gas fleet in the world. In the renewables space  the group has investments in solar  wind  batteries  biofuels and water treatment.This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240529976957/en/Samantha XuChief Financial OfficerE-mail: investor.relations@bwlpg.comSource: BW LPG Limited",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['BW LPG Limited', 'Key information', 'cash dividend', 'Investing.com', 'Q1', 'Euronext VPS Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Very Large Gas Carriers', 'house LPG trading division', 'leading global maritime company', 'Last trading day', 'OSE ticker code', 'NYSE ticker code', 'total carrying capacity', 'new sustainable technologies', 'Sir YK Pao', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Depository Trust Company', 'following key information', 'largest gas fleet', 'BW LPG Limited', 'Dividend payment date', 'leading owner', 'gas production', 'LPG ships', 'Record date', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'cash dividend', 'Dividend amount', '3 million CBM', 'five decades', 'operating experience', 'experienced employees', 'reliable service', 'More information', 'floating infrastructure', 'dry commodities', 'renewables space', 'water treatment', 'disclosure requirements', 'Samantha Xu', 'LPG vessels', 'LPG shipping', 'BW Group', 'deepwater oil', 'source version', '490 vessels', 'SINGAPORE', 'BWLPG', 'Q1 2024', 'share', 'Dividends', 'NOK', 'approval', '29 May', '10 June', 'right', 'Ex-date', '7 June', '28 June', '25 June', 'world', 'operator', 'VLGC', 'customers', '200 LNG', 'investments', 'solar', 'wind', 'batteries', 'biofuels', 'Section', 'businesswire', 'mail', 'investor', 'relations']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/teleperformance-partners-with-koreai-to-transform-customer-engagement-through-advanced-ai-solutions-93CH-3463837,Teleperformance Partners With Kore.ai to Transform Customer Engagement Through Advanced AI Solutions By Investing.com,Teleperformance Partners With Kore.ai to Transform Customer Engagement Through Advanced AI Solutions,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Global digital business services leader Teleperformance (Paris:TEP) today announced that it has been named a platinum partner for Kore.ai  a world leader in enterprise conversational and generative AI platform technology.As a global reseller and managed services partner of Kore.ai  Teleperformance and its digital services arm TP Infinity will leverage the Kore.ai Experience Optimization (XO) Platform V11.0 to deploy conversational AI solutions to help organizations transform their customer engagement.TP Infinity combines technology innovation with expert conversation design  guided by a team of specialists certified by the Conversation Design Institute. This holistic approach ensures advanced automation and the crafting of meaningful  customer-centric dialogue. Backed by our CX strategy consultants  TP Infinity helps clients leverage Kore.ai's award-winning platform  ensuring personalized  seamless experiences that drive competitive advantage.Kore.ai's enterprise-grade  no-code platform will enable TP Infinity to build advanced virtual assistants that are powered by generative AI and large language models (LLMs) for meeting the unique needs of their customers around use cases involving customer experience  enterprise automation  personalized solutions based on user experience.TP Infinity comprises of a diverse team of more than 3 000 consultants  data lovers  tech enthusiasts  creative masterminds and operations gurus operating in 20 countries across North America  South America  Europe  and Asia who are united by a common purpose: to push the boundaries of CX.To learn more about TP Infinity  visit www.tpinfinity.com.To learn more about Kore.ai  visit www.kore.ai.--------------------------ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP “ ISIN: FR0000051807 “ Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group's local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices:     S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on X (Twitter): @teleperformanceView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530999252/en/FINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND INVESTORSInvestor relations and financial communications department TELEPERFORMANCETel: +33 1 53 83 59 15investor@teleperformance.comPRESS RELATIONSEuropeKarine Allouis “ Laurent Poinsot IMAGE7Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70teleperformance@image7.frPRESS RELATIONSAmericas and Asia-Pacific Nicole Miller TELEPERFORMANCETel: + 1 629-899-0675nicole.miller@teleperformance.comSource: Teleperformance,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['Advanced AI Solutions', 'Kore.ai', 'Teleperformance Partners', 'Customer Engagement', 'Investing', 'com', 'Kore.ai Experience Optimization (XO) Platform V1', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'Global digital business services leader', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'generative AI platform technology', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Asia-Pacific Nicole Miller TELEPERFORMANCE', 'digital services arm', 'deferred settlement service', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'expert conversation design', 'Conversation Design Institute', 'meaningful, customer-centric dialogue', 'large language models', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Laurent Poinsot IMAGE7', 'managed services partner', 'personalized, seamless experiences', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'financial communications department', 'advanced virtual assistants', 'Euronext Paris market', 'PRESS RELATIONS Europe', 'conversational AI solutions', 'CX strategy consultants', 'global leader', 'customer experience', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'FTSE4Good index', 'award-winning platform', 'code platform', 'user experience', 'global reseller', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'personalized solutions', 'advanced technology', 'technology innovation', 'platinum partner', 'world leader', 'enterprise conversational', 'customer engagement', 'tech enthusiasts', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS', 'advanced automation', 'Regulatory News', 'holistic approach', 'competitive advantage', 'unique needs', 'use cases', 'enterprise automation', 'data lovers', 'creative masterminds', 'operations gurus', 'North America', 'South America', 'common purpose', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Karine Allouis', 'Investor relations', 'The Group', 'diverse team', 'source version', 'Teleperformance shares', 'TEP FP', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', '3,000 consultants', 'TP Infinity', 'organizations', 'specialists', 'crafting', 'clients', 'enterprise-grade', 'LLMs', 'customers', '20 countries', 'boundaries', 'tpinfinity', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'advisors', 'close', '100 countries', 'force', 'communities', 'environment', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', 'INVESTORS', 'Americas', '33', '53']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELEPERFORMANCE-SE-4709/news/Teleperformance-Partners-With-Kore-ai-to-Transform-Customer-Engagement-Through-Advanced-AI-Solutions-46866286/,Teleperformance Partners With Kore.ai to Transform Customer Engagement Through Advanced AI Solutions,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Global digital business services leader Teleperformance today announced that it has been named a platinum partner for Kore.ai  a world leader in enterprise conversational and generative AI platform technology.As a g…,Regulatory News:Global digital business services leader Teleperformance (Paris:TEP) today announced that it has been named a platinum partner for Kore.ai  a world leader in enterprise conversational and generative AI platform technology.As a global reseller and managed services partner of Kore.ai  Teleperformance and its digital services arm TP Infinity will leverage the Kore.ai Experience Optimization (XO) Platform V11.0 to deploy conversational AI solutions to help organizations transform their customer engagement.TP Infinity combines technology innovation with expert conversation design  guided by a team of specialists certified by the Conversation Design Institute. This holistic approach ensures advanced automation and the crafting of meaningful  customer-centric dialogue. Backed by our CX strategy consultants  TP Infinity helps clients leverage Kore.ai’s award-winning platform  ensuring personalized  seamless experiences that drive competitive advantage.Kore.ai’s enterprise-grade  no-code platform will enable TP Infinity to build advanced virtual assistants that are powered by generative AI and large language models (LLMs) for meeting the unique needs of their customers around use cases involving customer experience  enterprise automation  personalized solutions based on user experience.TP Infinity comprises of a diverse team of more than 3 000 consultants  data lovers  tech enthusiasts  creative masterminds and operations gurus operating in20 countries across North America  South America  Europe  and Asia who are united by a common purpose: to push the boundaries of CX.To learn more about TP Infinity  visit www.tpinfinity.com.To learn more about Kore.ai  visit www.kore.ai.--------------------------ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group’s local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on X (Twitter): @teleperformanceView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530999252/en/,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Advanced AI Solutions', 'Kore.ai', 'Teleperformance Partners', 'Customer Engagement', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'Kore.ai Experience Optimization (XO) Platform', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'Global digital business services leader', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'generative AI platform technology', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'deferred settlement service', 'digital services arm', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'expert conversation design', 'Conversation Design Institute', 'meaningful, customer-centric dialogue', 'large language models', 'corporate social responsibility', 'personalized, seamless experiences', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'advanced virtual assistants', 'Euronext Paris market', 'conversational AI solutions', 'CX strategy consultants', 'global leader', 'FTSE4Good index', 'customer experience', 'award-winning platform', 'code platform', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global reseller', 'user experience', 'services partner', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'personalized solutions', 'advanced technology', 'technology innovation', 'world leader', 'enterprise conversational', 'customer engagement', 'tech enthusiasts', 'advanced automation', 'platinum partner', 'holistic approach', 'competitive advantage', 'unique needs', 'use cases', 'enterprise automation', 'data lovers', 'creative masterminds', 'operations gurus', 'North America', 'South America', 'common purpose', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'source version', 'The Group', 'Regulatory News', 'diverse team', 'in20 countries', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance shares', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', '3,000 consultants', '100 countries', 'managed', 'TP Infinity', 'organizations', 'specialists', 'crafting', 'clients', 'enterprise-grade', 'LLMs', 'customers', 'Asia', 'boundaries', 'tpinfinity', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'advisors', 'close', 'force', 'communities', 'environment', 'STOXX', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', 'businesswire']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-May-23-May-29-2024-46861613/,Share Buyback Transaction Details May 23 – May 29  2024,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE                                         Share Buyback Transaction Details May 23 – May 29  2024 Alphen aan den Rijn - May 30 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transactio…,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details May 23 – May 29  2024Alphen aan den Rijn - May 30  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 143 963 of its own ordinary shares in the period from May 23  2024  up to and including May 30  2024  for €21.6 million and at an average share price of €149.83.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 3 055 282 436.2 142.77For the period starting May 2  2024  up to and including December 27  2024  we have engaged third parties to execute approximately €647 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens Global Communications Investor Relations t + 1 646 954 8215 ir@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.39,0.47,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'May', 'Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'new information', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'share repurchases', 'counter market', 'professional information', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'software solutions', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third parties', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'Weekly reports', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'May', 'WKL', 'services', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'December', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '2024']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890460/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-May-23-May-29-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details May 23 – May 29  2024,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details May 23 – May 29  2024  Alphen aan den Rijn - May 30  2024 -......,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details May 23 – May 29  2024Alphen aan den Rijn - May 30  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 143 963 of its own ordinary shares in the period from May 23  2024  up to and including May 30  2024  for €21.6 million and at an average share price of €149.83.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 3 055 282 436.2 142.77For the period starting May 2  2024  up to and including December 27  2024  we have engaged third parties to execute approximately €647 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens Global Communications Investor Relations t + 1 646 954 8215 ir@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'May', 'Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'software solutions', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third parties', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'professional information', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'May', 'WKL', 'services', 'repurchases', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'December', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '2024']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ESSILORLUXOTTICA-4641/news/EssilorLuxottica-Result-of-the-payment-of-dividends-in-shares-and-record-of-the-corresponding-capit-46865790/,EssilorLuxottica: Result of the payment of dividends in shares and record of the corresponding capital increase,(marketscreener.com) Result of the payment of dividends in sharesand record of the corresponding capital increase Charenton-le-Pont  France – The Annual General Meeting of EssilorLuxottica has decided to grant to the shareholders the option to receive their d…,Result of the payment of dividends in sharesand record of the corresponding capital increaseCharenton-le-Pont  France (May 30  2024 – 4:30 pm) – The Annual General Meeting of EssilorLuxottica has decided to grant to the shareholders the option to receive their dividend in shares. The price for newly issued shares for the payment of the dividend has been set at Euro 180.12 per share. This price corresponds to 90% of the average of the opening prices quoted on Euronext Paris over the twenty trading days preceding the date of the Annual General Meeting less the final dividend to be distributed for the financial year ended on December 31  2023  this total being rounded up to the next Euro cent.The period to opt for payment of the dividend in newly issued shares was open from May 8  2024  up to  and including  May 28  2024 (except for shareholders holding shares in pure registered form who exercised such option on May 24  2024 at the latest). At the end of the option period  157 650 962 rights were exercised in favor of the 2023 dividend payment in shares.For the purposes of the dividend payment in shares  3 457 244 new shares will be issued  representing 0.76% of EssilorLuxottica’s share capital on the basis of the share capital as of April 30  2024. The settlement and delivery of the shares as well as their admission to trading on Euronext Paris will occur on Monday June 3  2024. The new ordinary shares allocated in payment will confer the same rights as the existing shares and carry current dividend rights conferring the right to any distribution paid out as from the date of their issuance.The total cash dividend to be paid to the shareholders who did not choose the share option amounts to Euro 1 163 083 610.65 and will also be paid on June 3  2024.To see the monthly disclosure of share capital and voting rights as of April 30  2024  please click here and go to the Monthly Disclosures of Share Capital and Voting Rights section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['corresponding capital increase', 'EssilorLuxottica', 'Result', 'payment', 'dividends', 'shares', 'record', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'twenty trading days', 'next Euro cent', 'pure registered form', 'corresponding capital increase', 'Voting Rights section', 'current dividend rights', 'total cash dividend', 'new ordinary shares', 'same rights', 'opening prices', 'Euronext Paris', 'financial year', 'monthly disclosure', 'final dividend', '3,457,244 new shares', 'share capital', 'Monday June', 'existing shares', '2023 dividend payment', 'share option', 'option period', '157,650,962 rights', 'Result', 'dividends', 'record', 'Charenton-le-Pont', 'France', 'May', 'EssilorLuxottica', 'shareholders', 'average', 'date', 'December', 'favor', 'purposes', 'basis', 'April', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'admission', 'distribution', 'issuance', 'Attachment', '4:30']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-announces-the-launch-of-an-employee-shareholding-plan-46866517/,Ipsen announces the launch of an employee shareholding plan,(marketscreener.com)    Ipsen announces the launch of an employee shareholding plan PARIS  FRANCE  30 May 2024 - Ipsen today announced the launch of an employee shareholding plan. The fourth transaction in the last eight years aims to involve Ipsen's employee…,Ipsen announces the launch of an employee shareholding planPARIS  FRANCE  30 May 2024 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today announced the launch of an employee shareholding plan. The fourth transaction in the last eight years aims to involve Ipsen's employees more closely  both in France and abroad  in the Group's development and performance. It will be launched in 23 countries.This plan  for employee only  will be carried out through the sale of existing shares reserved for members of a Company savings plan. The sale of existing shares will be capped to a number of shares representing a maximum of 1% of the Company's share capital.Upon delegation of the Board of Directors  the Chief Executive Officer has set the subscription price of a share in the context of this transaction on 30 May 2024. The subscription price of a share corresponds to the average opening prices of the Ipsen share on Euronext Paris during the twenty (20) trading days preceding the decision of the Chief Executive Officer  less a 20% discount. The subscription price is €95.54.Beneficiaries of the OfferingThe offering is carried out pursuant to Articles L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labour Code  within the framework of Ipsen's Group Savings Plan (“PEG”) and International Group Savings Plan. Ipsen employees will benefit from an employer matching contribution.It is intended for the Group employees with at least three months' seniority and who are located in the following countries: Australia  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Colombia  Czech Republic  France  Germany  Greece  Ireland  Italy  Mexico  Netherlands  Poland  Romania  Singapore  South Korea  Spain  Sweden  Taiwan  the U.K. and the U.S.Former retired and pre-retired employees who have retained assets in the GSP since leaving the Group are also eligible to participation in the transaction  without the benefit of the employer matching contribution.The shares subscribed to  in registered form or through a Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise (“FCPE”)  will be locked-up for a period of (5) years  in accordance with the regulations governing employee savings plans  except in the case of authorized early exit events.Indicative timetable of the transactionSetting of the subscription price: 30 May 2024Subscription period: from 5 June to 19 June 2024Settlement-delivery of the offering: expected on 30 July 2024The shares purchased within the framework of the transaction will be Ipsen ordinary shares and will be fully assimilated to existing Ipsen shares listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0010259150).This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for Ipsen shares. The Ipsen share offering is strictly reserved for members of a Group employee savings plan and will only be implemented in countries where such an offering has been registered with or notified to the competent local authorities and/or following approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in consideration of an exemption from the obligation to prepare a prospectus or to register or notify the offering.ENDSAbout IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 80 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsCraig Marks | + 44 (0) 7584 349 193| + 44 (0) 7584 349 193 Nicolas Bogler | + 33 (6) 52 19 98 92MediaAmy Wolf | + 41 7957 607 23| + 41 7957 607 23 Ioana Piscociu | + 33 (6) 69 09 12 96Disclaimers and/or Forward-Looking StatementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['employee shareholding plan', 'Ipsen', 'launch', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Fonds Commun de Placement', 'International Group Savings Plan', 'Group employee savings plan', 'employee savings plans', 'The Ipsen share offering', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'average opening prices', 'twenty (20) trading days', 'employer matching contribution', ""three months' seniority"", 'competent local authorities', 'three therapeutic areas', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'employee shareholding plan', 'Company savings plan', 'French Labour Code', 'potential future acquisitions', 'last eight years', 'early exit events', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Ipsen ordinary shares', 'existing Ipsen shares', 'ISIN code', 'global hubs', 'future ability', 'future events', 'Group employees', 'existing shares', 'share capital', 'subscription price', 'Articles L.', 'Czech Republic', 'South Korea', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'Former retired', 'registered form', 'Indicative timetable', 'press release', 'Rare Disease', 'external innovation', 'Craig Marks', 'Nicolas Bogler', 'Amy Wolf', 'Ioana Piscociu', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'management strategy', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'regulatory filings', 'retired employees', 'Ipsen contacts', 'Subscription period', 'transformative medicines', 'development experience', 'unknown risks', 'Ipsen employees', 'external-growth assumptions', 'financial targets', 'fourth transaction', 'following countries', 'Euronext Paris', '100 years', '23 countries', '40 countries', '80 countries', 'launch', 'FRANCE', '30 May', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'performance', 'sale', 'members', 'number', 'maximum', 'delegation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'context', 'decision', 'less', '20% discount', 'Beneficiaries', 'framework', 'PEG', 'Australia', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'China', 'Colombia', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Mexico', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'Romania', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Taiwan', 'assets', 'GSP', 'participation', 'benefit', 'Entreprise', 'FCPE', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'case', 'Setting', '5 June', '19 June', 'Settlement-delivery', '30 July', 'solicitation', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'consideration', 'exemption', 'obligation', 'ENDS', 'focus', 'patients', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'pipeline', 'teams', 'partnerships', 'world', 'information', 'Investors', 'Media', 'Disclaimers', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account', 'parameters', 'data']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890544/0/en/Ice-Fish-Farm-Proposed-change-of-company-name.html,Ice Fish Farm – Proposed change of company name,"Reykjavík  30 May 2024 -  The board of directors of Ice Fish Farm AS (the ""Company"") will propose that the general meeting resolves to change the company name to Kaldvik AS at the Company's annual general meeting on 20 June 2024. If approved  the Company will…","Reykjavík  30 May 2024 - The board of directors of Ice Fish Farm AS (the ""Company"") will propose that the general meeting resolves to change the company name to Kaldvik AS at the Company's annual general meeting on 20 June 2024. If approved  the Company will be trading under a new name and a new ticker immediately following the general meeting.The Company is trading its shares under the ticker ""KLDVK"" on Nasdaq First North Iceland already prior to the general meeting.Contacts: Róbert Róbertsson  CFO of ICE FISH FARM AS: +354 8430086About Ice Fish Farm:Ice Fish Farm is listed on Euronext Growth Oslo. The company is the 100% owner of Fiskeldi Austfjarða ehf.  the leading farming company in Iceland with its head office in Eskifjörður. The Company is fully integrated with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.icefishfarm.is for more information about the Company.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Ice Fish Farm', 'company name', 'change', 'Fiskeldi Austfjarða ehf.', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Róbert Róbertsson', 'Nasdaq First North Iceland', 'Ice Fish Farm AS', 'Eskifjörður', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'leading farming company', 'annual general meeting', 'Kaldvik AS', 'Reykjavík', 'new name', 'head office', 'value chain', 'disclosure requirements', 'company name', 'The Company', 'new ticker', '30 May', 'board', 'directors', '20 June', 'shares', 'KLDVK', 'Contacts', 'CFO', '100% owner', 'control', 'parts', 'icefishfarm', 'information', 'Section']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/nhoa-sa-annual-general-meeting-to-be-held-on-13-june-2024-93CH-3463931,NHOA S.A.: Annual General Meeting to Be Held on 13 June 2024 By Investing.com,NHOA S.A.: Annual General Meeting to Be Held on 13 June 2024,"Conditions of availability or consultation of the preparatory documentsAdditional information on the Company's CEOPARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:NHOA S.A. (NHOA or the Company) (Paris:NHOA)  global player in energy storage and e-mobility  active in the construction of the largest fastcharging network in Southern Europe  whose securities are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (NHOA.PA)  informs its shareholders of the organizational arrangements of its annual mixed general meeting (the ""AGM"").The AGM will be held  with the shareholders and other persons entitled to attend being physically present  on Thursday 13 June 2024 at 2 Rue Ancelle  92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine  France  at 10:30 a.m.Every shareholder has the right to participate to the AGM.Shareholders may exercise their right to vote remotely:- voting by correspondence using a voting form available on the Company's website nhoagroup.com under Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024;- by giving a proxy to a person of your choice or to the Company.The preliminary notice of meeting (avis de rÃ©union) has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces LÃ©gales Obligatoires BALO on 6 May  2024  bulletin n ° 55. It includes the agenda  the draft resolutions as well as details on attendance and voting modalities for this AGM. The preliminary notice of meeting  together with the Board of Directors' report on the draft resolutions and legal information  are available on the Company's website nhoagroup.com  under the section Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024  in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.According to Article R. 22-10-23 of the Commercial Code  the preparatory documents of this AGM are made available to the shareholders from 23 May 2024 on the Company's website nhoagroup.com under the section Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024.The 2023 Universal Registration Document has been filed with the French AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers on 12 April 2024 under registration number n ° D.24-0279. It is available to the public  in compliance with legal and regulatory provisions  and may be consulted on the Company's website nhoagroup.com  in the section Investors / Regulatory Information / Universal Registration Document.The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes in particular the Corporate Governance Report  the Management Report  the statutory accounts of the Company  the consolidated financial statements of NHOA Group  the statutory auditors' reports and their fees as well as the Annual Financial Report.Furthermore  shareholders are informed that  during a meeting held on 30 May 2024  the Board of Directors of NHOA has decided to reappoint Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti as Group's Chief Executive Officer (Directeur GÃ©nÃ©ral) for an additional term of one year. The 2024 compensation package of the CEO is described in the 2023 Corporate Governance Report included in section 13.5.1 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document. In addition to what is described in section 13.5.1  the Board of Directors decided to allocate to the CEO as part of his 2024 compensation package 32 500 free shares  with 16 250 additional free shares in case of a potential over-achievement of the related performance conditions.NHOA GroupNHOA S.A. (formerly Engie EPS)  global player in energy storage  e-mobility and EV fast and ultra-fast charging network  develops technologies enabling the transition towards clean energy and sustainable mobility  shaping the future of a next generation living in harmony with our planet.Listed on Euronext Paris regulated market (NHOA.PA)  NHOA Group forms part of the ® Mid & Small and CAC ® All-Tradable financial indices.NHOA Group  with offices in France  Spain  United Kingdom  United States  Taiwan and Australia  maintains entirely in Italy research  development and production of its technologies.For further information  go to www.nhoagroup.comfollow us on LinkedInfollow us on InstagramView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530971951/en/Press Office: Claudia Caracausi and Davide Bruzzese  Image Building  +39 02 89011300  nhoa@imagebuilding.itFinancial Communication and Institutional Relations: Chiara Cerri  +39 337 1484534  ir@nhoagroup.comSource: NHOA S.A.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['NHOA S.A.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Investing.com', '13 June', 'Annonces LÃ©gales Obligatoires BALO', 'Directeur GÃ©nÃ©ral', 'annual mixed general meeting', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'largest fastcharging network', 'marchÃ©s financiers', 'Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ultra-fast charging network', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Corporate Governance Report', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'Annual Financial Report', 'related performance conditions', '16,250 additional free shares', 'NHOA S.A.', '32,500 free shares', 'registration number', 'Financial Communication', 'Management Report', 'statutory accounts', 'additional term', 'Additional information', 'preparatory documents', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'global player', 'energy storage', 'Southern Europe', 'organizational arrangements', 'other persons', 'Thursday 13 June', '2 Rue Ancelle', 'voting form', 'preliminary notice', 'rÃ©union', 'draft resolutions', 'voting modalities', 'regulatory requirements', 'Article R.', 'Commercial Code', 'French AutoritÃ©', 'regulatory provisions', 'one year', '2024 compensation package', 'Engie EPS', 'EV fast', 'clean energy', 'next generation', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Press Office', 'Claudia Caracausi', 'Davide Bruzzese', 'Image Building', 'Institutional Relations', 'Chiara Cerri', ""Directors' report"", 'Regulatory Information', 'website nhoagroup', 'NHOA Group', 'Regulatory News', 'sustainable mobility', 'source version', 'legal information', 'The AGM', '10:30 a', 'NHOA.', 'AGM.', 'availability', 'consultation', 'Company', 'CEO', 'e-mobility', 'construction', 'securities', 'shareholders', 'Seine', 'France', 'Every', 'right', 'correspondence', 'Investors', 'proxy', 'choice', 'avis', 'Bulletin', '6 May', 'agenda', 'details', 'attendance', 'Board', 'section', 'accordance', '23 May', '12 April', 'public', 'compliance', 'fees', '30 May', 'part', 'case', 'achievement', 'technologies', 'transition', 'future', 'harmony', 'planet', 'Mid', 'Small', 'CAC ®', 'offices', 'Spain', 'Taiwan', 'Australia', 'Italy', 'research', 'development', 'production', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'businesswire', 'imagebuilding']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NHOA-21479583/news/NHOA-S-A-Annual-General-Meeting-to-Be-Held-on-13-June-2024-46866670/,NHOA S.A.: Annual General Meeting to Be Held on 13 June 2024,(marketscreener.com) Conditions of availability or consultation of the preparatory documentsAdditional information on the Company’s CEOhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NHOA-21479583/news/NHOA-S-A-Annual-General-Meeting-to-Be-Held-on-13-June-20…,"Conditions of availability or consultation of the preparatory documents Additional information on the Company’s CEORegulatory News:NHOA S.A. (“NHOA” or the “Company”) (Paris:NHOA)  global player in energy storage and e-mobility  active in the construction of the largest fastcharging network in Southern Europe  whose securities are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (NHOA.PA)  informs its shareholders of the organizational arrangements of its annual mixed general meeting (the ""AGM"").The AGM will be held  with the shareholders and other persons entitled to attend being physically present  on Thursday 13 June 2024 at 2 Rue Ancelle  92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine  France  at 10:30 a.m.Every shareholder has the right to participate to the AGM.Shareholders may exercise their right to vote remotely:- voting by correspondence using a voting form available on the Company's website nhoagroup.com under Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024;- by giving a proxy to a person of your choice or to the Company.The preliminary notice of meeting (avis de réunion) has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires “BALO” on 6 May  2024  bulletin n° 55. It includes the agenda  the draft resolutions as well as details on attendance and voting modalities for this AGM. The preliminary notice of meeting  together with the Board of Directors' report on the draft resolutions and legal information  are available on the Company’s website nhoagroup.com  under the section Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024  in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.According to Article R. 22-10-23 of the Commercial Code  the preparatory documents of this AGM are made available to the shareholders from 23 May 2024 on the Company’s website nhoagroup.com under the section Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024.The 2023 Universal Registration Document has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on 12 April 2024 under registration number n° D.24-0279. It is available to the public  in compliance with legal and regulatory provisions  and may be consulted on the Company’s website nhoagroup.com  in the section Investors / Regulatory Information / Universal Registration Document.The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes in particular the Corporate Governance Report  the Management Report  the statutory accounts of the Company  the consolidated financial statements of NHOA Group  the statutory auditors’ reports and their fees as well as the Annual Financial Report.Furthermore  shareholders are informed that  during a meeting held on 30 May 2024  the Board of Directors of NHOA has decided to reappoint Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti as Group’s Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) for an additional term of one year. The 2024 compensation package of the CEO is described in the 2023 Corporate Governance Report included in section 13.5.1 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document. In addition to what is described in section 13.5.1  the Board of Directors decided to allocate to the CEO as part of his 2024 compensation package 32 500 free shares  with 16 250 additional free shares in case of a potential over-achievement of the related performance conditions.* * *NHOA GroupNHOA S.A. (formerly Engie EPS)  global player in energy storage  e-mobility and EV fast and ultra-fast charging network  develops technologies enabling the transition towards clean energy and sustainable mobility  shaping the future of a next generation living in harmony with our planet.Listed on Euronext Paris regulated market (NHOA.PA)  NHOA Group forms part of the CAC® Mid & Small and CAC® All-Tradable financial indices.NHOA Group  with offices in France  Spain  United Kingdom  United States  Taiwan and Australia  maintains entirely in Italy research  development and production of its technologies.For further information  go towww.nhoagroup.comfollow us on LinkedInfollow us on InstagramView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530971951/en/",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['NHOA S.A.', 'Annual General Meeting', '13 June', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Directeur Général', 'CAC® All-Tradable financial indices', 'annual mixed general meeting', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Annual Financial Report', 'largest fastcharging network', 'French Autorité des', 'marchés financiers', 'Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ultra-fast charging network', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Corporate Governance Report', 'statutory auditors’ reports', 'related performance conditions', 'NHOA S.A.', '16,250 additional free shares', 'website nhoagroup.com', '32,500 free shares', 'CAC® Mid', 'registration number', 'Management Report', 'statutory accounts', 'additional term', 'Additional information', 'preparatory documents', 'global player', 'energy storage', 'Southern Europe', 'organizational arrangements', 'other persons', 'Thursday 13 June', '2 Rue Ancelle', 'voting form', 'preliminary notice', 'avis de', 'réunion', 'draft resolutions', 'voting modalities', 'regulatory requirements', 'Article R.', 'Commercial Code', 'regulatory provisions', 'one year', '2024 compensation package', 'potential over-achievement', 'Engie EPS', 'EV fast', 'clean energy', 'next generation', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'source version', ""Directors' report"", 'Regulatory Information', 'NHOA Group', 'Regulatory News', 'sustainable mobility', 'legal information', 'The AGM', 'NHOA.', 'AGM.', 'availability', 'consultation', 'Company', 'CEO', 'e-mobility', 'construction', 'securities', 'shareholders', '92200 Neuilly-sur', 'Seine', 'France', 'Every', 'right', 'correspondence', 'Investors', 'proxy', 'choice', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', '6 May', 'agenda', 'details', 'attendance', 'Board', 'section', 'accordance', '23 May', '12 April', 'public', 'compliance', 'fees', '30 May', 'part', 'case', 'technologies', 'transition', 'future', 'harmony', 'planet', 'Small', 'offices', 'Spain', 'Taiwan', 'Australia', 'Italy', 'research', 'development', 'production', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'businesswire', '10:30']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CROSSJECT-15844218/news/Crossject-announces-publication-of-clinical-data-on-ZEPIZURE-in-Neurology-and-Therapy-46861883/,Crossject announces publication of clinical data on ZEPIZURE ® in Neurology and Therapy,(marketscreener.com)   Clinical study performed in 2022 now published in peer-reviewed Neurology and Therapy Further elaborates on bioequivalence demonstrated versus European listed drug Dormicum® Early onset can be expected thanks to early blood concentratio…,Clinical study performed in 2022 now published in peer-reviewed Neurology and TherapyFurther elaborates on bioequivalence demonstrated versus European listed drug Dormicum®Early onset can be expected thanks to early blood concentration of midazolam with ZEPIZURE®Low variability confirmed  a key advantage vs other forms of administration  such as intranasalDijon  France May 30  2024 -1030 am CET- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company in advanced phases of development and registration for ZEPIZURE®  its emergency treatment for the management of epileptic crises based on its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO®  announces the publication of clinical data in the peer-reviewed journal Neurology and Therapy.Seizures require urgent treatment when they last longer than 5 minutes and when prolonged  can lead to damage to the brain  coma  and ultimately death. Midazolam injected in the muscle has become the first-line treatment of choice for long-lasting seizures. ZEPIZURE®  based on the ZENEO® autoinjector and previously known as ZENEO® Midazolam  provides for needle-free delivery of midazolam with significant associated advantages.The article now published outlines full results of a clinical study conducted in 2022  demonstrating that ZENEO® allows injecting midazolam intramuscularly  on bare skin or through clothing  to the same extent as a syringe equipped with a 30mm needle (Dormicum®)  and with a 2-fold lower variability as compared to that usually observed for routes of administration such as intranasal. In addition  ZEPIZURE® enhanced the midazolam absorption during the first minutes post-injection  suggesting that seizure treatment may be efficient sooner. The safety profile  level of pain and sedation were comparable to intramuscular syringe injection. The maximum blood concentration reached with ZEPIZURE® is not above that with Dormicum®  which is a good indication in terms of safety.“The ZENEO® needle-free auto-injector is an innovative  prefilled  single-dose  ready-to-use  two-step device that could become the best in-class device for midazolam intramuscular administration in emergencies. Delivery of the full  10mg dose in a safe manner  with low variability and in convenient conditions  is a decisive advantage in emergency situations ” said Olivier Lacombe  PhD  Director Pharmaceutical Development of Crossject and lead author of the article.The 4-period  crossover and randomized study was conducted on 40 healthy subjects  with gender  ethnicity and body mass index diversity (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05026567). Data reported in November 2022 showed that the primary objective was met in the trial  with the evaluation of the relative bioavailability of midazolam after injection with the needle-free autoinjector ZENEO® (10mg midazolam in 0.625mL). This was compared to injection of Dormicum® (10mg midazolam in 2mL) by a conventional syringe with a 30mm needle  into the thigh on bare skin.“The detailed clinical results published today in Neurology and Therapy on ZEPIZURE® are exciting  as they outline quick delivery of a life-saving medicine ” said Patrick Alexandre  CEO of Crossject.Click here for the full article.About CrossjectCrossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com ) is an emerging specialty pharma company. It is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). ZEPIZURE® is based on the Company’s award-winning needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®  designed to enable patients and untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver emergency medication via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include rescue therapies for allergic shocks  adrenal insufficiencies  opioid overdose and asthma attacks.For further information  please contact:InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.2,0.29,True,English,"['clinical data', 'Crossject', 'publication', 'ZEPIZURE ®', 'Neurology', 'Therapy', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'body mass index diversity', 'award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO®', 'European listed drug Dormicum®', 'emerging specialty pharma company', 'Natasha Drapeau Cohesion Bureau', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'The ZENEO® needle-free auto-injector', 'maximum blood concentration', 'innovative, prefilled, single-dose', 'needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®', 'early blood concentration', '2-fold lower variability', 'full, 10mg dose', 'advanced regulatory development', 'detailed clinical results', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'intramuscular syringe injection', 'midazolam intramuscular administration', 'The Company', 'ZENEO® autoinjector', 'advanced phases', 'needle-free delivery', 'full results', 'Early onset', 'epileptic crises', 'rescue therapies', 'Low variability', 'intramuscular injection', 'Clinical study', 'ZENEO® Midazolam', 'key advantage', 'other forms', 'emergency treatment', 'peer-reviewed journal', 'urgent treatment', 'first-line treatment', 'bare skin', 'same extent', '30mm needle', 'seizure treatment', 'good indication', 'two-step device', 'class device', 'safe manner', 'convenient conditions', 'decisive advantage', 'emergency situations', 'Olivier Lacombe', 'lead author', 'randomized study', '40 healthy subjects', 'primary objective', 'relative bioavailability', 'conventional syringe', 'life-saving medicine', 'Patrick Alexandre', '$60 million contract', 'untrained caregivers', 'emergency medication', 'other products', 'allergic shocks', 'adrenal insufficiencies', 'opioid overdose', 'asthma attacks', 'Pharmaceutical Development', 'Development Authority', 'clinical data', 'quick delivery', 'full article', 'long-lasting seizures', 'midazolam absorption', 'first minutes', 'safety profile', 'mg midazolam', 'CET- Crossject', 'Crossject SA', '5 minutes', 'Neurology', 'elaborates', 'bioequivalence', 'ZEPIZURE®', 'intranasal', 'Dijon', 'France', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'registration', 'management', 'publication', 'damage', 'brain', 'coma', 'death', 'muscle', 'choice', 'significant', 'advantages', 'clothing', 'routes', 'addition', 'level', 'pain', 'sedation', 'terms', 'emergencies', 'PhD', 'Director', 'crossover', 'ethnicity', 'ClinicalTrials', 'November', 'evaluation', '0.625mL', '2mL', 'thigh', 'CEO', 'BARDA', 'patients', 'information', 'Investors', 'cohesionbureau', 'Media', 'Attachment']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NHOA-21479583/news/NHOA-Terms-of-availability-of-the-preparatory-documents-for-the-GM-46867191/,NHOA : Terms of availability of the preparatory documents for the GM,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON 13 JUNE 2024   Conditions of availability or consultation of the preparatory documents   Additional information on the Company's CEO   Paris  30 May 2024 - NHOA S.A.   g…,"PRESS RELEASEANNUAL GENERAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON 13 JUNE 2024Conditions of availability or consultation of the preparatory documentsAdditional information on the Company's CEOParis  30 May 2024 - NHOA S.A. (""NHOA"" or the ""Company"")  global player in energy storage and e- mobility  active in the construction of the largest fastcharging network in Southern Europe  whose securities are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (NHOA.PA)  informs its shareholders of the organizational arrangements of its annual mixed general meeting (the ""AGM"").The AGM will be held  with the shareholders and other persons entitled to attend being physically present  on Thursday 13 June 2024 at 2 Rue Ancelle  92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine  France  at 10:30 a.m.Every shareholder has the right to participate to the AGM.Shareholders may exercise their right to vote remotely:voting by correspondence using a voting form available on the Company's website nhoagroup.com under Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024 ;under / ; by giving a proxy to a person of your choice or to the Company.The preliminary notice of meeting (avis de réunion) has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires ""BALO"" on 6 May  2024  bulletin n° 55. It includes the agenda  the draft resolutions as well as details on attendance and voting modalities for this AGM. The preliminary notice of meeting  together with the Board of Directors' report on the draft resolutions and legal information  are available on the Company's website nhoagroup.com  under the section Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024  in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.According to Article R. 22-10-23 of the Commercial Code  the preparatory documents of this AGM are made available to the shareholders from 23 May 2024 on the Company's website nhoagroup.com under the section Investors / Annual General Meeting 2024.The 2023 Universal Registration Document has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on 12 April 2024 under registration number n° D.24-0279. It is available to the public  in compliance with legal and regulatory provisions  and may be consulted on the Company's website nhoagroup.com  in the section Investors / Regulatory Information / Universal Registration Document.The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes in particular the Corporate Governance Report  the Management Report  the statutory accounts of the Company  the consolidated financial statements of NHOA Group  the statutory auditors' reports and their fees as well as the Annual Financial Report.Furthermore  shareholders are informed that  during a meeting held on 30 May 2024  the Board of Directors of NHOA has decided to reappoint Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti as Group's Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) for an additional term of one year. The 2024 compensation package of the CEO is described in the 2023 Corporate Governance Report included in section 13.5.1 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document. In addition to what is described in section 13.5.1  the Board of Directors decided to allocate to the CEO as part of his 2024 compensation package 32 500 free shares  with 16 250 additional free shares in case of a potential over-achievement of the related performance conditions.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['preparatory documents', 'NHOA', 'Terms', 'availability', 'GM', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Directeur Général', 'annual mixed general meeting', 'largest fastcharging network', 'French Autorité des', 'marchés financiers', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti', 'Chief Executive Officer', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual Financial Report', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Corporate Governance Report', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'related performance conditions', 'NHOA S.A.', '16,250 additional free shares', '32,500 free shares', 'registration number', 'Management Report', 'statutory accounts', 'Additional information', 'additional term', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'preparatory documents', 'global player', 'energy storage', 'e- mobility', 'Southern Europe', 'organizational arrangements', 'other persons', '2 Rue Ancelle', 'voting form', 'website nhoagroup', 'preliminary notice', 'avis de', 'réunion', 'draft resolutions', 'voting modalities', 'regulatory requirements', 'Article R.', 'Commercial Code', 'regulatory provisions', 'Regulatory Information', 'one year', '2024 compensation package', ""Directors' report"", 'Euronext Paris', 'Thursday 13 June', 'legal information', 'NHOA Group', 'NHOA.', 'availability', 'consultation', 'Company', 'CEO', 'construction', 'securities', 'market', 'shareholders', 'AGM', '92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'Every', 'right', 'correspondence', 'Investors', 'proxy', 'choice', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', '6 May', 'agenda', 'details', 'attendance', 'Board', 'section', 'accordance', '23 May', '12 April', 'public', 'compliance', 'fees', '30 May', 'part', 'case', 'achievement', '10:30', '°']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41916,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4122179.html,Accor’s expansion of new-era airport hotels taps into rapidly ascending travel sector,Australia’s largest hotel operator  Accor  is taking off with a new breed of hotels that are helping transform airport precincts into dynamic mini-cities.,Australia’s largest hotel operator  Accor  is taking off with a new breed of hotels that are helping transform airport precincts into dynamic mini-cities.Accor’s newest airport hotels are set to open at Melbourne Airport on 1 July. The Novotel and ibis Styles Melbourne Airport hotels will be its third and fourth in the precinct and the first new internationally branded hotels at the airport for almost 20 years.The $230 million hotel development  designed by FK Architect and with interiors by Woods Bagot  boasts 464 stylishly designed guestrooms split between Novotel (248 rooms) and ibis Styles (216 rooms).The dual-branded hotels will open at a time when Melbourne Airport is attracting record international passenger numbers. In March  the debut of Turkish Airlines helped Melbourne Airport attract 923 065 international travellers  surpassing the previous monthly record in 2018.It is forecast that 76 million passengers will pass through Melbourne Airport by 2042  almost doubling 2019 passenger figures.Reflecting the growth of the airport precinct into an aerotropolis  the two dual-branded hotels offer a comprehensive range of facilities to cater for business  conference and leisure guests  as well as workers and visitors to the airport district.Facilities include three food and beverage outlets  function facilities for up to 330 guests  and The Aerofoil hotel-serviced co-working space  which is spread across two floors and available to guests and non-guests for short-term or long-term business.Guests at both properties and transiting travellers will also have access to Higher State  Melbourne’s first airport health and wellbeing club. The one-of-a-kind club features an indoor heated swimming pool  sauna  massage  and fitness centre  providing the ultimate revitalisation sanctuary for travellers.In addition to the new-build Novotel and ibis Styles hotels  Accor’s Mantra hotel at Tullamarine is about to undergo a multi-million-dollar refurbishment. The comprehensive project involves upgrading executive  premier  and deluxe studios and suites  including new furniture  bedding  and interior design. The hotel’s restaurant and bar will also be refreshed in the process.Expanding Accor’s airport hotel networkBetween 2014 and 2024  Accor has increased its number of airport hotels across the Pacific region by 144% (with 22 airport hotels in 2024 vs nine in 2014).The opening of the Novotel & ibis Styles Melbourne Airport follows other significant Accor airport hotel developments across the Pacific region in the past year.Australia’s first airport ‘resort’ launched last December following the $30 million investment by Airport Development Group (ADG) in the upgrading and integration of the award-winning Novotel & Mercure Darwin Airport hotels. The reimagined resort property added a 61-metre swimming pool  new pool villas  additional food and beverage outlets  an integrated arrivals and welcome area  extensive Indigenous artwork and murals and an Indigenous training academy.In New Zealand  Accor recently added a Pullman hotel to its existing Novotel and ibis hotels at Auckland Airport. Te Arikinui Pullman Auckland Airport Hotel is the first five-star hotel to open in the Auckland Airport precinct and is just 100m from the front entrance of the international terminal.With the addition of Novotel and ibis Styles Melbourne Airport  Accor now operates 22 airport hotels across the Pacific - the largest airport hotel operator in the region.Accor Pacific Chief Operating Officer PM&E  Adrian Williams  said the expansion of the Group’s airport hotel network highlighted the evolution of airport precincts into major commercial and service centres.Airport hotels are no longer necessarily just about transiting travellers; they are the engines of whole new integrated multi-use developments that have evolved to offer a complete mix of business  retail  industry and tourism activities  said Mr Williams.Airport precincts are transforming into mini-cities in their own right with their own demand drivers.Novotel and ibis Styles Melbourne Airport will be a prime example of hotels fuelling this demand and providing considerably more than just a place to sleep for a night. In particular  we expect the hotels to become highly popular venues for conferences  events  incentives  and functions  fuelled by the range of leisure facilities within the area.The precinct around Melbourne Airport is thriving  and with tourist attractions such as UrbanSurf and iFLY within 15 minutes of the airport  the hotels are well located and designed for satisfying leisure guests and conference groups .The reasons to stay at an airport hotel are growing exponentially  and particularly in Melbourne  where the lack of integrated transport options to the terminals makes staying overnight at one of our hotels and relaxing and preparing for a major overseas trip one of the best investments a traveller can make. Starting a long international trip stress free is a massive plus for wellbeing.Accor is the largest hotel operator in Victoria  with 70 hotels  resorts and apartments across the State.In the Melbourne CBD  Shadow Play Melbourne by Peppers recently unveiled its Level 45 Penthouse Series  adding five lavish three-bedroom penthouse apartments with awe-inspiring panoramic views of Melbourne.From luxury to economy  Accor operates 19 international brands across Australia  New Zealand  Fiji and French Polynesia  such as Sofitel  MGallery  Art Series  Pullman  Swissôtel  Mövenpick  Grand Mercure  Peppers  The Sebel  Mantra  Handwritten Collection  Novotel  TRIBE  Mercure  BreakFree  ibis  ibis Styles and ibis budget  as well as Ennismore’s SO/. Visit ALL.comAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['new-era airport hotels', 'ascending travel sector', 'Accor', 'expansion', 'rapidly', 'Te Arikinui Pullman Auckland Airport Hotel', 'other significant Accor airport hotel developments', 'Accor Pacific Chief Operating Officer', 'first new internationally branded hotels', 'new integrated multi-use developments', 'indoor heated swimming pool', 'ibis Styles Melbourne Airport hotels', 'record international passenger numbers', 'largest airport hotel operator', '61-metre swimming pool', 'largest hotel operator', 'previous monthly record', 'first five-star hotel', 'ibis Styles hotels', 'new pool villas', 'first airport health', 'ultimate revitalisation sanctuary', 'extensive Indigenous artwork', 'Indigenous training academy', 'integrated transport options', 'airport hotel network', 'first airport ‘resort', 'long international trip', 'The Aerofoil hotel-serviced', 'major overseas trip', '$230 million hotel development', 'Auckland Airport precinct', 'newest airport hotels', 'Darwin Airport hotels', 'Airport Development Group', 'two dual-branded hotels', 'Pullman hotel', 'ibis hotels', '22 airport hotels', 'new breed', '2019 passenger figures', 'Mantra hotel', 'new furniture', 'integrated arrivals', 'New Zealand', 'airport precincts', 'airport district', 'international terminal', 'two floors', 'resort property', 'major commercial', '76 million passengers', '$30 million investment', '923,065 international travellers', 'Pacific region', 'The Novotel', 'FK Architect', 'Woods Bagot', 'Turkish Airlines', 'three food', 'beverage outlets', 'Higher State', 'kind club', 'fitness centre', 'multi-million-dollar refurbishment', 'comprehensive project', 'deluxe studios', 'interior design', 'past year', 'additional food', 'front entrance', 'PM&E', 'Adrian Williams', 'service centres', 'complete mix', 'tourism activities', 'Mr Williams', 'prime example', 'popular venues', 'tourist attractions', 'conference groups', 'best investments', 'massive plus', 'business, conference', 'long-term business', 'new-build Novotel', 'award-winning Novotel', 'existing Novotel', 'dynamic mini-cities', 'comprehensive range', 'function facilities', 'transiting travellers', 'wellbeing club', 'welcome area', 'demand drivers', 'leisure facilities', 'leisure guests', 'Novotel (248 rooms', '70 hotel', '16 rooms', '330 guests', 'Australia', '1 July', '20 years', 'interiors', '464 stylishly', 'guestrooms', 'time', 'March', 'debut', 'growth', 'aerotropolis', 'workers', 'visitors', 'short-term', 'properties', 'access', 'sauna', 'massage', 'Tullamarine', 'suites', 'bedding', 'restaurant', 'bar', 'process', 'opening', 'ADG', 'upgrading', 'integration', 'Mercure', 'murals', 'expansion', 'evolution', 'engines', 'retail', 'industry', 'right', 'place', 'night', 'conferences', 'events', 'incentives', 'functions', 'UrbanSurf', 'iFLY', '15 minutes', 'reasons', 'lack', 'terminals', 'Victoria']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,hospitalitynet.org
41917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-S-P-A-141793545/news/Energy-S-p-A-acquires-90-of-Enermore-S-r-l-and-expands-its-business-into-Germany-Austria-and-Swit-46861485/,Energy S.p.A acquires 90% of Enermore S.r.l. and expands its business into Germany  Austria and Switzerland,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: Energy S.p.A. / Key word: Takeover/AcquisitionEnergy S.p.A acquires 90% of Enermore S.r.l. and expands its business into Germany  Austria and Switzerland 30.05.2024 / 09:41 CET/CESTThe issuer is…,"EQS-News: Energy S.p.A. / Key word(s): Takeover/AcquisitionEnergy S.p.A acquires 90% of Enermore S.r.l. and expands its business into Germany  Austria and Switzerland30.05.2024 / 09:41 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Energy S.p.A acquires 90% of Enermore S.r.l. and expands its business into Germany  Austria and SwitzerlandEnermore S.r.l. specializes in large-scale storage system installation and maintenance consultancy  design and control and has a particular presence in the D-A-CH area.CEO Tinazzi: ""The acquisition brings with it many advantages  including the provision of greater engineering support to the design and construction of medium to large plants  boosting the quantity and quality of services for our clients.""Sant'Angelo di Piove di Sacco (Padua)  May 30  2024 - Energy S.p.A. (the “Company” or “Energy”)  an Italian leader in storage systems for energy from renewable sources (BESS  Battery Energy Storage System)  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market (ISIN Code IT0005500712  Ticker ENY)  announces that on May 29  2024  it has signed a preliminary agreement to purchase 90% of the share capital of Enermore S.r.l  a company based in Sterzing (BZ) and held by a German holding company  Natural Resources Holding AG.Enermore S.r.l. specializes in storage system installation and maintenance consultancy  design and control.The transaction is expected to close by the first half of June 2024. Following the closing  the governance of the company - which will retain its current name considering the recognition it has achieved on the market - will be entrusted to a Board of Directors  of which Energy S.p.A. will hold the majority.In line with the company's growth strategy  the acquisition aims to strengthen the Energy Group’s know-how regarding the integration of storage systems into power generation plants  with the goal of extending the technical service offering to the renewable energy sector supply chain.The acquisition will take place in cash  based on an assessed Enterprise Value of Euro 2.2 million  net of the forecast Net Financial Position of approximately Euro 1.2 million at the closing date of the transaction. Enermore S.r.l. for 2023 reported sales of Euro 3.8 million and EBITDA of Euro 0.5 million.""The acquisition of Enermore S.r.l. brings with it many advantages: primarily  the Energy S.p.A. Group can now offer more engineering support for the design and construction phases of medium to large plants  increasing the quantity and quality of services for our clients” stated Energy S.p.A. CEO Davide Tinazzi ""The geographic proximity to the D-A-CH area[1] will facilitate communication and mutual understanding in the negotiation  planning and execution of complex projects in the focus areas. An additional benefit is that Enermore is the bridgehead for our consolidation in the D-A-CH market  where it has been present for many years both with significant projects and offering through its own distribution network products that complement Energy's range of solutions. Finally  a further advantage is the ability to provide control electronics and field (edge) software  complementary to the type of widespread (cloud) software offered by EnergyInCloud S.r.l.  which was acquired in 2023.""***This press release is available on Energy S.p.A.’s website (www.energysynt.com) in the Investor Relations/Press Releases section and on www.emarketstorage.com.***Energy S.p.A.  founded in 2013 by Davide Tinazzi  Andrea Taffurelli and Massimiliano Ghirlanda and listed since August 1  2022 on the Euronext Growth Milan market of the Italian Stock Exchange  is headquartered in the province of Padua (Italy) and is an energy storage systems for both residential and large-scale applications sector leader. Our systems allow energy to be stored and released according to customers' energy needs. Energy has to date sold and installed more than 60 000 systems across the country  with a focus on the residential  commercial  industrial  utilities and electric mobility markets. At December 31  2023  revenues were Euro 63.3 million and net profit Euro 5.6 million. The biggest projects executed include the large-scale plant in Comiso (Sicily)  consisting of an agrivoltaic plant and a photovoltaic field  the large-scale plant at the CAAB Centre in Bologna  the Smart Grids at numerous municipalities in Sardinia and Lombardy and a Condominium Energy Community in Switzerland where individual hubs exchange energy as needed. Energy's sales channels include both general electrical distributors and PV specialists  while the company also works with large European EPCs. The proximity of Energy's logistics to the headquarters of major distributors has allowed the company to establish strong partnerships with the Italian and European market players. The company purchases components from major international suppliers and combines them with its ""Zero CO2"" proprietary software to build EU standard compliant systems. www.energyspa.comAbout Enermore S.r.l.. - With a staff of about 10  mainly engineers  Enermore S.r.l. designs the integration of storage systems into power generation plants of different types  and particularly large plants. It technically assists various renewable supply chain operators: developers  investors  large EPC (Engineering  Procurement and Construction)  companies  utilities and other contracting stations. The company has a particular presence in the D-A-CH area (Germany  Austria  Switzerland)  involved in both the integrated design and management of on-site installation and after-sales maintenance activities  including the combination of lithium storage systems with other emerging technologies (e.g.  hydrogen).ContactsCompanyEnergy S.p.A.Tel. +39 049 2701296investor@energysynt.comIR & Corporate Media Relations Advisors InternationalTWIN SrlMara Di GiorgioTel. +39 335 7737417energy@twin.servicesIR- & Pressekontakt DeutschlandFabian LorenzTel. 0221 / 29831588 lorenz@florenz-kommunikation.de",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Energy S.p.A', 'Enermore S.r.l.', 'business', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', ""Sant'Angelo di Piove di Sacco"", 'renewable energy sector supply chain', 'Energy S.p.A. Group', 'Energy S.p.A. CEO', 'Investor Relations/Press Releases section', 'EnergyInCloud S.r.l.', 'Natural Resources Holding AG', 'Zero CO2"" proprietary software', 'Enermore S.r.l.', 'large-scale applications sector leader', 'EU standard compliant systems', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Battery Energy Storage System', 'large-scale storage system installation', 'Key word(s', 'widespread (cloud) software', 'technical service offering', 'distribution network products', 'electric mobility markets', 'Condominium Energy Community', 'European market players', 'Net Financial Position', 'general electrical distributors', 'major international suppliers', 'power generation plants', 'large European EPCs', 'greater engineering support', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'energy storage systems', 'German holding company', 'Energy Group', 'CEO Tinazzi', 'renewable sources', 'growth strategy', 'Italian leader', 'large-scale plant', 'major distributors', 'energy needs', 'D-A-CH market', 'large plants', 'net profit', 'maintenance consultancy', 'particular presence', 'D-A-CH area', 'many advantages', 'medium to', 'ISIN Code', 'preliminary agreement', 'share capital', 'first half', 'current name', 'Enterprise Value', 'Davide Tinazzi', 'mutual understanding', 'complex projects', 'additional benefit', 'many years', 'significant projects', 'Andrea Taffurelli', 'Massimiliano Ghirlanda', 'biggest projects', 'agrivoltaic plant', 'CAAB Centre', 'Smart Grids', 'numerous municipalities', 'individual hubs', 'PV specialists', 'strong partnerships', 'closing date', 'construction phases', 'geographic proximity', 'focus areas', 'photovoltaic field', 'sales channels', 'control electronics', '60,000 systems', 'EQS-News', 'Acquisition', 'business', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'design', 'provision', 'quantity', 'quality', 'services', 'clients', 'Padua', 'May', 'BESS', 'Ticker', 'ENY', 'Sterzing', 'BZ', 'transaction', 'June', 'governance', 'recognition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'majority', 'line', 'know-how', 'integration', 'goal', 'place', 'cash', 'forecast', 'EBITDA', 'communication', 'negotiation', 'planning', 'execution', 'bridgehead', 'consolidation', 'range', 'solutions', 'ability', 'type', 'website', 'energysynt', 'emarketstorage', 'August', 'province', 'Italy', 'residential', 'country', 'industrial', 'utilities', 'December', 'revenues', 'Comiso', 'Bologna', 'Sardinia', 'Lombardy', 'logistics', 'headquarters', 'components', 'energyspa', 'staff', '09']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IRISH-RESIDENTIAL-PROPERT-16290109/news/Director-PDMR-Shareholding-46866710/,Director/PDMR Shareholding,(marketscreener.com) Irish Residential Properties REIT plc Director/PDMR Shareholding 30-May-2024 / 17:44 GMT/BSTNotification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with them…,Irish Residential Properties REIT plc (IRES)Director/PDMR Shareholding30-May-2024 / 17:44 GMT/BSTNotification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with them This form is required for disclosure of transactions under Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name EDDIE BYRNE 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER b) Initial Notification Amendment INITIAL NOTIFICATION 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name IRISH RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES REIT PLC b) LEI 635400EOPACLULRENY18 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES OF €0.10 EACH IDENTIFICATION CODE: IE00BJ34P519 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a conditional award of 642 921 ordinary shares of €0.10 each to be issued in accordance withthe Irish Residential properties REIT PLC 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan. Vesting of the LTIP award is strictly subject to satisfactory attainment of stretching performance metricsover the THREE-YEAR performance periods to year-end 2026 in accordance with the plan rules and the company's Remuneration Policy c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) of Ordinary Shares €0.9974 642 921 d) Aggregated information — Aggregated volume — Price N/A – single transaction e) Date of the transaction 28 May 2024 f) Place of the transaction EURONEXT DUBLIN g) Additional Information NONE Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with them This form is required for disclosure of transactions under Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name BRIAN FAGAN 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER b) Initial Notification Amendment INITIAL NOTIFICATION 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name IRISH RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES REIT PLC b) LEI 635400EOPACLULRENY18 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES OF €0.10 EACH IDENTIFICATION CODE: IE00BJ34P519 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a conditional award of 380 990 ordinary shares of €0.10 each to be issued in accordance withthe Irish Residential properties REIT PLC 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan. Vesting of the LTIP award is strictly subject to satisfactory attainment of stretching performance metricsover the THREE-YEAR performance periods to year-end 2026 in accordance with the plan rules and the company's Remuneration Policy c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) of Ordinary Shares €0.9974 380 990 d) Aggregated information — Aggregated volume — Price N/A – single transaction e) Date of the transaction 28 May 2024 f) Place of the transaction EURONEXT DUBLIN g) Additional Information NONEDissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'Irish Residential properties REIT PLC 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan', 'Name IRISH RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES REIT PLC', 'Name EDDIE BYRNE 2 Reason', 'Name BRIAN FAGAN 2 Reason', 'Position/status CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER', 'emission allowance market participant', 'Position/status CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER', 'instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES', 'EACH IDENTIFICATION CODE', 'THREE-YEAR performance periods', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'plan rules', 'Initial Notification Amendment', 'financial instrument', '642,921 ordinary shares', '380,990 ordinary shares', 'performance metricsover', 'Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'Managerial Responsibilities', 'European Parliament', 'LEI 635400EOPACLULRENY18', 'conditional award', 'LTIP award', 'satisfactory attainment', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Price(s', 'Aggregated information', 'Price N/A', 'EURONEXT DUBLIN', 'Additional Information', 'EQS Group', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'Volume(s', 'Aggregated volume', 'transaction(s', 'transaction Grant', 'single transaction', 'Regulatory Announcement', 'NONE Notification', 'IRES', '44 GMT', 'BST', 'Transactions', 'Persons', 'disclosure', 'Article', 'Council', '16 April', 'Details', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'IE00BJ34P519', 'Nature', 'accordance', 'Vesting', 'year-end', 'company', 'Dissemination', 'content', '17']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890406/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Availability-of-preparatory-documents-for-Bureau-Veritas-Ordinary-Shareholders-Meeting-of-June-20-2024.html,BUREAU VERITAS - Availability of preparatory documents for Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of June 20  2024,PRESS RELEASE    Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – May 30  2024    Availability of preparatory documents for Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting...,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – May 30  2024Availability of preparatory documents for Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of June 20  2024Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday  June 20  2024  at 3:00 p.m.  in the Auditorium of the Company’s registered office located at Immeuble Newtime  40/52  boulevard du Parc in Neuilly-sur-Seine (92200)  France  for the purpose of discussing the agenda and the draft resolutions contained in the preliminary Notice of Meeting (Avis de réunion) published on May 6  2024 in the legal gazette Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoiresno. 55.The main instructions for participating and voting at the Meeting are described in the above-mentioned preliminary Notice of Meeting (Avis de réunion) as well as in the convening Notice of Meeting (Avis de convocation) published in the legal gazette Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires no. 65 and in the newspaper Actu-Juridique of May 29  2024.The preparatory documents and information relating to the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting will be made available to shareholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The documents and information referred to in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are available on the page dedicated to the Shareholders’ Meeting on the Company’s website (https://group.bureauveritas.com/shareholders-meeting). They are mainly included in the Notice of Meeting (Brochure de convocation) and the 2023 Universal registration document.Shareholders are invited to regularly visit the updates of the page dedicated to the Shareholders’ Meeting in the Investors section of the Company’s website mentioned above.ABOUT BUREAU VERITASBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress. With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on LinkedIn and X/Twitter .Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com. ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 + 33 (0)6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'Availability', 'June', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey', 'Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Avis de réunion', 'legal gazette Bulletin', '2023 Universal registration document', 'French Commercial Code', 'laboratory testing services', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'Brochure de', 'ISIN code', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'registered office', 'Immeuble Newtime', 'draft resolutions', 'main instructions', 'applicable laws', 'Investors section', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'technical experts', 'environmental protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'stock symbol', 'blockchain technology', 'preliminary Notice', 'convening Notice', 'preparatory documents', 'world leader', 'powerful purpose', 'customers’ excellence', 'Colin Verbrugghe', 'Karine Ansart', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'May', 'Availability', 'June 20', 'Thursday', 'Auditorium', 'Company', 'boulevard', 'Parc', 'agenda', 'convocation', 'newspaper', 'Actu-Juridique', 'information', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Article', 'page', 'website', 'bureauveritas', 'updates', 'inspection', 'certification', 'trust', 'vision', 'sustainability', 'change', '83,000 employees', '140 countries', 'challenges', 'health', 'safety', 'BVI.', 'LinkedIn', 'X/Twitter', 'Attachment', '2024', '3:00', '1 55']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-S-A-2024-AGM-Result-46866909/,GenSight Biologics S A : 2024 AGM Result,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Gensight Biologics announces the approval of all resolutions supported by the Board of Directors at its Combined General Meeting   Paris  France  May 30  2024  7:30 pm CEST - The Combined General Meeting of share…,Press ReleaseGensight Biologics announces the approval of all resolutions supported by the Board of Directors at its Combined General MeetingParis  France  May 30  2024  7:30 pm CEST - The Combined General Meeting of shareholders of GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  met.on May 29  2024  at 9:00 am CEST at the Company's headquarters  74 rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine  75012 Paris  France.The General Meeting was chaired by Laurence Rodriguez  Chief Executive Officer of the Company.All resolutions recommended by the Board and submitted to the Combined General Meeting were adopted with the exception of the A and B resolutions which were rejected  in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors. The quorum on first convening amounted to 46.81%.The results of the vote by resolution are available on the Company's website in the Investors section (www.gensight-biologics.com/investors-media)ContactsGenSight Biologics LifeSci Advisors Chief Financial Officer Investor relations Ivan Tortet Guillaume van Renterghem itortet@gensight-biologics.com gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com +41 (0)76 735 01 31About GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics' pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate  LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage  developed for the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease affecting primarily teens and young adults that leads to irreversible blindness. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics' product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.47,0.52,True,English,"['GenSight Biologics S A', '2024 AGM Result', 'Chief Financial Officer Investor relations Ivan Tortet Guillaume van Renterghem', ""GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate"", 'central nervous system disorders', '74 rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'two core technology platforms', 'Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy', 'sustainable functional visual recovery', ""GenSight Biologics' product candidates"", 'GenSight Biologics LifeSci Advisors', 'GenSight Biologics S.A.', 'The Combined General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'innovative gene therapies', 'Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence', 'rare mitochondrial disease', 'gene therapy-based approach', ""GenSight Biologics' pipeline"", 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'clinical-stage biopharma company', 'retinal diseases', 'Press Release', 'Laurence Rodriguez', 'first convening', 'lenadogene nolparvovec', 'investigational compound', 'young adults', 'irreversible blindness', 'intravitreal injection', 'Investors section', 'single treatment', 'B resolutions', 'approval', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Paris', 'France', 'shareholders', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'May', 'headquarters', 'exception', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'quorum', 'results', 'vote', 'website', 'media', 'Contacts', 'gvanrenterghem', 'lifesciadvisors', 'MTS', 'optogenetics', 'vision', 'patients', 'LUMEVOQ®', 'country', 'LHON', 'teens', 'eye', '7:30', '9:00']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOVACYT-11681992/news/Novacyt-NCYT-Full-Year-2023-Results-30-05-2024-46859185/,Novacyt : NCYT – Full Year 2023 Results (30.05.2024),(marketscreener.com)  30 MayNCYT - Full Year 2023 Results    Posted at 07:05hin Board  Newsby Sophie Fairhurst   Novacyt S.A.      Full Year 2023 results Integration of Yourgene Health remains on track Laying the foundations for future growth …,"30 MayPosted at 07:05h in Board   News by Sophie FairhurstNovacyt S.A.(""Novacyt""  the ""Company"" or the ""Group"")Full Year 2023 resultsIntegration of Yourgene Health remains on trackLaying the foundations for future growthParis  France  and Eastleigh and Manchester  UK - 30 May 2024 - Novacyt S.A. (EURONEXT GROWTH: ALNOV; AIM: NCYT)  an international molecular diagnostics company with a broad portfolio of integrated technologies and services  announces its audited results for the year ended 31 December 2023. The results include almost four months' trading of Yourgene Health Limited (formerly plc) (""Yourgene"") following its acquisition by the Group  which completed on 8 September 2023.Operational Highlights (including post year-end and Yourgene 2023 activities pre-acquisition)Completed the strategic acquisition of Yourgene  significantly enhancing Novacyt's global diagnostics business  adding scale and diversification to accelerate long-term growth.Lyn Rees and John Brown CBE joined the Novacyt Board as Executive and Non-Executive Director respectively.Lyn Rees appointed Chief Executive Officer following a six-year tenure as CEO of Yourgene Health plc  bringing over 28 years' global healthcare leadership and commercial experience.Steve Gibson appointed CFO  and to join the Board along with Dr Jo Mason  CSO  subject to shareholder approval.IVDR certification: received first IVDR accreditation for the Yourgene DPYD genotyping assay for chemotoxicity in chemotherapy patients; submitted application for Cystic Fibrosis quantitative fluorescence PCR (QF-PCR) test.Yourgene became a compatible partner of PacBio  a leading global developer of sequencing technology  supporting the use of the LightBench™ instrument (Ranger® Technology) to its global customer base.Yourgene launched MagBench™ automated DNA extraction platform for NIPT workflows in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East.Launch of the Primer Design Co-Prep ES instrument  providing automated DNA and RNA extraction using Primer Design assays  for use in multiple applications.Primer Design launched a range of ""complete"" assays  including customised mastermix reagent for RUO customers.Financial HighlightsAcquired the AIM-listed company Yourgene and its subsidiaries for an all-cash consideration of £16.7m on 8 September 2023.Group statutory revenue for FY2023 was £11.6m  in line with guidance  of which £0.6m relates to COVID-19 (FY2022*: £21.0m  of which £14.7m related to COVID-19).Group statutory revenue for the non-COVID-19 portfolio of £11.0m represents circa 95% of total revenue (FY2022*: £6.3m).Group gross profit totalled £3.7m (32%) in FY2023 (FY2022: £5.7m (27%)). This was reduced predominantly as a result of providing for all remaining COVID-19 associated stock  in addition to writing off stock that had not been provided for previously. Excluding the impact of these items  the Group gross profit margin would be in excess of 60%.Group EBITDA loss in FY2023 totalled £13.7m before exceptional items (FY2022: £13.5m loss).Loss after tax increased to £28.3m in FY2023 (FY2022: £25.7m loss).Completed cost savings actions that will deliver over £4.0m of bottom-line improvement  the Group is tracking ahead of schedule on the targeted synergies to be achieved from the Yourgene acquisition.Cash position at 31 December 2023 was £44.1m (2022: £87.0m)  reflecting the cash consideration and associated costs of the acquisition of Yourgene. The Group remains debt free.*excludes any Yourgene revenue as pre-acquisitionCommenting on the results Lyn Rees  CEO of Novacyt  said:""2023 was a transitional year for Novacyt  during which the Group completed the acquisition of Yourgene  a significant milestone that has enhanced our global diagnostics capabilities  diversified our product portfolio and increased the scale of our non-COVID-19 revenues.""We continue to focus all efforts towards working as a single business so that the reorganisation of the Group and the resulting synergies will leave us well placed to deliver future growth. We remain focused on driving the global sales of our key clinical and instrumentation products  while also rebuilding our RUO business. The Board believes that investment in R&D combined with our commercial strength is key to achieving long-term growth and we are increasingly well-placed to execute our business strategy.""ContactsNovacyt SA https://novacyt.com/investors Lyn Rees  Chief Executive Officer Steve Gibson  Chief Financial Officer Via Walbrook PR SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (Nominated Adviser and Broker) +44 (0)20 3470 0470 Matthew Johnson / Charlie Bouverat (Corporate Finance) Vadim Alexandre / Rob Rees (Corporate Broking) Deutsche Numis (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Michael Palser Allegra Finance (French Listing Sponsor) Rémi Durgetto / Yannick Petit +33 (1) 42 22 10 10r.durgetto@allegrafinance.com/ y.petit@allegrafinance.com Walbrook PR (Financial PR & IR) Stephanie Cuthbert / Paul McManus / Phillip Marriage / Alice Woodings +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or novacyt@walbrookpr.com +44 (0)7796 794 663/ +44 (0)7980 541 893 + 44 (0)7867 984 082 / +44 (0)7407 804 654About Novacyt Group (www.novacyt.com)Novacyt is an international molecular diagnostics company providing a broad portfolio of integrated technologies and services  primarily focused on the delivery of genomic medicine. The Company develops  manufactures  and commercialises a range of molecular assays and instrumentation to deliver workflows and services that enable seamless end-to-end solutions from sample to result across multiple sectors including human health  animal health and environmental.The Company is divided into three business segments:ClinicalBroad portfolio of human clinical in vitro diagnostic products  workflows and services focused on three therapeutic areas:• Reproductive Health: NIPT  Cystic Fibrosis and other rapid aneuploidy tests• Precision Medicine: DPYD genotyping assay• Infectious Diseases: Winterplex  multiplex winter respiratory PCR panelInstrumentationPortfolio of next generation size selection DNA sample preparation platforms and rapid PCR machines  including:• Ranger® Technology: automated DNA sample preparation and target enrichment technologyMyGo: real-time quantitative PCR (qPCR) instrumentsResearch Use OnlyRange of services for the research industry:• Design  manufacture  and supply of high-performance qPCR assays and workflows for use in human health  agriculture  veterinary and environmental  to support global health organisations and the research industry• Pharmaceutical research services: whole genome sequencing (WGS) / whole exome sequencing (WES)Novacyt is headquartered in Vélizy-Villacoublay in France with offices in the UK (in Stokesley  Eastleigh and Manchester)  Taipei  Singapore  the US and Canada and has a commercial presence in over 65 countries. The Company is listed on the London Stock Exchange's AIM market (""NCYT"") and on the Paris Stock Exchange Euronext Growth (""ALNOV"").For more information  please refer to the website: www.novacyt.comNCYT - Full Year 2023 results (30.05.2024) pdf",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.37,0.45,True,English,"['Full Year', 'Novacyt', 'NCYT', 'Results', 'Via Walbrook PR SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP', 'Cystic Fibrosis quantitative fluorescence PCR', 'MagBench™ automated DNA extraction platform', 'Primer Design Co-Prep ES instrument', 'Sophie Fairhurst Novacyt S.A.', 'Michael Palser Allegra Finance', ""28 years' global healthcare leadership"", 'Yourgene DPYD genotyping assay', 'international molecular diagnostics company', 'Group gross profit margin', 'remaining COVID-19 associated stock', 'global diagnostics capabilities', 'Primer Design assays', ""four months' trading"", 'John Brown CBE', 'Dr Jo Mason', 'leading global developer', 'global customer base', 'customised mastermix reagent', 'cost savings actions', 'French Listing Sponsor', 'global diagnostics business', 'first IVDR accreditation', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Group statutory revenue', 'Rémi Durgetto', 'Yourgene Health Limited', 'investors Lyn Rees', 'Group EBITDA loss', 'Full Year 2023 results', 'Yourgene Health plc', 'Financial PR', 'Corporate Broking', 'LightBench™ instrument', 'RNA extraction', 'associated costs', 'global sales', 'COVID-19 portfolio', 'COVID-19 revenues', 'IVDR certification', 'complete"" assays', 'total revenue', 'R&D', 'Financial Highlights', 'AIM-listed company', 'Yourgene revenue', 'single business', 'RUO business', 'business strategy', 'Rob Rees', 'The Group', 'future growth', 'EURONEXT GROWTH', 'broad portfolio', 'integrated technologies', 'Operational Highlights', 'post year-end', 'long-term growth', 'Non-Executive Director', 'six-year tenure', 'commercial experience', 'Steve Gibson', 'shareholder approval', 'chemotherapy patients', 'QF-PCR) test', 'compatible partner', 'sequencing technology', 'Ranger® Technology', 'NIPT workflows', 'Middle East', 'multiple applications', 'RUO customers', 'cash consideration', '3.5m loss', '7m loss', 'bottom-line improvement', 'Cash position', 'transitional year', 'significant milestone', 'product portfolio', 'key clinical', 'instrumentation products', 'commercial strength', 'Novacyt SA', 'Nominated Adviser', 'Matthew Johnson', 'Charlie Bouverat', 'Vadim Alexandre', 'Deutsche Numis', 'Freddie Barnfield', 'Duncan Monteith', 'Yannick Petit', 'Stephanie Cuthbert', 'Paul McManus', 'Phillip Marriage', 'Alice Woodings', 'Yourgene 2023 activities', 'Novacyt Board', 'exceptional items', 'resulting synergies', 'The Board', 'Joint Broker', 'strategic acquisition', 'Yourgene acquisition', 'May', 'News', 'Integration', 'track', 'foundations', 'Paris', 'France', 'Eastleigh', 'Manchester', 'UK', 'ALNOV', 'NCYT', 'services', '8 September', 'scale', 'diversification', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'CSO', 'chemotoxicity', 'PacBio', 'use', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Launch', 'subsidiaries', 'FY2023', 'guidance', 'FY2022', 'addition', 'impact', 'excess', 'tax', 'schedule', '31 December', 'efforts', 'reorganisation', 'investment', 'Contacts', 'allegrafinance', '07']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-EAACI-2024-Congress-46867751/,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI 2024 Congress,(marketscreener.com) Châtillon  France  May 30  2024 DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI 2024 Congress DBV Technologies   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions…,Châtillon  France  May 30  2024DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI 2024 CongressDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need  today announced its upcoming participation in the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) Congress May 31 – June 3 in Valencia  Spain.A flash talk presentation by Nicolette Arends  M.D.  Erasmus University Rotterdam will describe data collected on accidental peanut consumption from DBV’s EPITOPE Phase 3 study and its ongoing open-label extension study in peanut-allergic toddlers aged 1 through 3 years. DBV will also host a symposium and exhibit booth in the EAACI exhibit hall.“We are deeply committed to establishing long-term safety and clinical data of Viaskin Peanut in the pediatric population  which includes examining reactions that occur during accidental consumption ” said Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer of DBV Technologies. “While avoidance is the first line of defense  the reality is an accidental exposure is likely  necessitating approved treatment options that can help provide protection.”“We track accidental peanut consumption in our clinical studies to better understand how epicutaneous immunotherapy with Viaskin Peanut may help reduce the risk of an allergic reaction over time ” said Pharis Mohideen  M.D. Chief Medical Officer at DBV Technologies. “Analyzing accidental peanut consumption exposure better characterizes the real-world clinical benefit that Viaskin Peanut may provide if approved.”DBV’s symposium  “Epicutaneous Route: An Innovative Potential Approach to Food Immunotherapy”  will be moderated by Stefania Arasi  M.D.  Ph.D.  MSc.  Pediatric Allergist and Researcher at Paediatric Allergy Unit  Bambino Gesù Children Research Hospital  Rome  Italy and current EAACI Pediatric Section Chair and Philippe Eigenmann  M.D.  Pediatric Allergist and Head of Pediatric Allergy Unit at the Geneva University Hospital  Geneva  Switzerland. It will include lectures by Luciana Tanno  M.D.  Ph.D. Allergist  Division of Allergy  University Hospital of Montpellier  Montpellier  France on potential clinical applications of the epicutaneous route  and Pablo Rodríguez del Río  M.D.  Ph.D.  Allergist Hospital Infantil Universitario Niño Jesús  Department of Allergy  Madrid  Spain  on most recent results and perspectives of the epicutaneous route in peanut allergy  respectively.DBV will host a booth (F10) in the exhibit hall where attendees can learn more about epicutaneous immunotherapy with Viaskin  including our ongoing clinical trials in peanut-allergic children.Flash Talk Presentation Details“Reactions Due to Accidental Peanut Consumption During Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for Peanut Allergy in Toddlers” presented by Nicolette Arends  M.D. Researcher  Pediatrics Erasmus University Medical Center  Rotterdam  NetherlandsSession title: Flash Talks on PediatricsSession number: FT 15Session date: Sunday  June 2  2024Session time: 8:30 a.m. – 10:30 a.m. CETA voice-recording of the onsite flash talk presentation will be made available on the congress platform. A copy of the poster will be made available after the presentation on the Scientific Publications & Presentations page on the Our Science section of the Company’s website www.dbv-technologies.com.Symposium“Epicutaneous route: An innovative potential approach to food immunotherapy” will be moderated by Stefania Arasi and Philippe EigenmannDate and location: Saturday  June 1  12:00 – 1:00 p.m. CEST  Malaga RoomLectures: Introduction- Dr. Stefania Arasi The epicutaneous route: from the concept to potential clinical applications- Dr. Luciana Tanno The epicutaneous immunotherapy for peanut allergy: most recent results and perspectives- Dr. Pablo Rodríguez del Río Conclusion- Dr. Philippe EigenmannAbout DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary technology platform  Viaskin™  to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the Viaskin platform is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Châtillon  France  with North American operations in Warren  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market (Ticker: DBVT).For more information  please visit www.dbv-technologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut and EPIT™ and DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  and the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the SEC on March 7  2024  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Viaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologiesangela.marucci@dbv-technologies.comAttachment,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['Upcoming EAACI 2024 Congress', 'DBV Technologies', 'Allergist Hospital Infantil Universitario Niño Jesús', 'Dr. Pablo Rodríguez del Río', 'Bambino Gesù Children Research Hospital', 'Pediatrics Erasmus University Medical Center', 'current EAACI Pediatric Section Chair', 'M.D. Chief Medical Officer', 'significant unmet medical need', 'ongoing open-label extension study', 'Flash Talk Presentation Details', 'accidental peanut consumption exposure', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Geneva University Hospital', 'EPITOPE Phase 3 study', 'Pediatrics Session number', 'Dr. Philippe Eigenmann', 'Erasmus University Rotterdam', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'other immunologic conditions', 'Innovative Potential Approach', 'Dr. Luciana Tanno', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'Dr. Stefania Arasi', 'real-world clinical benefit', 'potential clinical applications', 'Ph.D. Allergist', 'Netherlands Session title', 'immune tolerizing properties', 'proprietary technology platform', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Upcoming EAACI 2024 Congress', 'Paediatric Allergy Unit', 'Malaga Room Lectures', 'hypersensitive immune reaction', 'Philippe Eigenmann Date', 'Pediatric Allergy Unit', 'EAACI exhibit hall', 'food allergy programs', 'M.D. Researcher', 'food allergic people', 'Pediatric Allergist', 'accidental consumption', 'accidental exposure', 'EAACI) Congress', 'Science section', 'allergic reaction', 'peanut-allergic children', 'Flash Talks', 'Session date', 'young children', 'pediatric population', 'congress platform', 'Clinical Immunology', 'clinical studies', 'upcoming participation', 'peanut allergy', 'immune system', 'food allergies', 'Food Immunotherapy', 'The Company', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'clinical data', 'Châtillon', 'treatment options', 'European Academy', 'Nicolette Arends', 'long-term safety', 'Daniel Tassé', 'first line', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Pharis Mohideen', 'Epicutaneous Route', 'recent results', 'Session time', 'Scientific Publications', 'Presentations page', 'mild to', 'life-threatening anaphylaxis', 'Viaskin platform', 'microgram amounts', 'active compound', 'new class', 'non-invasive treatment', 'underlying allergy', 'peanut-allergic toddlers', 'exhibit booth', 'intact skin', 'DBV Technologies', 'Viaskin™', 'France', 'May', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'June', 'Valencia', 'Spain', '3 years', 'symposium', 'reactions', 'avoidance', 'defense', 'reality', 'protection', 'risk', 'MSc.', 'Rome', 'Italy', 'Head', 'Switzerland', 'Division', 'Montpellier', 'Department', 'Madrid', 'perspectives', 'attendees', 'FT', 'Sunday', '10:30 a', 'CET', 'voice-recording', 'onsite', 'copy', 'poster', 'website', 'dbv-technologies', 'location', 'Saturday', 'CEST', 'Introduction', 'concept', 'most', 'Conclusion', 'use', 'range', 'symptoms', 'severity', 'Millions', 'EPIT™', 'individual', 'allergen', 'care', '8:30', '1:00']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41923,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-UpToDate-Awarded-ACCME-Accreditation-With-Commendation-46865241/,Wolters Kluwer UpToDate Awarded ACCME Accreditation With Commendation,(marketscreener.com) Leading clinical decision support solution recognized for continuing medical educational content for physicianshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-UpToDate-Awarded-ACCME-Accreditation-…,Leading clinical decision support solution recognized for continuing medical educational content for physiciansWolters Kluwer Health today announced that its clinical decision support (CDS) solution UpToDate® has been awarded accreditation with commendation from the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME®). This is the fourth time UpToDate has been awarded accreditation with commendation since its initial accreditation. Clinicians stay current on new developments in medical practice by using continuing medical education (CME) resources like UpToDate for professional development and lifelong learning. With UpToDate  users earn CME credits while searching for and reading the answers they need  at their own pace and preference  on the go or in the office.The ACCME designation extends the re-accreditation for UpToDate to six years rather than the standard four and recognizes UpToDate has demonstrated compliance with all Core Accreditation Criteria plus eight additional criteria including the “Achieves Outcomes” Category. UpToDate is currently the only clinical decision support (CDS) solution accredited with commendation.*“This recognition from ACCME highlights UpToDate’s exceptional clinical content  outstanding editorial processes  and our team’s commitment to our mission. To attain accreditation with commendation  our CME team extended their work beyond our core efforts by publishing our own CME research and initiating the patient perspective project to bring the patient voice into care ” saidRebecca Connor  MD  Sr. Director of Clinical Content  Wolters Kluwer Health. “We are very proud of our CME offering  which supports lifelong learning and recognizes the value of connecting education and clinical care in real time. The quality of our clinical content is a key differentiator for Wolters Kluwer  and answering clinical questions at the point of care reflects our commitment to improving the delivery of healthcare globally.According to Graham McMahon  MD  MMSc  President and CEO of ACCME  “UpToDate has been reviewed by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education and awarded accreditation with commendation for 6 years as a provider of continuing medical education (CME) for physicians. Accreditation in the ACCME System seeks to assure the medical community and the public that UpToDate delivers education that is relevant to clinicians’ needs  evidence-based  evaluated for its effectiveness  and independent of commercial influence.”For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.*According to our review of ACCME’s database of accredited providers in May 2024.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530212925/en/,neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'ACCME Accreditation', 'Commendation', 'Leading clinical decision support solution', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'continuing medical educational content', 'eight additional criteria', 'Achieves Outcomes” Category', 'outstanding editorial processes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'exceptional clinical content', 'patient perspective project', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'The ACCME designation', 'Core Accreditation Criteria', 'CDS) solution', 'medical practice', 'medical community', 'clinical questions', 'core efforts', 'clinical care', 'fourth time', 'new developments', 'professional development', 'lifelong learning', 'saidRebecca Connor', 'Sr. Director', 'real time', 'key differentiator', 'Graham McMahon', 'commercial influence', 'accredited providers', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'CME) resources', 'CME credits', 'CME research', 'CME offering', 'Accreditation Council', 'initial accreditation', 'six years', 'ACCME System', 'clinicians’ needs', 'corporate compliance', 'CME team', 'ACCME®', '6 years', 'physicians', 'UpToDate®', 'commendation', 'users', 'answers', 'pace', 'preference', 'office', 'standard', 'recognition', 'commitment', 'mission', 'work', 'voice', 'MD', 'value', 'connecting', 'quality', 'point', 'delivery', 'healthcare', 'MMSc', 'President', 'CEO', 'public', 'effectiveness', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'review', 'database', 'May', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'services', 'professionals', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire', 'news']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/BUREAU-VERITAS-Availability-of-preparatory-documents-for-Bureau-Veritas-Ordinary-Shareholders--46858791/,BUREAU VERITAS - Availability of preparatory documents for Bureau Veritas' Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of June 20  2024,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – May 30  2024 Availability of preparatory documents for Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of June 20  2024 Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday  June…,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – May 30  2024Availability of preparatory documents for Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of June 20  2024Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday  June 20  2024  at 3:00 p.m.  in the Auditorium of the Company’s registered office located at Immeuble Newtime  40/52  boulevard du Parc in Neuilly-sur-Seine (92200)  France  for the purpose of discussing the agenda and the draft resolutions contained in the preliminary Notice of Meeting (Avis de réunion) published on May 6  2024 in the legal gazette Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoiresno. 55.The main instructions for participating and voting at the Meeting are described in the above-mentioned preliminary Notice of Meeting (Avis de réunion) as well as in the convening Notice of Meeting (Avis de convocation) published in the legal gazette Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires no. 65 and in the newspaper Actu-Juridique of May 29  2024.The preparatory documents and information relating to the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting will be made available to shareholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The documents and information referred to in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are available on the page dedicated to the Shareholders’ Meeting on the Company’s website (https://group.bureauveritas.com/shareholders-meeting). They are mainly included in the Notice of Meeting (Brochure de convocation) and the 2023 Universal registration document.Shareholders are invited to regularly visit the updates of the page dedicated to the Shareholders’ Meeting in the Investors section of the Company’s website mentioned above.ABOUT BUREAU VERITASBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress. With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on LinkedIn and X/Twitter .Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com . ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 + 33 (0)6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"[""Bureau Veritas' Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'preparatory documents', 'Availability', 'June', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey', 'Bureau Veritas’ Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Avis de réunion', 'legal gazette Bulletin', '2023 Universal registration document', 'French Commercial Code', 'laboratory testing services', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'Brochure de', 'ISIN code', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'registered office', 'Immeuble Newtime', 'draft resolutions', 'main instructions', 'applicable laws', 'Investors section', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'technical experts', 'environmental protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'stock symbol', 'blockchain technology', 'preliminary Notice', 'convening Notice', 'preparatory documents', 'world leader', 'powerful purpose', 'customers’ excellence', 'Colin Verbrugghe', 'Karine Ansart', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'May', 'Availability', 'June 20', 'Thursday', 'Auditorium', 'Company', 'boulevard', 'Parc', 'agenda', 'convocation', 'newspaper', 'Actu-Juridique', 'information', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Article', 'page', 'website', 'bureauveritas', 'updates', 'inspection', 'certification', 'trust', 'vision', 'sustainability', 'change', '83,000 employees', '140 countries', 'challenges', 'health', 'safety', 'BVI.', 'LinkedIn', 'X/Twitter', 'Attachment', '2024', '3:00', '1 55']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/wolters-kluwer-uptodate-awarded-accme-accreditation-with-commendation-93CH-3463534,Wolters Kluwer UpToDate Awarded ACCME Accreditation With Commendation By Investing.com,Wolters Kluwer UpToDate Awarded ACCME Accreditation With Commendation,Leading clinical decision support solution recognized for continuing medical educational content for physiciansWALTHAM  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wolters Kluwer Health today announced that its clinical decision support (CDS) solution UpToDate ® has been awarded accreditation with commendation from the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME ®). This is the fourth time UpToDate has been awarded accreditation with commendation since its initial accreditation. Clinicians stay current on new developments in medical practice by using continuing medical education (CME) resources like UpToDate for professional development and lifelong learning. With UpToDate  users earn CME credits while searching for and reading the answers they need  at their own pace and preference  on the go or in the office.The ACCME designation extends the re-accreditation for UpToDate to six years rather than the standard four and recognizes UpToDate has demonstrated compliance with all Core Accreditation Criteria plus eight additional criteria including the Achieves Outcomes Category. UpToDate is currently the only clinical decision support (CDS) solution accredited with commendation.This recognition from ACCME highlights UpToDate's exceptional clinical content  outstanding editorial processes  and our team's commitment to our mission. To attain accreditation with commendation  our CME team extended their work beyond our core efforts by publishing our own CME research and initiating the patient perspective project to bring the patient voice into care  said Rebecca Connor  MD  Sr. Director of Clinical Content  Wolters Kluwer Health. We are very proud of our CME offering  which supports lifelong learning and recognizes the value of connecting education and clinical care in real time. The quality of our clinical content is a key differentiator for Wolters Kluwer  and answering clinical questions at the point of care reflects our commitment to improving the delivery of healthcare globally.According to Graham McMahon  MD  MMSc  President and CEO of ACCME  UpToDate has been reviewed by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education and awarded accreditation with commendation for 6 years as a provider of continuing medical education (CME) for physicians. Accreditation in the ACCME System seeks to assure the medical community and the public that UpToDate delivers education that is relevant to clinicians' needs  evidence-based  evaluated for its effectiveness  and independent of commercial influence.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.According to our review of ACCME's database of accredited providers in May 2024.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook (NASDAQ: )  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530212925/en/Suzanne MoranAssociate Director  External CommunicationsHealthWolters KluwerOffice (781) 255-5843suzanne.moran@wolterskluwer.comSource: Wolters Kluwer,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'ACCME Accreditation', 'Commendation', 'Investing', 'Leading clinical decision support solution', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'continuing medical educational content', 'eight additional criteria', 'Achieves Outcomes Category', 'outstanding editorial processes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'External Communications Health', 'exceptional clinical content', 'patient perspective project', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'Core Accreditation Criteria', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'CDS) solution', 'clinical questions', 'medical practice', 'medical community', 'core efforts', 'clinical care', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'fourth time', 'new developments', 'professional development', 'lifelong learning', 'Rebecca Connor', 'Sr. Director', 'real time', 'key differentiator', 'Graham McMahon', 'commercial influence', 'accredited providers', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Associate Director', 'CME) resources', 'CME credits', 'CME research', 'CME offering', 'Accreditation Council', 'initial accreditation', ""clinicians' needs"", 'corporate compliance', 'source version', 'ACCME designation', 'CME team', 'ACCME System', 'Suzanne Moran', 'physicians', 'WALTHAM', 'Mass.', 'UpToDate ®', 'commendation', 'users', 'answers', 'pace', 'preference', 'The', 'years', 'standard', 'recognition', 'commitment', 'mission', 'work', 'voice', 'MD', 'value', 'quality', 'point', 'delivery', 'healthcare', 'MMSc', 'President', 'CEO', 'public', 'effectiveness', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'review', 'database', 'May', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'services', 'professionals', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'NASDAQ', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire', 'news']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890959/0/en/Eramet-Results-of-the-any-and-all-tender-offer-to-repurchase-its-bonds-due-May-2025.html,Eramet: Results of the any and all tender offer to repurchase its bonds due May 2025,Paris  30 May 2024  5:45 p.m.  PRESS RELEASE  Eramet: Results of the any and all tender offer to repurchase its bonds due May 2025  Eramet (the...,Paris  30 May 2024  5:45 p.m.PRESS RELEASEEramet: Results of the any and all tender offer to repurchase its bonds due May 2025Eramet (the “Company”) announces today the results of its tender offer  launched on 21 May 2024  to repurchase for cash (the “Tender Offer”) any and all of its €300 million bonds due May 2025  issued on 21 November 2019 (ISIN: FR0013461274) and which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  of which the aggregate nominal amount outstanding before the launch of the Tender Offer was €293.6 million (the “Existing Bonds”).The aggregate nominal amount of Existing Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase by the Company amounts to €173.6 million. The Existing Bonds repurchased by the Company pursuant to the Tender Offer will be cancelled by the Company and the aggregate nominal amount of the Existing Bonds that remain outstanding after the settlement of the Tender Offer  expected on 3 June 2024  will amount to €120 million.The purpose of this Tender Offer and the issue by the Company of its new sustainability-linked bonds announced on 21 May 20241 is  amongst other things  to proactively manage the Company’s debt profile and to extend its average maturity.DISCLAIMERThis press release and the information therein does not constitute a tender offer nor an invitation to sell the bonds nor an invitation to participate in the tender offer in or from any country or jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer would be unlawful under the applicable laws and regulations. The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law and/or be subject to specific regulations in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this press release comes should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal and regulatory restrictions.Calendar25.07.2024: Publication of 2024 half-year results24.10.2024: Publication of 2024 Group third-quarter turnoverABOUT ERAMETEramet transforms the Earth’s mineral resources to provide sustainable and responsible solutions to the growth of the industry and to the challenges of the energy transition.Its employees are committed to this through their civic and contributory approach in all the countries where the mining and metallurgical group is present.Manganese  nickel  mineral sands  lithium  and cobalt: Eramet recovers and develops metals that are essential to the construction of a more sustainable world.As a privileged partner of its industrial clients  the Group contributes to making robust and resistant infrastructures and constructions  more efficient means of mobility  safer health tools and more efficient telecommunications devices.Fully committed to the era of metals  Eramet’s ambition is to become a reference for the responsible transformation of the Earth’s mineral resources for living well together.www.eramet.comINVESTOR CONTACTDirector of Investor RelationsSandrine Nourry-DabiT. +33 1 45 38 37 02sandrine.nourrydabi@eramet.com PRESS CONTACTMedia Relations ManagerFanny MounierT. +33 7 65 26 46 83fanny.mounier@eramet.com1 Please refer to press release dated 21 May 2024: 2024-05-21-Eramet-Tender-Offer-CP-de-lancement-EN.pdfAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['tender offer', 'Eramet', 'Results', 'bonds', 'PRESS CONTACT Media Relations Manager', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'safer health tools', 'efficient telecommunications devices', '2024 Group third-quarter turnover', 'new sustainability-linked bonds', 'INVESTOR CONTACT', 'Investor Relations', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'efficient means', 'regulated market', 'other things', 'debt profile', 'average maturity', 'applicable laws', 'applicable legal', 'regulatory restrictions', 'mineral resources', 'responsible solutions', 'energy transition', 'contributory approach', 'metallurgical group', 'mineral sands', 'privileged partner', 'industrial clients', 'resistant infrastructures', 'responsible transformation', 'tender offer', '€300 million bonds', 'Existing Bonds', 'Euronext Paris', 'specific regulations', 'sustainable world', 'Sandrine Nourry-Dabi', '2024 half-year results', 'Fanny Mounier', '30 May', 'Eramet', 'Company', '21 May', 'cash', '21 November', 'ISIN', 'launch', 'purchase', 'settlement', '3 June', 'purpose', 'issue', 'DISCLAIMER', 'information', 'invitation', 'country', 'jurisdiction', 'distribution', 'Persons', 'possession', 'Calendar', 'Publication', 'Earth', 'growth', 'industry', 'challenges', 'employees', 'civic', 'countries', 'mining', 'Manganese', 'nickel', 'lithium', 'cobalt', 'metals', 'construction', 'robust', 'mobility', 'ambition', 'reference', 'Director', 'T.', 'nourrydabi', 'lancement', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890969/0/en/Partnership-with-Key-Opinion-Leaders-and-successful-trainings.html,Partnership with Key Opinion Leaders and successful trainings,Press release        Ecully  May 30  2024 – 6 p.m.    SPINEWAY organizes surgical training sessions in the use of ESP and KAPHORN implants   The...,Press release Ecully  May 30  2024 – 6 p.m.SPINEWAY organizes surgical training sessionsin the use of ESP and KAPHORN implantsThe Spineway Group  a specialist in innovative implants for the treatment of severe spine disorders  announces that it trained nearly 30 spine surgeons in the use of its product lines during a series of sessions held in April and May.These surgeons from several countries (Thailand  Indonesia  Vietnam  Tunisia  Switzerland and France) were trained in the placement of its ESP disc prostheses (lumbar  cervical) and the Kaphorn posterior fixation system.The courses were conducted by experienced French surgeons who use Spineway products  either in the operating room or at a symposium. They facilitated the exchange of knowledge and skills to promote clinical excellence and the adoption of Spineway products. An interactive  hands-on approach allowed participants to discover the Group’s products or deepen their expertise  benefiting from personalized support and live demonstrations.Training in operating room in FranceOn April 15  Professor Jean-Yves Lazennec (AP-HP Hôpital La Pitié-Salpêtrière  Paris) invited Doctor Alessandro Rustia (Switzerland)  who witnessed several procedures using ESP prostheses.On April 19  Pr. Luthfi Gatam  (Jakarta  Indonesia)  witnessed a total lumbar disc replacement with the Group’s LP-ESP prosthesis  performed by Dr. Marie-Charlotte Têtard (CHU Saint-Etienne).On May 3  Pr Patrick Tropiano (CHU La Timone  Marseille) visited Dr Aurélien Coste (Clinique des Cèdres  Toulouse) to share his surgical approach to total lumbar disc replacement.On May 13 and 14  Dr. Pascal Sabatier (Clinique des Cèdres  Toulouse) welcomed three Tunisian orthopedic surgeons to the operating room as part of Spineway’s international training program. The surgeons received two days of operating room training on the KAPHORN posterior side-loading osteosynthesis system. They attended several surgical procedures  including cases of degenerative pathologies  deformities and revisions.Symposium in Bangkok attended by around 20 surgeonsOn May 16  Spineway organized a symposium dedicated to degenerative spine pathologies  and cervical and lumbar prostheses (CP-ESP and LP-ESP) on the sidelines of the Global Spine Congress Bangkok 2024.The event saw Pr. Marc-Antoine Rousseau (AP-HP Hôpital Bichat-Beaujon  Paris)  a user of Spineway products  share his expertise in ESP technologies with around 20 surgeons from Thailand  Indonesia and Vietnam. They discussed prosthesis design and indications  as well as significant clinical cases and outcomes.Through these training courses  which will continue throughout June  and in line with its development strategy  Spineway is strengthening its reputation and partnerships with key opinion leaders (KOLs) in spine surgery. The Group plans to continue its commercial rollout and confirms its aim of becoming a major player in less invasive spine treatments.Next event :July 17  2024 – H1 2024 revenueSPINEWAY IS ELIGIBLE FOR PEA-SME (EQUITY SAVINGS PLANS FOR SMES)Find out all about Spineway at www.spineway.comThis press release has been prepared in both English and French. In case of discrepancies  the French version shall prevail.Spineway designs  manufactures and markets innovative implants and surgical instruments for treating severe disorders of the spinal column.Spineway has an international network of independent distributors and derives more than 70% of its revenue from exports.ISIN: FR001400BVK2 – ALSPWContacts:SPINEWAY GROUPShareholder-services lineAvailable Tuesday through Thursday+33 (0)806 706 060 Eligible PEA / PMEALSPWEuronext GrowthAELIUMFinance & CommunicationInvestor relationsSolène Kennisspineway@aelium.frAttachment,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['Key Opinion Leaders', 'successful trainings', 'Partnership', 'AP-HP Hôpital La Pitié-Salpêtrière', 'KAPHORN posterior side-loading osteosynthesis system', 'AP-HP Hôpital Bichat-Beaujon', 'Kaphorn posterior fixation system', 'Clinique des Cèdres', 'Dr. Marie-Charlotte Têtard', 'Dr Aurélien Coste', 'less invasive spine treatments', 'total lumbar disc replacement', 'three Tunisian orthopedic surgeons', 'CHU La Timone', 'Dr. Pascal Sabatier', 'Professor Jean-Yves Lazennec', 'Doctor Alessandro Rustia', 'Pr. Luthfi Gatam', 'Pr Patrick Tropiano', 'Pr. Marc-Antoine Rousseau', 'key opinion leaders', 'EQUITY SAVINGS PLANS', 'Solène Kennis', 'Global Spine Congress', 'ESP disc prostheses', 'international training program', 'severe spine disorders', 'degenerative spine pathologies', 'significant clinical cases', 'several surgical procedures', 'surgical training sessions', 'operating room training', 'experienced French surgeons', 'The Spineway Group', 'KAPHORN implants', 'lumbar prostheses', 'degenerative pathologies', 'severe disorders', 'several procedures', 'spine surgery', '30 spine surgeons', 'clinical excellence', 'CHU Saint-Etienne', 'surgical instruments', 'international network', 'several countries', 'ESP prostheses', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'innovative implants', 'product lines', 'interactive, hands', 'personalized support', 'live demonstrations', 'surgical approach', 'two days', 'ESP technologies', 'prosthesis design', 'development strategy', 'commercial rollout', 'major player', 'French version', 'spinal column', 'independent distributors', 'Eligible PEA', 'Euronext Growth', 'Investor relations', 'training courses', 'LP-ESP prosthesis', 'Next event', 'H1 2024 revenue', 'ALSPW Contacts', 'Shareholder-services line', 'Spineway designs', 'Spineway products', '20 surgeons', 'Ecully', 'use', 'specialist', 'series', 'April', 'May', 'Thailand', 'Indonesia', 'Vietnam', 'Switzerland', 'France', 'symposium', 'exchange', 'knowledge', 'skills', 'adoption', 'participants', 'expertise', 'Paris', 'Jakarta', 'Marseille', 'deformities', 'revisions', 'Bangkok', 'cervical', 'CP-ESP', 'sidelines', 'indications', 'outcomes', 'June', 'reputation', 'partnerships', 'KOLs', 'aim', 'July', 'PEA-SME', 'SMES', 'English', 'discrepancies', 'exports', 'ISIN', 'FR001400BVK2', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'AELIUM', 'Finance', 'Communication', 'Attachment', '6']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/AVAILABILITY-OF-THE-RESPONSE-DOCUMENT-PREPARED-BY-BELIEVE-IN-THE-CONTEXT-OF-THE-SIMPLIFIED-TENDER-OF-46865976/,AVAILABILITY OF THE RESPONSE DOCUMENT PREPARED BY BELIEVE IN THE CONTEXT OF THE SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY BELIEVE INITIATED BY UPBEAT BIDCO,(marketscreener.com) This press release does not constitute a tender offer and is not intended for distribution in jurisdictions where the offer would not be permitted. This document is an unofficial english-language translation of the french-language press r…,This press release does not constitute a tender offer and is not intended for distribution in jurisdictions where the offer would not be permitted.This document is an unofficial english-language translation of the french-language press release which was published by Believe on May 30  2024. In the event of any differences between this unofficial english-language press release and the official french-language press release  the official french-language press release shall prevail.PRESS RELEASE DATED MAY 30  2024ESTABLISHED BYRELATING TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE RESPONSE DOCUMENT PREPARED BY BELIEVE IN THE CONTEXT OF THE SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY BELIEVEINITIATED BYUPBEAT BIDCOThis press release was prepared by Believe and made available to the public pursuant to article 231-27  3° of the general regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) on May 30  2024.Pursuant to article L. 621-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and article 231-26 of the general regulation of the AMF  the AMF granted visa No. 24-180 on May 30  2024 on the response document prepared by Believe (the « Response Document ») regarding the simplified tender offer initiated by Upbeat BidCo for Believe shares (the “Offer”).The Response Document approved by the AMF is available on the website of Believe ( www.believe.com ) and the website of the AMF ( www.amf-france.org ) and may be obtained free of charge at Believe’s registered office  24 rue Toulouse Lautrec – 75017 Paris (France).Prior to the opening of the Offer  the AMF and Euronext Paris will publish  respectively  a notice of opening and timetable and a notice announcing the terms and timetable of the Offer.In accordance with the provisions of article 231-28 of the general regulation of the AMF  the information relating to Believe's characteristics  in particular its legal  financial and accounting characteristics  which completes the Response Document  will be the subject of a specific document filed with the AMF and made available to the public in a way that ensures effective and complete dissemination  no later than the day before the opening of the Offer.DisclaimerThis press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to the public and should not be considered as constituting any form of solicitation for the purchase or sale of financial securities. The distribution of this press release  the Offer and its acceptance may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The Offer is not addressed to persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and is not intended to be accepted from any country where the Offer would be subject to such restrictions. This press release is not intended for distribution in such countries. Accordingly  persons in possession of this press release are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any local restrictions that may apply.Believe declines all responsibility for any violation by any person of these restrictions.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.88,0.02,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER', 'RESPONSE DOCUMENT', 'UPBEAT BIDCO', 'COMPANY BELIEVE', 'AVAILABILITY', 'CONTEXT', 'SHARES', 'THE', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'official french-language press release', 'unofficial english-language press release', 'unofficial english-language translation', '24 rue Toulouse Lautrec', 'SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER', 'The Response Document', 'UPBEAT BIDCO', 'general regulation', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'visa No.', 'registered office', 'legal, financial', 'specific document', 'complete dissemination', 'financial securities', 'specific regulations', 'Euronext Paris', 'accounting characteristics', 'information purposes', 'article L.', 'local restrictions', 'COMPANY BELIEVE', 'Believe shares', '75017 Paris', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'May', 'event', 'differences', 'AVAILABILITY', 'CONTEXT', 'public', 'AMF', 'website', 'france', 'org', 'charge', 'opening', 'notice', 'timetable', 'terms', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'subject', 'way', 'effective', 'day', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'purchase', 'sale', 'acceptance', 'countries', 'persons', 'country', 'possession', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'Attachment']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Combined-General-Meeting-of-June-20-2024-Availability-of-the-preparatory-documents-46860928/,Combined General Meeting of June 20  2024 - Availability of the preparatory documents,(marketscreener.com) Daix   Long Island City   May 30  2024 – Inventiva   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis   also known…,"Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  May 30  2024 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”)  also known as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”)  and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced the availability of the preparatory documents for the Combined General Meeting of June 20  2024.Shareholders are invited to participate in the Combined General Meeting that will be held on June 20  2024 at 9 a.m. at Hôtel Castel Burgond  3 route de Troyes  21121 Daix (France).The preliminary notice of meeting comprising the agenda and the draft resolutions  as well as information on how to attend and vote at the Combined General Meeting  was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) n°58 of May 13  2024 and a translation was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13  2024.Information and documents pertaining to the Combined General Meeting are available on the Company's website ( www.inventivapharma.com   section ""Investors"" / ""Shareholder Meetings"").In accordance with articles R. 225-83 and R. 225-89 of the French Commercial Code  documents that must be available for the shareholders for the purpose of general meetings will be available at the Company's registered office  50  Rue de Dijon  21121 Daix  the fifteenth day prior to the Combined General Meeting.Documents listed in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are available on Inventiva’s website mentioned above as of tomorrow  the twenty-first day that precedes the General Meeting.In accordance with applicable regulatory provisions:any shareholder holding registered shares may  up to the fifth day  including  prior to the General Meeting  request these documents to be sent by the Company. For shareholders holding bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the submission of a shareholding certificate delivered by their financial intermediary; andany shareholder may consult these documents at the Company's registered office by sending a request by e-mail to the following electronic address: AGIVA20062024@inventivapharma.com .About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with MASH/NASH and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with MASH/NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting a candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline Clerc  PhDEVP  Strategy and Corporate Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 202 499 8937 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Julia CailleteauMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements.These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrollment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in MASH/NASH  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions  approvals and commercialization  Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  the expected benefit of having received Breakthrough Therapy Designation  including its impact on the development and review timeline of Inventiva’s product candidates  the potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  and future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva and its partners. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential”  “opportunity”  “possible”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance  or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) on enrollment or the ultimate impact on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect thereto  that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva’s ability to obtain financing and to enter into potential transactions  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's and its partners’ product candidate claims  Inventiva's expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require holds and/or amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH/NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners' business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions  impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrollment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines and the state of war between Israel and Hamas and the related risk of a larger conflict  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  rising interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts  and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 3  2024  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3  2024. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.48,0.5,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'June', 'Availability', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Hôtel Castel Burgond', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'Hippo signaling pathway program', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'adult MPS VI patients', 'Patricia L. Bank', 'Long Island City', 'French Commercial Code', 'applicable regulatory provisions', 'following electronic address', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'safe harbor provisions', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'Rue de Dijon', 'two preclinical programs', 'lead product candidate', 'Combined General Meeting', 'one clinical candidate', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'other development opportunities', 'Media relations inventiva', 'adult patients', 'clinical efforts', 'clinical trials', 'general meetings', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', '3 route de', 'Investor relations', 'pre-clinical programs', 'other diseases', 'drug candidate', 'clinical development', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'preliminary notice', 'draft resolutions', 'Exchange Commission', 'registered office', 'twenty-first day', 'registered shares', 'fifth day', 'bearer shares', 'shareholding certificate', 'financial intermediary', 'strong expertise', 'nuclear receptors', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'available options', 'scientific team', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'compartment B', 'Pascaline Clerc', 'Corporate Affairs', 'Brunswick Group', 'Aude Lepreux', 'Julia Cailleteau', 'Important Notice', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'public company', 'ICR Company', 'development facility', 'forward-looking statements', 'Shareholder Meetings', 'The Company', 'preparatory documents', 'Daix', 'France', 'treatment', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'availability', 'June', 'Shareholders', '9 a', 'Troyes', 'agenda', 'information', 'BALO', 'May', 'translation', 'website', 'inventivapharma', 'section', 'Investors', 'accordance', 'articles', 'R.', 'purpose', 'fifteenth', 'tomorrow', 'exercise', 'right', 'submission', 'request', 'mail', 'AGIVA20062024', 'research', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', 'lanifibranor', 'NATiV', 'common', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'potential', 'process', '90 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'PhD', 'EVP', 'Strategy', 'brunswickgroup', 'Westwicke', 'patti', 'meaning', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'design', 'duration', 'timing']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-provides-update-on-ongoing-regulatory-review-of-leniolisib-for-the-treatment-of-APDS-46867850/,Pharming Group provides update on ongoing regulatory review of leniolisib for the treatment of APDS in the European Union,(marketscreener.com) Leiden  the Netherlands  May 30  2024: Pharming Group N.V. announces today an update on the ongoing review of its Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and old…,Leiden  the Netherlands  May 30  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces today an update on the ongoing review of its Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS) by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA).Following the May 27-30 CHMP meeting  Pharming received an updated List of Outstanding Issues (LoOI) from the CHMP. The LoOI affirmed the positive clinical benefit and safety of leniolisib  in agreement with the assessment by the Ad Hoc Expert Group (AEG)  and included one remaining chemistry  manufacturing and controls (CMC) request.The CMC request relates to the definition of regulatory starting materials used in the manufacturing process for leniolisib. As Pharming is committed to meeting all of the CHMP’s specific requirements  additional data and quality controls were provided and Pharming proposed implementation of the CMC request post-approval. The CHMP requested that this work be completed pre-approval and has granted Pharming an extension to January 2026 to submit a response. Pharming has already initiated the manufacturing activities requested by the CHMP  which it plans to complete prior to this deadline.Sijmen de Vries  MD  Chief Executive Officer of Pharming  commented:“While we are understandably disappointed by the delay to the European license  we are pleased that the CHMP determined the clinical benefit of leniolisib to be positive. The efficacy and safety demonstrated in clinical trials and ongoing real-world experience  with over 300 patient-years of treatment  support that leniolisib fills an unmet medical need. We will continue to work closely with the EMA and CHMP to obtain approval for leniolisib in Europe for people living with APDS. In the meantime  all our clinical development and early access programs will continue.”The MAA for leniolisib was based on findings from a multinational  triple-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized Phase II/III clinical trial  which met both its co-primary endpoints. The trial evaluated efficacy and safety in 31 patients diagnosed with APDS aged 12 years and older. Also submitted as part of the application were data from a long-term  open-label extension clinical trial in which 37 patients received leniolisib for a median of three years.Leniolisib is currently available commercially in the United States. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved leniolisib in March 2023  based on its assessment that leniolisib met clinical and manufacturing standards.Pharming is maintaining its previously provided 2024 total revenue guidance.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About leniolisibLeniolisib is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the US and Israel as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial demonstrated clinical efficacy of leniolisib in the coprimary endpoints; demonstrating statistically significant impact on immune dysregulation and normalization of immunophenotype within these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term leniolisib administration.8 9 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review in the European Economic Area  the U.K.  Canada and Australia  with plans to pursue further regulatory approvals in Japan and South Korea. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in two Phase III clinical trials in children with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesLucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2020 Dec;59(3):323-333. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338. Rao VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983. Rao VK  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol 2024;153:265-74.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PRChristina RenfroeE: Christina.Renfroe@precisionvh.comT: +1 (636) 352-7883,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.66,0.18,0.16,True,English,"['ongoing regulatory review', 'Pharming Group', 'European Union', 'update', 'leniolisib', 'treatment', 'APDS', 'multinational, triple-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized Phase II/III clinical trial', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'interim open label extension data', 'long-term, open-label extension clinical trial', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'Ad Hoc Expert Group', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'May 27-30 CHMP meeting', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'one remaining chemistry', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unmet medical need', 'early access programs', '2024 total revenue guidance', 'important cellular messenger', 'positive clinical benefit', 'European Medicines Agency', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'European Economic Area', 'regulatory starting materials', 'ongoing real-world experience', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'long-term leniolisib administration', 'The US Food', 'clinical trials', 'clinical development', 'clinical efficacy', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'additional data', 'European license', 'primary endpoints', 'ongoing review', 'Drug Administration', 'regulatory review', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'Medicinal Products', 'Human Use', 'updated List', 'Outstanding Issues', 'specific requirements', 'United States', 'immune cells', 'progressive disease', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'cell functions', 'cell survival', 'significant impact', 'U.K.', 'manufacturing process', 'manufacturing activities', 'manufacturing standards', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'quality controls', 'three years', 'cytokine production', 'immune dysregulation', 'pediatric patients', 'CMC request', '1 to 2 people', 'targeted treatment', 'The LoOI', 'The CHMP', '12 years', '31 patients', '37 patients', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'MAA', 'adult', 'APDS', 'Committee', 'safety', 'agreement', 'assessment', 'AEG', 'definition', 'implementation', 'approval', 'work', 'January', 'response', 'deadline', 'MD', '300 patient-years', 'meantime', 'findings', 'part', 'FDA', 'March', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'accumulation', 'lymphoma', 'million', 'Israel', 'first', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'Results', 'normalization', 'immunophenotype', 'tolerability', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'plans']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/ikonisys-introduces-new-website-to-highlight-advantages-of-fish-technology-and-total-automation-in-healthcare-93CH-3462424,Ikonisys Introduces New Website to Highlight Advantages of FISH Technology and Total Automation in Healthcare By Investing.com,Ikonisys Introduces New Website to Highlight Advantages of FISH Technology and Total Automation in Healthcare,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA (Euronext Growth Paris: ALIKO)  a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  is proud to announce the launch of its new website  dedicated to raising awareness of Fluorescence In Situ Hybridization (FISH) technology and its applications in mass screening programs within the healthcare sector.FISH technology has significantly advanced molecular diagnostics  allowing precise identification of genetic abnormalities associated with various diseases  notably cancer. Ikonisys is taking the lead on developing total automation solutions  streamlining laboratory processes for efficient mass screening.The new website provides comprehensive insights into:Total Automation Benefits : Ikonisys' automated FISH assay systems enhance speed  accuracy  and scalability in mass screening. By automating sample preparation  analysis  and reporting  laboratories can handle increased volumes while maintaining high-quality standards.: Ikonisys' automated FISH assay systems enhance speed  accuracy  and scalability in mass screening. By automating sample preparation  analysis  and reporting  laboratories can handle increased volumes while maintaining high-quality standards. Advanced Technology : Ikonisys' automated FISH solutions leverage on advanced imaging algorithms and artificial intelligence to improve data analysis and interpretation. These innovations facilitate early detection and personalized treatment planning  leading to better patient outcomes.: Ikonisys' automated FISH solutions leverage on advanced imaging algorithms and artificial intelligence to improve data analysis and interpretation. These innovations facilitate early detection and personalized treatment planning  leading to better patient outcomes. Seamless Integration: Ikonisys' automated FISH platforms seamlessly integrate into existing laboratory workflows  reducing manual errors and optimizing productivity.Alessandro Nosei  CDO and Brand Manager at Ikonisys  stated: ""Our new website serves as a central hub for healthcare professionals to learn about the benefits of automated FISH technology both in the actual routine and for eventual mass screening programs. We invite professionals and stakeholders to explore our platform and join us in advancing healthcare through innovation.""Visit www.ikonisys.com to learn more about how Ikonisys is revolutionizing mass screening with automated FISH technology.About IkonisysIkonisys SA is a cell-based diagnostics company based in Paris (France)  New Haven (Connecticut  USA) and Milan (Italy) specialized in the early and accurate detection of cancer. The company develops  produces and markets the proprietary Ikoniscope20 ® and Ikoniscope20max ® platforms  fully-automated solutions designed to deliver accurate and reliable detection and analysis of rare and very rare cells. Ikonisys has received FDA clearance for several automated diagnostic applications  which are also marketed in Europe under CE certification. Through its breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform  the company continues to develop a stream of new tests  including liquid biopsy tests based on Circulating Tumor Cells (CTC).For further information  please go to www.ikonisys-finance.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's prospects and development. These statements are sometimes identified by the use of the future tense  the conditional tense and forward-looking words such as ""believe""  ""aim to""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""believe""  ""should""  ""could""  ""would"" or ""will"" or  where appropriate  the negative of these terms or any other similar variants or expressions. This information is not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data set forth will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. It is subject to change or modification due to uncertainties relating to the economic  financial  competitive and regulatory environment. This information contains data relating to the Company's intentions  estimates and objectives concerning  in particular  the market  strategy  growth  results  financial situation and cash flow of the Company. The forward-looking information contained in this press release is made only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information contained in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation. The Company operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment and therefore cannot anticipate all of the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of any one risk or combination of risks could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking information  it being recalled that none of this forward-looking information constitutes a guarantee of actual results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240529205002/en/IkonisysAlessandro MauriCFOinvestors@ikonisys.comNewCapLouis-Victor Delouvrier/AurÃ©lie ManavarereInvestor Relationsikonisys@newcap.euTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94NewCapNicolas MerigeauMedia Relationsikonisys@newcap.euTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Source: Ikonisys SA",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.38,0.21,True,English,"['New Website', 'FISH Technology', 'Total Automation', 'Ikonisys', 'Advantages', 'Healthcare', 'Investing', ""Ikonisys' automated FISH assay systems"", 'unique, fully automated solution', 'several automated diagnostic applications', 'breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform', ""Ikonisys' automated FISH solutions"", 'eventual mass screening programs', ""Ikonisys' automated FISH platforms"", 'automated FISH technology', 'total automation solutions', 'personalized treatment planning', 'advanced imaging algorithms', 'existing laboratory workflows', 'liquid biopsy tests', 'Circulating Tumor Cells', 'other similar variants', 'rapidly changing environment', 'efficient mass screening', 'Total Automation Benefits', 'automated solutions', 'cell-based diagnostics company', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'medical analysis laboratories', 'FISH) technology', 'Advanced Technology', 'Ikoniscope20max ® platforms', 'molecular diagnostics', 'laboratory processes', 'new tests', 'regulatory environment', 'other factors', 'Ikonisys SA', 'Regulatory News', 'new website', 'Situ Hybridization', 'precise identification', 'genetic abnormalities', 'various diseases', 'comprehensive insights', 'sample preparation', 'increased volumes', 'high-quality standards', 'artificial intelligence', 'patient outcomes', 'Seamless Integration', 'manual errors', 'Alessandro Nosei', 'Brand Manager', 'central hub', 'actual routine', 'New Haven', 'proprietary Ikoniscope20 ®', 'reliable detection', 'rare cells', 'FDA clearance', 'CE certification', 'press release', 'future tense', 'conditional tense', 'forward-looking words', 'financial situation', 'cash flow', 'applicable law', 'potential impact', 'one risk', 'accurate detection', 'healthcare sector', 'early detection', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical data', 'forward-looking information', 'The Company', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'data analysis', 'healthcare professionals', 'ALIKO', 'cancers', 'launch', 'awareness', 'lead', 'speed', 'accuracy', 'scalability', 'reporting', 'interpretation', 'innovations', 'productivity', 'CDO', 'stakeholders', 'France', 'Connecticut', 'USA', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'stream', 'CTC', 'finance', 'Disclaimer', 'prospects', 'development', 'use', 'terms', 'expressions', 'guarantee', 'facts', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'change', 'modification', 'uncertainties', 'competitive', 'intentions', 'objectives', 'market', 'strategy', 'results', 'date', 'regulation', 'risks', 'extent', 'materialization', 'combination', 'none']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41932,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARMAT-6379853/news/CARMAT-Announces-the-Approval-of-All-Resolutions-Supported-by-the-Board-of-Directors-at-Its-Annual-G-46866376/,CARMAT Announces the Approval of All Resolutions Supported by the Board of Directors at Its Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:CARMAT   designer and developer of the world’s most advanced total artificial heart  aiming to provide a therapeutic alternative for people suffering from advanced biventricular heart failure   informs its shareholders…,Regulatory News:CARMAT (FR0010907956  ALCAR)  designer and developer of the world’s most advanced total artificial heart  aiming to provide a therapeutic alternative for people suffering from advanced biventricular heart failure (the “Company” or “CARMAT”)  informs its shareholders that the Combined General Meeting (AGM) held on May 30  2024  was able to validly deliberate  the required quorum having been reached.The AGM adopted all proposed resolutions  with the exception of the 28th resolution which was rejected  in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors.The Company would like to thank all shareholders  either present  represented or having voted by post  for their commitment and support.The consolidated result of the vote by resolution and the minutes of the AGM of May 30  2024 will be available on the Company's website  under Regulated Information / General Meetings  within the legal deadlines.About CARMATCARMAT is a French MedTech that designs  manufactures and markets the Aeson® artificial heart. The Company’s ambition is to make Aeson® the first alternative to a heart transplant  and thus provide a therapeutic solution to people suffering from end-stage biventricular heart failure  who are facing a well-known shortfall in available human grafts. The world’s first physiological artificial heart that is highly hemocompatible  pulsatile and self-regulated  Aeson® could save  every year  the lives of thousands of patients waiting for a heart transplant. The device offers patients quality of life and mobility thanks to its ergonomic and portable external power supply system that is continuously connected to the implanted prosthesis. Aeson® is commercially available as a bridge to transplant in the European Union and other countries that recognize CE marking. Aeson® is also currently being assessed within the framework of an Early Feasibility Study (EFS) in the United States. Founded in 2008  CARMAT is based in the Paris region  with its head offices located in Vélizy-Villacoublay and its production site in Bois-d’Arcy. The Company can rely on the talent and expertise of a multidisciplinary team of circa 200 highly specialized people. CARMAT is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (Ticker: ALCAR / ISIN code: FR0010907956).For more information  please go to www.carmatsa.com and follow us on LinkedIn.Name: CARMATISIN code: FR0010907956Ticker: ALCARDisclaimerThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe  nor a solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe to CARMAT shares in any country. This press release may contain forward-looking statements by the company regarding its objectives and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on the current estimates and anticipations of the company's management and are subject to risk factors and uncertainties such as the company's ability to implement its strategy  the pace of development of CARMAT's production and sales  the pace and results of ongoing or planned clinical trials  technological evolution and competitive environment  regulatory changes  industrial risks  and all risks associated with the company's growth management. The company's objectives mentioned in this press release may not be achieved due to these elements or other risk factors and uncertainties.The Company's material and specific risks are those described in its universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) under number D.24-0374. Readers' attention is particularly drawn to the fact that the Company's current financing horizon is limited to mid-August 2024. Readers' and investors' attention is also drawn to the fact that other risks  unknown or not considered material and specific  may or may not exist.Aeson® is an active implantable medical device commercially available in the European Union and other countries recognizing CE marking. The Aeson® total artificial heart is intended to replace the ventricles of the native heart and is indicated as a bridge to transplant for patients suffering from end-stage biventricular heart failure (INTERMACS classes 1-4) who cannot benefit from maximal medical therapy or a left ventricular assist device (LVAD) and who are likely to undergo a heart transplant within 180 days of implantation. The decision to implant and the surgical procedure must be carried out by healthcare professionals trained by the manufacturer. The documentation (clinician manual  patient manual  and alarm booklet) should be carefully read to understand the features of Aeson® and the information necessary for patient selection and proper use (contraindications  precautions  side effects). In the United States  Aeson® is currently exclusively available as part of an Early Feasibility Study approved by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530997748/en/,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.25,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'CARMAT', 'Approval', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'portable external power supply system', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'advanced total artificial heart', 'The Aeson® total artificial heart', 'advanced biventricular heart failure', 'end-stage biventricular heart failure', 'left ventricular assist device', 'first physiological artificial heart', 'available human grafts', 'Early Feasibility Study', 'universal registration document', 'maximal medical therapy', 'Aeson® artificial heart', 'implantable medical device', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Euronext Growth market', 'current financing horizon', '200 highly specialized people', 'other risk factors', 'native heart', 'heart transplant', 'first alternative', 'General Meetings', 'current estimates', 'other countries', 'therapeutic alternative', 'consolidated result', 'legal deadlines', 'French MedTech', 'therapeutic solution', 'European Union', 'CE marking', 'United States', 'head offices', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'multidisciplinary team', 'ISIN code', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'clinical trials', 'technological evolution', 'competitive environment', 'regulatory changes', 'growth management', ""Readers' attention"", ""investors' attention"", 'other risks', 'INTERMACS classes', 'surgical procedure', 'healthcare professionals', 'clinician manual', 'patient manual', 'alarm booklet', 'patient selection', 'proper use', 'side effects', 'Drug Administration', 'source version', 'industrial risks', 'specific risks', 'The AGM', 'The Company', 'Regulatory News', '28th resolution', 'Paris region', 'production site', 'patients quality', 'Regulated Information', 'CARMAT shares', 'ALCAR', 'designer', 'developer', 'world', 'shareholders', 'May', 'required', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'exception', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'Board', 'Directors', 'post', 'commitment', 'support', 'vote', 'minutes', 'website', 'ambition', 'shortfall', 'lives', 'thousands', 'life', 'mobility', 'ergonomic', 'prosthesis', 'bridge', 'framework', 'EFS', 'Arcy', 'talent', 'expertise', 'circa', 'Ticker', 'carmatsa', 'LinkedIn', 'Name', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'order', 'country', 'objectives', 'prospects', 'anticipations', 'uncertainties', 'ability', 'strategy', 'pace', 'development', 'sales', 'results', 'ongoing', 'elements', 'material', 'AMF', 'number', 'mid-August', 'active', 'ventricles', 'LVAD', '180 days', 'implantation', 'decision', 'manufacturer', 'documentation', 'features', 'contraindications', 'precautions', 'part', 'FDA', 'businesswire']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41933,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NETGEM-4779/news/Netgem-Business-Update-46858824/,Netgem :  Business Update,(marketscreener.com)  Continuing growth strategyin the entertainment technology marketNetgem confirms its targets of recurring revenue growthand improved profitability in 2024Paris  30 May 2024 The Netgem group is pursuing its growth strategy in the Eu…,"Continuing growth strategyin the entertainment technology marketNetgem confirms its targets of recurring revenue growthand improved profitability in 2024Paris  30 May 2024 The Netgem group is pursuing its growth strategy in the European Entertainment Technology market.Netgem offers a B2B platform of technological services dedicated to the exploitation of cinematographic and audiovisual works and  more recently  video games.The platform is two-sided  with Netgem's customers and partners being both the rights owners of the works and the exhibitors/distributors  in particular telecoms operators.Netgem's mission is to promote audiovisual creation through its monetisation  while reducing the cost of exchanges in the technological chain and improving the end customer's experience of accessing content.The reduction in costs is made possible by a software platform developed in-house  operated in the cloud in 'multi-tenant' mode (complete mutualisation) between all the partners/clients  and independent of the media used to exploit the works.The end-customer experience is the fruit of the Group's 25 years of innovation  initially developed for its core business around navigation software for telecoms operators' boxes and now extended to all screens.Netgem's development strategy is based on the one hand on the constant expansion of both sides of the platform: new content partnerships attract new distributors  who attract new content; and on the other hand on the enhancement of the service offering thanks to an ongoing effort in software innovation  the financing of which is made possible by the high recurrence of subscription revenues on the platform.The first few months of 2024 have been particularly rich in these respects:The Group's Digital Preservation and Enhancement services have been selected for new releases such as Luc Besson's Dogman  La passion de Dodin Bouffant  L'abbé Pierre and Une Vie et Vivants  as well as for certain corporate content such as the French Senate's audiovisual assets. Contracts with Mediawan and Newen/TF1 have been strengthened.The world of streaming is undergoing a new revolution with the emergence of Fast channels (themed linear streaming channels financed by interactive advertising). To meet this demand  the Group has launched its 'Fast Lane' package of content and services for its operator customers  already deployed in 6 territories including the UK with Talk Talk  France with zeop  and Switzerland with Netplus.Anticipating the convergence of streaming and video games through cloud gaming technology  enabling access to AAA games without consoles  Netgem has entered into a partnership with specialist Gamestream  for the exclusive distribution and integration of its technology and content in Europe. The resulting service is already distributed by zeop. The 'Cloud Gaming' offering distributed by Bouygues Telecom under the 'Pleio' brand has also been operated directly by Netgem for several weeks now  with the aim of supporting this operator's customers in their quest for an increasingly immersive experience.Taken together  these initiatives will enable the Group to confirm its target of growing recurring revenues and improving profitability in 2024.The Group is also pursuing its policy of pooling costs  particularly innovation costs  and improving G&A  in particular with the integration of Eclair Préservation and Eclair Valorisation.Mathias Hautefort  CEO of Netgem  comments: ""Cinema  audiovisual and video games have long operated in silos. Digital technology and artificial intelligence are in the process of overturning the service industry in these sectors  as well as the consumption patterns of end customers.Our ambition is to become the new benchmark partner for audiovisual creators and exhibitors/distributors - primarily telecoms operators and media groups - by providing them with our technological and business expertise in an end-to-end 360° vision.To achieve these objectives  we are open to strategic opportunities should they arise"".Financial communication calendarGeneral Meeting Thursday 30 May 2024  2.30pmH1 2024 results Wednesday 31 July 2024Point T3 2024 Friday 18 October 2024Press releases are issued before the opening of the stock market.ContactsInvestor and Analyst RelationsBertrand Soleilbertrand.soleil@double-digit.com+33 (0)6.23.31.06.53 Press RelationsPatricia Ouakipatricia.ouaki@forcemedia.fr+33 (0)1.44.40.24.01About NetgemNetgem supports the audiovisual sector in its digital transformation and is a key partner for telecoms operators and media groups in developing new immersive entertainment solutions. Netgem is the publisher of the digital entertainment service netgem.tv  distributed through a network of fixed and mobile telecoms operators in Europe  under the operator's brand (B2B2C model) to more than 670 000 subscribing households.Netgem is listed on Euronext Growth.(ISIN: FR0004154060  Reuters: ETGM.PA  Bloomberg: ALNTG FP)This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mGmflJycZWnIyG5rlZmXZ2VlbGiVmGWcbZSWx5KdZcmbanBiyGxhZpacZnFnlWhm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86030-2024-05-30-pr-cp-business-update-netgem-eng-def.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Business Update', 'Netgem', 'Financial communication calendar General Meeting', 'European Entertainment Technology market', 'new immersive entertainment solutions', ""L'abbé Pierre"", 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'recurring revenue growth', ""Fast Lane' package"", 'growing recurring revenues', 'Eclair Préservation', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'new benchmark partner', 'digital entertainment service', 'Continuing growth strategy', 'mobile telecoms operators', ""telecoms operators' boxes"", 'cloud gaming technology', 'new content partnerships', 'linear streaming channels', 'Fast channels', 'stock market', 'key partner', 'The Netgem group', 'Digital technology', 'immersive experience', 'new releases', 'new revolution', 'subscription revenues', 'Eclair Valorisation', 'Euronext Growth', 'development strategy', 'service offering', 'Digital Preservation', 'resulting service', 'service industry', 'digital transformation', 'new distributors', 'video games', 'rights owners', ""multi-tenant' mode"", 'complete mutualisation', 'core business', 'navigation software', 'one hand', 'constant expansion', 'other hand', 'ongoing effort', 'high recurrence', 'Luc Besson', 'La passion', 'Dodin Bouffant', 'Une Vie', 'French Senate', 'interactive advertising', 'Talk Talk', 'AAA games', 'exclusive distribution', 'Bouygues Telecom', 'several weeks', 'G&A', 'Mathias Hautefort', 'artificial intelligence', 'consumption patterns', 'business expertise', 'strategic opportunities', 'H1 2024 results', 'Press releases', 'Analyst Relations', 'Press Relations', 'B2B2C model', '670,000 subscribing households', 'ALNTG FP', 'audiovisual creation', 'audiovisual assets', 'audiovisual creators', 'audiovisual sector', 'technological chain', 'end-customer experience', 'software innovation', 'The Group', 'corporate content', 'media groups', 'end customer', ""Pleio' brand"", 'Bertrand Soleil', 'B2B platform', 'software platform', 'technological services', 'netgem.tv', 'Enhancement services', 'audiovisual works', 'innovation costs', 'Patricia Ouaki', 'operator customers', 'targets', 'profitability', 'Paris', '30 May', 'exploitation', 'cinematographic', 'particular', 'mission', 'monetisation', 'exchanges', 'reduction', 'partners/clients', 'fruit', '25 years', 'screens', 'sides', 'financing', 'first', 'months', 'respects', 'Dogman', 'Vivants', 'Contracts', 'Mediawan', 'Newen/TF1', 'world', 'emergence', 'demand', '6 territories', 'UK', 'France', 'zeop', 'Switzerland', 'Netplus', 'convergence', 'access', 'consoles', 'specialist', 'Gamestream', 'integration', 'aim', 'quest', 'initiatives', 'policy', 'CEO', 'silos', 'process', 'sectors', 'ambition', 'exhibitors/distributors', '360° vision', 'objectives', 'Thursday', '2.30pm', 'Point', 'October', 'opening', 'Contacts', 'Investor', 'forcemedia', 'publisher', 'network', 'fixed', 'Reuters', 'ETGM', 'Bloomberg', 'publication', 'mGmflJ']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/carmat-announces-the-approval-of-all-resolutions-supported-by-the-board-of-directors-at-its-annual-general-meeting-93CH-3463865,CARMAT Announces the Approval of All Resolutions Supported by the Board of Directors at Its Annual General Meeting By Investing.com,CARMAT Announces the Approval of All Resolutions Supported by the Board of Directors at Its Annual General Meeting,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:CARMAT (FR0010907956  ALCAR)  designer and developer of the world's most advanced total artificial heart  aiming to provide a therapeutic alternative for people suffering from advanced biventricular heart failure (the Company or CARMAT)  informs its shareholders that the Combined General Meeting (AGM) held on May 30  2024  was able to validly deliberate  the required quorum having been reached.The AGM adopted all proposed resolutions  with the exception of the 28th resolution which was rejected  in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors.The Company would like to thank all shareholders  either present  represented or having voted by post  for their commitment and support.The consolidated result of the vote by resolution and the minutes of the AGM of May 30  2024 will be available on the Company's website  under Regulated Information / General Meetings  within the legal deadlines.About CARMATCARMAT is a French MedTech that designs  manufactures and markets the Aeson ® artificial heart. The Company's ambition is to make Aeson ® the first alternative to a heart transplant  and thus provide a therapeutic solution to people suffering from end-stage biventricular heart failure  who are facing a well-known shortfall in available human grafts. The world's first physiological artificial heart that is highly hemocompatible  pulsatile and self-regulated  Aeson ® could save  every year  the lives of thousands of patients waiting for a heart transplant. The device offers patients quality of life and mobility thanks to its ergonomic and portable external power supply system that is continuously connected to the implanted prosthesis. Aeson ® is commercially available as a bridge to transplant in the European Union and other countries that recognize CE marking. Aeson ® is also currently being assessed within the framework of an Early Feasibility Study (EFS) in the United States. Founded in 2008  CARMAT is based in the Paris region  with its head offices located in VÃ©lizy-Villacoublay and its production site in Bois-d'Arcy. The Company can rely on the talent and expertise of a multidisciplinary team of circa 200 highly specialized people. CARMAT is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (Ticker: ALCAR / ISIN code: FR0010907956).For more information  please go to www.carmatsa.com and follow us on LinkedIn.Name: CARMATISIN code: FR0010907956Ticker: ALCARDisclaimerThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe  nor a solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe to CARMAT shares in any country. This press release may contain forward-looking statements by the company regarding its objectives and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on the current estimates and anticipations of the company's management and are subject to risk factors and uncertainties such as the company's ability to implement its strategy  the pace of development of CARMAT's production and sales  the pace and results of ongoing or planned clinical trials  technological evolution and competitive environment  regulatory changes  industrial risks  and all risks associated with the company's growth management. The company's objectives mentioned in this press release may not be achieved due to these elements or other risk factors and uncertainties.The Company's material and specific risks are those described in its universal registration document filed with the AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers (AMF) under number D.24-0374. Readers' attention is particularly drawn to the fact that the Company's current financing horizon is limited to mid-August 2024. Readers' and investors' attention is also drawn to the fact that other risks  unknown or not considered material and specific  may or may not exist.Aeson ® is an active implantable medical device commercially available in the European Union and other countries recognizing CE marking. The Aeson ® total artificial heart is intended to replace the ventricles of the native heart and is indicated as a bridge to transplant for patients suffering from end-stage biventricular heart failure (INTERMACS classes 1-4) who cannot benefit from maximal medical therapy or a left ventricular assist device (LVAD) and who are likely to undergo a heart transplant within 180 days of implantation. The decision to implant and the surgical procedure must be carried out by healthcare professionals trained by the manufacturer. The documentation (clinician manual  patient manual  and alarm booklet) should be carefully read to understand the features of Aeson ® and the information necessary for patient selection and proper use (contraindications  precautions  side effects). In the United States  Aeson ® is currently exclusively available as part of an Early Feasibility Study approved by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530997748/en/CARMATStÃ©phane PiatChief Executive OfficerPascale d'ArbonneauChief Financial OfficerTel.: +33 1 39 45 64 50contact@carmatsas.comAlize RPPress RelationsCaroline CarmagnolTel.: +33 6 64 18 99 59carmat@alizerp.comNewCapFinancial Communication& Investor RelationsDusan OresanskyJÃ©rÃ©my DigelTel.: +33 1 44 71 94 92carmat@newcap.euSource: CARMAT,neutral,0.46,0.53,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.21,0.49,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'CARMAT', 'Approval', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Investing', 'StÃ©phane Piat Chief Executive Officer', 'portable external power supply system', 'AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers', 'advanced total artificial heart', 'The Aeson ® total artificial heart', 'advanced biventricular heart failure', 'end-stage biventricular heart failure', 'left ventricular assist device', 'first physiological artificial heart', 'available human grafts', 'Early Feasibility Study', 'universal registration document', 'maximal medical therapy', 'Aeson ® artificial heart', 'implantable medical device', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Euronext Growth market', 'current financing horizon', '200 highly specialized people', 'other risk factors', 'native heart', 'first alternative', 'heart transplant', 'General Meetings', 'current estimates', 'other countries', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'therapeutic alternative', 'consolidated result', 'legal deadlines', 'French MedTech', 'therapeutic solution', 'European Union', 'CE marking', 'United States', 'head offices', 'VÃ©lizy-Villacoublay', 'multidisciplinary team', 'ISIN code', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'clinical trials', 'technological evolution', 'competitive environment', 'regulatory changes', 'growth management', ""Readers' attention"", ""investors' attention"", 'other risks', 'INTERMACS classes', 'surgical procedure', 'healthcare professionals', 'clinician manual', 'patient manual', 'alarm booklet', 'patient selection', 'proper use', 'side effects', 'Drug Administration', 'source version', 'Arbonneau Ch', 'industrial risks', 'specific risks', 'The AGM', 'The Company', 'Regulatory News', '28th resolution', 'production site', 'patients quality', 'Paris region', 'Regulated Information', 'CARMAT shares', 'ALCAR', 'designer', 'developer', 'world', 'shareholders', 'May', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'exception', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'Board', 'Directors', 'post', 'commitment', 'support', 'vote', 'minutes', 'website', 'ambition', 'shortfall', 'pulsatile', 'lives', 'thousands', 'life', 'mobility', 'ergonomic', 'prosthesis', 'bridge', 'framework', 'EFS', 'Arcy', 'talent', 'expertise', 'circa', 'Ticker', 'carmatsa', 'LinkedIn', 'Name', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'order', 'country', 'objectives', 'prospects', 'anticipations', 'uncertainties', 'ability', 'strategy', 'pace', 'development', 'sales', 'results', 'ongoing', 'elements', 'material', 'AMF', 'number', 'mid-August', 'active', 'ventricles', 'LVAD', '180 days', 'implantation', 'decision', 'manufacturer', 'documentation', 'features', 'contraindications', 'precautions', 'part', 'FDA', 'businesswire', 'Pascale']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/mauna-kea-technologies-winner-of-best-new-technology-solution--oncology-medtech-breakthrough-award-93CH-3463836,Mauna Kea Technologies Winner of Best New Technology Solution “ Oncology MedTech Breakthrough Award By Investing.com,Mauna Kea Technologies Winner of Best New Technology Solution “ Oncology MedTech Breakthrough Award,"Prestigious international program recognizes standout digital health & medical technology products and companies2024 awards program included more than 4 500 nominations from all around the worldPARIS & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT)  inventor of Cellvizio ®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announced that it has been selected as the winner of the Best New Technology Solution - Oncology award in the 8th annual MedTech Breakthrough Awards program. MedTech Breakthrough is an independent market intelligence organization that recognizes the top companies  technologies  and products in the global digital health and medical technology market  and the 2024 awards program included more than 4 500 nominations from all around the world.This award recognizes Mauna Kea's critical role in delivering meaningful MedTech product innovation across a wide range of interventional oncology indications  including gastroenterology  pulmonology and uro-oncology  using its next-generation proprietary in vivo cellular imaging platform  Cellvizio ®. The platform allows physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. Physicians are able to use the information provided by Cellvizio ® to accurately identify and risk stratify neoplastic tissue and create personalized patient treatment plans  generating significantly more favorable clinical and economic outcomes.""We are honored to be recognized by MedTech Breakthrough for our newest product innovation and ongoing commitment to advancing MedTech for interventionalists worldwide  said Sacha Loiseau  Ph.D.  Founder  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mauna Kea Technologies. Cancer remains a leading cause of death worldwide  and many cancers can be cured if detected early and treated effectively. Our next-generation Cellvizio platform continues to push the boundaries of what is possible with real-time cellular imaging in addressing the challenges of diagnosing and treating a wide range of pre-cancerous and cancerous conditions  leading to improved patient outcomes.About MedTech BreakthroughPart of Tech Breakthrough  a leading market intelligence and recognition platform for global technology innovation and leadership  the MedTech Breakthrough Awards program is devoted to honoring excellence and innovation in medical & health technology companies  products  services and people. The MedTech Breakthrough Awards provide a platform for public recognition around the achievements of breakthrough healthcare and medical companies and products in categories that include Patient Experience & Engagement  Health & Fitness  Medical Devices  Clinical Administration  Connected Healthcare  Medical Data  Healthcare Cybersecurity and more. For more information visit MedTechBreakthrough.com.About Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio ®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio ® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Technologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 2 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2023 Annual Report filed with the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers (AMF) on April 30  2024  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530398724/en/Mauna Kea Technologiesinvestors@maunakeatech.comNewCap - Investor RelationsAurÃ©lie Manavarere / Thomas Grojean+33 (0)1 44 71 94 94maunakea@newcap.euSource: Mauna Kea Technologies",neutral,0.32,0.67,0.01,negative,0.01,0.38,0.6,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies Winner', 'Best New Technology Solution', 'Oncology MedTech Breakthrough Award', 'Investing', '8th annual MedTech Breakthrough Awards program', 'needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'Best New Technology Solution', 'independent market intelligence organization', 'The MedTech Breakthrough Awards', 'meaningful MedTech product innovation', 'vivo cellular imaging platform', 'personalized patient treatment plans', 'global medical device company', 'vivo cellular visualization', 'companies 2024 awards program', 'Prestigious international program', 'leading market intelligence', 'newest product innovation', 'real-time cellular imaging', 'next-generation proprietary in', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'marchÃ©s financiers', 'global technology innovation', 'global digital health', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'medical technology market', 'standout digital health', 'interventional oncology indications', 'health technology companies', 'The Cellvizio ® platform', 'forward looking statements', 'next-generation Cellvizio platform', 'medical technology products', '2023 Annual Report', 'medical companies', 'breakthrough healthcare', 'patient outcomes', 'Patient Experience', 'top companies', 'leading cause', 'recognition platform', 'Medical Devices', 'Medical Data', 'medical specialties', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Growth', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'Oncology award', 'critical role', 'wide range', 'indeterminate areas', 'surgical interventions', 'neoplastic tissue', 'favorable clinical', 'economic outcomes', 'ongoing commitment', 'Sacha Loiseau', 'Ph.D.', 'many cancers', 'cancerous conditions', 'public recognition', 'Clinical Administration', 'transformative change', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'financial condition', 'future operations', 'reasonable assumptions', 'AutoritÃ© des', 'economic conditions', 'actual results', 'forward-looking statements', 'time reactions', 'real time', 'Connected Healthcare', 'financial markets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'numerous risks', '4,500 nominations', 'world', 'PARIS', 'BOSTON', 'ALMKT', 'inventor', 'nCLE', 'winner', 'gastroenterology', 'pulmonology', 'uro-oncology', 'physicians', 'progression', 'disease', 'concern', 'information', 'stratify', 'interventionalists', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'death', 'boundaries', 'challenges', 'diagnosing', 'pre-cancerous', 'improved', 'Part', 'leadership', 'excellence', 'services', 'people', 'achievements', 'categories', 'Engagement', 'Fitness', 'Cybersecurity', 'MedTechBreakthrough', 'point', 'way', 'patients', 'maunakeatech', 'Disclaimer', 'strategies', 'objectives', 'assurance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'Chapter', 'AMF', 'April', 'website', 'fr', 'changes', 'material', 'occurrence', 'performance']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAUNA-KEA-TECHNOLOGIES-8296092/news/Mauna-Kea-Technologies-Winner-of-Best-New-Technology-Solution-Oncology-MedTech-Breakthroug-46866283/,Mauna Kea Technologies Winner of “Best New Technology Solution – Oncology” MedTech Breakthrough Award,(marketscreener.com) Prestigious international program recognizes standout digital health & medical technology products and companies2024 awards program included more than 4 500 nominations from all around the worldhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/s…,"Prestigious international program recognizes standout digital health & medical technology products and companies 2024 awards program included more than 4 500 nominations from all around the worldRegulatory News:Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT)  inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announced that it has been selected as the winner of the “Best New Technology Solution - Oncology” award in the 8th annual MedTech Breakthrough Awards program. MedTech Breakthrough is an independent market intelligence organization that recognizes the top companies  technologies  and products in the global digital health and medical technology market  and the 2024 awards program included more than 4 500 nominations from all around the world.This award recognizes Mauna Kea’s critical role in delivering meaningful MedTech product innovation across a wide range of interventional oncology indications  including gastroenterology  pulmonology and uro-oncology  using its next-generation proprietary in vivo cellular imaging platform  Cellvizio®. The platform allows physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. Physicians are able to use the information provided by Cellvizio® to accurately identify and risk stratify neoplastic tissue and create personalized patient treatment plans  generating significantly more favorable clinical and economic outcomes.""We are honored to be recognized by MedTech Breakthrough for our newest product innovation and ongoing commitment to advancing MedTech for interventionalists worldwide ” said Sacha Loiseau  Ph.D.  Founder  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mauna Kea Technologies. “Cancer remains a leading cause of death worldwide  and many cancers can be cured if detected early and treated effectively. Our next-generation Cellvizio platform continues to push the boundaries of what is possible with real-time cellular imaging in addressing the challenges of diagnosing and treating a wide range of pre-cancerous and cancerous conditions  leading to improved patient outcomes.”***About MedTech BreakthroughPart of Tech Breakthrough  a leading market intelligence and recognition platform for global technology innovation and leadership  the MedTech Breakthrough Awards program is devoted to honoring excellence and innovation in medical & health technology companies  products  services and people. The MedTech Breakthrough Awards provide a platform for public recognition around the achievements of breakthrough healthcare and medical companies and products in categories that include Patient Experience & Engagement  Health & Fitness  Medical Devices  Clinical Administration  Connected Healthcare  Medical Data  Healthcare Cybersecurity and more. For more information visit MedTechBreakthrough.com.About Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Technologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 2 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2023 Annual Report filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 30  2024  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240530398724/en/",neutral,0.3,0.68,0.02,mixed,0.2,0.33,0.48,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies Winner', 'Best New Technology Solution', 'MedTech Breakthrough Award', 'Oncology', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', '8th annual MedTech Breakthrough Awards program', 'needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'Best New Technology Solution', 'independent market intelligence organization', 'actual results, financial condition', 'meaningful MedTech product innovation', 'The MedTech Breakthrough Awards', 'vivo cellular imaging platform', 'personalized patient treatment plans', 'global medical device company', 'vivo cellular visualization', 'Prestigious international program', 'leading market intelligence', 'newest product innovation', 'real-time cellular imaging', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'global technology innovation', 'global digital health', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'medical technology market', 'standout digital health', 'interventional oncology indications', 'The Cellvizio® platform', 'health technology companies', 'forward looking statements', '2024 awards program', 'medical technology products', 'next-generation Cellvizio platform', '2023 Annual Report', 'breakthrough healthcare', 'patient outcomes', 'Patient Experience', 'next-generation proprietary', 'leading cause', 'recognition platform', 'medical companies', 'Medical Devices', 'Medical Data', 'medical specialties', 'financial markets', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Growth', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'Oncology” award', 'top companies', 'critical role', 'wide range', 'indeterminate areas', 'surgical interventions', 'neoplastic tissue', 'favorable clinical', 'economic outcomes', 'ongoing commitment', 'Sacha Loiseau', 'Ph.D.', 'many cancers', 'cancerous conditions', 'public recognition', 'Clinical Administration', 'transformative change', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'future operations', 'reasonable assumptions', 'economic conditions', 'forward-looking statements', 'time reactions', 'real time', 'Connected Healthcare', 'numerous risks', '4,500 nominations', 'world', 'ALMKT', 'inventor', 'nCLE', 'winner', 'gastroenterology', 'pulmonology', 'uro-oncology', 'physicians', 'progression', 'disease', 'concern', 'information', 'stratify', 'interventionalists', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'death', 'boundaries', 'challenges', 'diagnosing', 'pre-cancerous', 'improved', 'Part', 'leadership', 'excellence', 'services', 'people', 'achievements', 'categories', 'Engagement', 'Fitness', 'Cybersecurity', 'MedTechBreakthrough', 'point', 'way', 'patients', 'maunakeatech', 'Disclaimer', 'business', 'strategies', 'objectives', 'assurance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'Chapter', 'AMF', 'April', 'website', 'fr', 'changes', 'material', 'occurrence', 'performance']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890458/0/en/Atos-completes-final-Technology-Rehearsal-for-the-Olympic-and-Paralympic-Games-Paris-2024.html,Atos completes final Technology Rehearsal for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024,Press Release     Atos completes final Technology Rehearsal for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024    Paris  France – May 30  2024 – Atos...,Press ReleaseAtos completes final Technology Rehearsal for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024Paris  France – May 30  2024 – Atos today announces the successful completion of the final Technology Rehearsal prior to the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. This last Technology Rehearsal took place from May 13 to 17 in different venues in Paris and other sites of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.Technology Rehearsals are designed to test how well IT policies and procedures and technology teams can handle real-life situations that may impact competitions. They also foster the team’s cohesion and collaboration  while giving each person a clear sense on how to make a difference. As the IT integration leader  Atos coordinated with the Organizing Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 (OCOG) and led the team of experts from all technology partners who were involved. 83 Technology Rehearsal Officers ran 1 400 scenarios to challenge more than 1 000 participants  similar to what they may encounter this summer. Scenarios tested included competition delay due to weather conditions  server disconnection or staff illness.Technology Rehearsal operations were carried out across 39 venues  including the Central Technology Operations Center in Barcelona  as well as venues specific to the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024  such as the Technology Operations Center  the Main Press Center  The Stade de France  or competition venues in Lille  Lyon  Marseille and Tahiti.This last Technology Rehearsal was successful as it did not identify any significant policy issues while further improving some processes.Bruno Marie-Rose  Chief Information and Technology Officer  Paris 2024 said “During this week of exercise  the main Technology stakeholders have all learned and grown as One Team. This week has shown us that we have the solid foundation that we need; and with all learning gathered  I am confident that we will deliver an outstanding event this summer.”Christophe Thivet  Chief Integration Officer Paris 2024  Atos said “My gratitude goes to all my colleagues who work on the technology team of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 from all organizations and partners  for their dedication in this final Technology Rehearsal. With less than 2 months left before the Opening Ceremony  I trust that this extraordinary team will be in the best possible shape to be ready for any challenge we might face.”For the past four years  Atos has been working alongside the Organizing Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 to get ready for the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad Paris 2024. By the Opening Ceremony  the Atos team will have conducted 250 000 hours of testing from its Integration Testing Lab in Madrid  led two Technology Rehearsals and participated in all sporting test events organized by the Organizing Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 or sporting federations.Atos has been involved with the Olympic Movement since 1992 and the Paralympic Movement since 2001. Atos is also the Official Digital Technology Partner of the European Olympic Committee for the 2023 and 2027 editions of the European Games.Atos is the only international information technology services company with a dedicated Sports and Major Events division in its Tech Foundations business line. To learn more about Atos solutions for sport and entertainment  please visit Sports & Major Events – Atos.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 94 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactFlorence Vayleux | florence.vayleux@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 32 12 22 96Attachments,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.01,mixed,0.64,0.15,0.21,True,English,"['final Technology Rehearsal', 'Paralympic Games', 'Atos', 'Olympic', 'international information technology services company', 'Tech Foundations business line', 'The Stade de France', 'Central Technology Operations Center', 'Official Digital Technology Partner', 'Chief Integration Officer Paris', 'Technology Rehearsal operations', 'significant policy issues', 'best possible shape', 'past four years', 'final Technology Rehearsal', 'last Technology Rehearsal', '83 Technology Rehearsal Officers', 'main Technology stakeholders', 'Main Press Center', 'two Technology Rehearsals', 'XXXIII Olympiad Paris', 'IT integration leader', 'Integration Testing Lab', 'sporting test events', 'Major Events division', 'secure information space', 'Paralympic Games Paris', 'Chief Information', 'Technology Officer', 'European Olympic Committee', 'technology teams', 'digital transformation', 'decarbonization services', 'decarbonized digital', 'European Games', 'IT policies', 'sporting federations', 'global leader', 'technology partners', 'Paralympic Movement', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press Release', 'European number', 'Press contact', 'Organizing Committee', 'successful completion', 'other sites', 'real-life situations', 'clear sense', 'competition delay', 'weather conditions', 'server disconnection', 'staff illness', 'Bruno Marie-Rose', 'solid foundation', 'outstanding event', 'Christophe Thivet', 'Opening Ceremony', 'annual revenue', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'One Team', 'extraordinary team', 'different venues', 'competition venues', 'c. 94,000 employees', 'Olympic Movement', 'Atos solutions', 'Florence Vayleux', 'Atos team', '39 venues', 'May', 'place', 'procedures', 'competitions', 'cohesion', 'collaboration', 'person', 'difference', 'OCOG', 'experts', '1,400 scenarios', '1,000 participants', 'Barcelona', 'Lille', 'Lyon', 'Marseille', 'Tahiti', 'processes', 'week', 'exercise', 'learning', 'gratitude', 'colleagues', 'organizations', 'dedication', 'less', '2 months', 'challenge', '250,000 hours', 'Madrid', '2027 editions', 'dedicated', 'Sports', 'entertainment', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Attachments', '2023']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/30/intech-investment-management-llc-has-596000-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Intech Investment Management LLC Has $596 000 Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Intech Investment Management LLC lessened its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 64.1% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 955 shares of t…,Intech Investment Management LLC lessened its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 64.1% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 955 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 3 486 shares during the period. Intech Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $596 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Several other institutional investors and hedge funds have also modified their holdings of PSA. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at $821 151 000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted its position in Public Storage by 29.9% during the 3rd quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3 168 763 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $835 032 000 after acquiring an additional 729 262 shares during the last quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC lifted its position in Public Storage by 555.6% during the 3rd quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC now owns 615 154 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $162 104 000 after acquiring an additional 521 322 shares during the last quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. lifted its position in Public Storage by 22.4% during the 3rd quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. now owns 2 470 839 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $633 949 000 after acquiring an additional 451 864 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Invesco Ltd. lifted its position in Public Storage by 29.0% during the 3rd quarter. Invesco Ltd. now owns 1 141 415 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $300 786 000 after acquiring an additional 256 326 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of PSA stock opened at $263.78 on Thursday. Public Storage has a 1 year low of $233.18 and a 1 year high of $312.25. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $274.22 and its 200-day moving average is $279.76. The firm has a market capitalization of $46.35 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.96  a PEG ratio of 3.78 and a beta of 0.57. The company has a current ratio of 0.54  a quick ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementAnalysts Set New Price TargetsThe firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Investors of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.55%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is currently 108.99%.A number of brokerages have recently commented on PSA. BMO Capital Markets upped their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday  March 19th. Barclays cut their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday  May 20th. Raymond James raised shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday  March 28th. Scotiabank upped their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Monday  March 18th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research report on Friday  April 5th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have assigned a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $304.75.Check Out Our Latest Analysis on PSAInsider Activity at Public StorageIn other Public Storage news  Director Kristy Pipes acquired 2 149 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday  May 14th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $278.96 per share  for a total transaction of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the acquisition  the director now directly owns 2 149 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $599 485.04. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 11.00% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['Intech Investment Management LLC', 'Public Storage', '$596,000 Holdings', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.', 'Intech Investment Management LLC', 'Lazard Asset Management LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'One equities research analyst', 'Several other institutional investors', 'other Public Storage news', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'recent 13F filing', '50 day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', 'consensus target price', 'recent reporting period', 'Director Kristy Pipes', 'New Price Targets', 'market perform” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'strong buy rating', 'dividend payout ratio', 'average rating', 'new stake', 'market capitalization', 'average cost', 'legal filing', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'price objective', 'outperform” rating', 'research report', 'overweight” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'Free Report', '4th quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'Norges Bank', 'JPMorgan Chase', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', 'Invesco Ltd.', 'ex-dividend date', 'Raymond James', 'Wells Fargo', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Latest Analysis', 'Insider Activity', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'i) interests', '3,044 self-storage fac', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', '1 year low', 'May 20th', 'total transaction', 'NYSE:PSA', 'additional 729,262 shares', 'additional 521,322 shares', 'additional 451,864 shares', 'additional 256,326 shares', 'company insiders', 'PSA stock', '$3.00 dividend', 'PSA.', '1,955 shares', '3,486 shares', '3,168,763 shares', '615,154 shares', '2,470,839 shares', '1,141,415 shares', '2,149 shares', 'holdings', 'Securities', 'Co.', 'position', 'Thursday', 'firm', 'beta', 'Analysts', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'yield', 'number', 'brokerages', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'Scotiabank', 'Friday', 'April', 'data', 'business', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'hyperlink', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', '29.']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,etfdailynews.com
41939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZERION-GROUP-N-V-120380175/news/Azerion-announces-expansion-of-its-Executive-Committee-and-new-responsibilities-46858817/,Azerion announces expansion of its Executive Committee and new responsibilities,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  30 May 2024 - After a year focused on the successful consolidation and integration of past acquisitions  the sale of its social cards portfolio  the refinancing of its listed bonds and the simplification of its legacy capital s…,Amsterdam  30 May 2024 - After a year focused on the successful consolidation and integration of past acquisitions  the sale of its social cards portfolio  the refinancing of its listed bonds and the simplification of its legacy capital structure  Azerion is pleased with the progress it is making in driving efficiencies across the group  delivering growth through its Platform and towards becoming Europe’s largest digital advertising platform.Looking forward  Azerion sees significant opportunities in the market to continue the growth and expansion of its Platform both organically and through strategic partnerships. With that opportunity in mind  Azerion is pleased to announce the expansion of its Executive Committee and new responsibilities for its members.After completing two years as Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  Ben Davey will now take on the role of Chief Investment Officer with a focus on external growth opportunities and related funding. As part of this transition  Azerion is delighted to announce that  with effect from the end of June 2024  Julie Duong Ferat will become Azerion’s new CFO. Mrs. Duong Ferat has acted as Azerion’s Vice-President of Finance for the last 4 years and has worked closely with Mr. Davey throughout that time.As part of her new role  Mrs Duong Ferat will join Azerion’s Executive Committee  as will Azerion’s Chief People Officer (CPO)  Gönenç Tarakcioglu. Ms Tarakcioglu has worked at Azerion for 10 years and has previously acted as Azerion’s Chief Data Protection Officer and Chief Compliance Officer.Following the new appointments  Azerion’s Executive Committee will comprise existing members Umut Akpinar (CEO)  Ben Davey (CIO)  Sebastiaan Moesman (Chief Strategy Officer)  Joost Merks (Chief M&A and Corporate Development Officer) and new members Julie Duong Ferat (CFO) and Gönenç Tarakcioglu (CPO).Commenting on the expanded Executive Committee  Azerion CEO  Umut Akpinar commented  “I am very pleased with the progress Azerion made in executing its strategy during 2023 and we have created strong foundations to accelerate our growth during 2024 and beyond. With that opportunity in mind  we are delighted to be developing and promoting our strong internal talent into leadership roles and onto our Executive Committee  whilst also enabling our senior team to focus on the exciting growth opportunities ahead of us.”About AzerionFounded in 2014  Azerion (EURONEXT: AZRN) is one of Europe’s largest digital advertising and entertainment media platforms. Azerion brings global scaled audiences to advertisers in an easy and cost-effective way  delivered through our proprietary technology  in a safe  engaging  and high quality environment  utilizing our strategic portfolio of owned and operated content with entertainment and other digital publishing partners.Having its roots in Europe and with its headquarters in Amsterdam  Azerion has commercial teams based in over 26 cities around the world to closely support our clients and partners to find and execute creative ways to make a real impact through advertising.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContact:Investor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comDISCLAIMERThis communication may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Azerion to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. Words and expressions such as aims  ambition  anticipates  believes  could  estimates  expects  goals  intends  may  milestones  objectives  outlook  plans  projects  risks  schedules  seeks  should  target  will or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause the actual results  performance or events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this communication. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements reflect Azerion’s current views and assumptions based on information currently available to Azerion’s management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and Azerion does not assume any obligation to update or revise such statements as a result of new information  future events or other information  except as required by law.,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.26,0.22,True,English,"['Executive Committee', 'new responsibilities', 'Azerion', 'expansion', 'Chief Data Protection Officer', 'other digital publishing partners', 'largest digital advertising platform', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'Chief People Officer', 'Chief Compliance Officer', 'Chief M&A', 'Corporate Development Officer', 'legacy capital structure', 'Julie Duong Ferat', 'Mrs. Duong Ferat', 'Mrs Duong Ferat', 'global scaled audiences', 'high quality environment', 'Gönenç Tarakcioglu', 'social cards portfolio', 'strong internal talent', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'other similar words', 'external growth opportunities', 'exciting growth opportunities', 'entertainment media platforms', 'significant opportunities', 'Ms Tarakcioglu', 'other things', 'other factors', 'strong foundations', 'strategic portfolio', 'other information', 'successful consolidation', 'past acquisitions', 'strategic partnerships', 'Executive Committee', 'new responsibilities', 'Ben Davey', 'related funding', 'Mr. Davey', 'new appointments', 'Umut Akpinar', 'Sebastiaan Moesman', 'Joost Merks', 'leadership roles', 'senior team', 'cost-effective way', 'proprietary technology', 'commercial teams', 'creative ways', 'real impact', 'Investor Relations', 'historical facts', 'potential exposure', 'actual results', 'future results', 'undue reliance', 'current views', 'two years', 'last 4 years', 'existing members', 'new members', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'forward-looking statements', 'new role', 'new information', 'future events', 'new CFO', 'market risks', 'Azerion CEO', '10 years', 'Amsterdam', 'integration', 'sale', 'refinancing', 'bonds', 'simplification', 'progress', 'efficiencies', 'group', 'Europe', 'expansion', 'opportunity', 'mind', 'focus', 'transition', 'end', 'June', 'Vice-President', 'Finance', 'time', 'CPO', 'EURONEXT', 'AZRN', 'advertisers', 'easy', 'content', 'roots', 'headquarters', '26 cities', 'world', 'clients', 'Contact', 'DISCLAIMER', 'communication', 'management', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'expressions', 'aims', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plans', 'projects', 'schedules', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Readers', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', '2024']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IKONISYS-S-A-124707080/news/Ikonisys-Introduces-New-Website-to-Highlight-Advantages-of-FISH-Technology-and-Total-Automation-in-H-46858806/,Ikonisys Introduces New Website to Highlight Advantages of FISH Technology and Total Automation in Healthcare,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA   a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  is proud to announce the launch of its new website  dedi…,"Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA (Euronext Growth Paris: ALIKO)  a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  is proud to announce the launch of its new website  dedicated to raising awareness of Fluorescence In Situ Hybridization (FISH) technology and its applications in mass screening programs within the healthcare sector.FISH technology has significantly advanced molecular diagnostics  allowing precise identification of genetic abnormalities associated with various diseases  notably cancer. Ikonisys is taking the lead on developing total automation solutions  streamlining laboratory processes for efficient mass screening.The new website provides comprehensive insights into:Total Automation Benefits : Ikonisys' automated FISH assay systems enhance speed  accuracy  and scalability in mass screening. By automating sample preparation  analysis  and reporting  laboratories can handle increased volumes while maintaining high-quality standards.: Ikonisys' automated FISH assay systems enhance speed  accuracy  and scalability in mass screening. By automating sample preparation  analysis  and reporting  laboratories can handle increased volumes while maintaining high-quality standards. Advanced Technology : Ikonisys' automated FISH solutions leverage on advanced imaging algorithms and artificial intelligence to improve data analysis and interpretation. These innovations facilitate early detection and personalized treatment planning  leading to better patient outcomes.: Ikonisys' automated FISH solutions leverage on advanced imaging algorithms and artificial intelligence to improve data analysis and interpretation. These innovations facilitate early detection and personalized treatment planning  leading to better patient outcomes. Seamless Integration: Ikonisys' automated FISH platforms seamlessly integrate into existing laboratory workflows  reducing manual errors and optimizing productivity.Alessandro Nosei  CDO and Brand Manager at Ikonisys  stated: ""Our new website serves as a central hub for healthcare professionals to learn about the benefits of automated FISH technology both in the actual routine and for eventual mass screening programs. We invite professionals and stakeholders to explore our platform and join us in advancing healthcare through innovation.""Visit www.ikonisys.com to learn more about how Ikonisys is revolutionizing mass screening with automated FISH technology.About IkonisysIkonisys SA is a cell-based diagnostics company based in Paris (France)  New Haven (Connecticut  USA) and Milan (Italy) specialized in the early and accurate detection of cancer. The company develops  produces and markets the proprietary Ikoniscope20® and Ikoniscope20max® platforms  fully-automated solutions designed to deliver accurate and reliable detection and analysis of rare and very rare cells. Ikonisys has received FDA clearance for several automated diagnostic applications  which are also marketed in Europe under CE certification. Through its breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform  the company continues to develop a stream of new tests  including liquid biopsy tests based on Circulating Tumor Cells (CTC).For further information  please go to www.ikonisys-finance.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's prospects and development. These statements are sometimes identified by the use of the future tense  the conditional tense and forward-looking words such as ""believe""  ""aim to""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""believe""  ""should""  ""could""  ""would"" or ""will"" or  where appropriate  the negative of these terms or any other similar variants or expressions. This information is not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data set forth will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. It is subject to change or modification due to uncertainties relating to the economic  financial  competitive and regulatory environment. This information contains data relating to the Company's intentions  estimates and objectives concerning  in particular  the market  strategy  growth  results  financial situation and cash flow of the Company. The forward-looking information contained in this press release is made only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information contained in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation. The Company operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment and therefore cannot anticipate all of the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of any one risk or combination of risks could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking information  it being recalled that none of this forward-looking information constitutes a guarantee of actual results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240529205002/en/",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.38,0.21,True,English,"['New Website', 'FISH Technology', 'Total Automation', 'Ikonisys', 'Highlight', 'Advantages', 'Healthcare', ""Ikonisys' automated FISH assay systems"", 'unique, fully automated solution', 'several automated diagnostic applications', 'breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform', ""Ikonisys' automated FISH solutions"", 'eventual mass screening programs', ""Ikonisys' automated FISH platforms"", 'automated FISH technology', 'total automation solutions', 'personalized treatment planning', 'advanced imaging algorithms', 'existing laboratory workflows', 'liquid biopsy tests', 'Circulating Tumor Cells', 'other similar variants', 'rapidly changing environment', 'efficient mass screening', 'Total Automation Benefits', 'automated solutions', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'cell-based diagnostics company', 'medical analysis laboratories', 'FISH) technology', 'Advanced Technology', 'Ikoniscope20max® platforms', 'molecular diagnostics', 'laboratory processes', 'new tests', 'regulatory environment', 'other factors', 'Ikonisys SA', 'Regulatory News', 'new website', 'Situ Hybridization', 'precise identification', 'genetic abnormalities', 'various diseases', 'comprehensive insights', 'sample preparation', 'increased volumes', 'high-quality standards', 'artificial intelligence', 'patient outcomes', 'Seamless Integration', 'manual errors', 'Alessandro Nosei', 'Brand Manager', 'central hub', 'actual routine', 'New Haven', 'proprietary Ikoniscope20®', 'reliable detection', 'rare cells', 'FDA clearance', 'CE certification', 'press release', 'future tense', 'conditional tense', 'forward-looking words', 'financial situation', 'cash flow', 'applicable law', 'potential impact', 'one risk', 'accurate detection', 'healthcare sector', 'early detection', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical data', 'looking information', 'The Company', 'data analysis', 'healthcare professionals', 'ALIKO', 'cancers', 'launch', 'awareness', 'lead', 'speed', 'accuracy', 'scalability', 'reporting', 'interpretation', 'innovations', 'productivity', 'CDO', 'stakeholders', 'France', 'Connecticut', 'USA', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'stream', 'CTC', 'finance', 'Disclaimer', 'prospects', 'development', 'use', 'terms', 'expressions', 'guarantee', 'facts', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'change', 'modification', 'uncertainties', 'competitive', 'intentions', 'objectives', 'market', 'strategy', 'results', 'date', 'regulation', 'risks', 'business', 'extent', 'materialization', 'combination', 'none']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46858796/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 29 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8680 £ 24.9801 Estimated MTD return 0.65 % 0.75 % Estimated YTD return 1.16 % 1.67 % Estimated ITD return 178.68 % 149.80 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.99 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.93 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.4142 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.9954The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890407/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 29 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8680 £ 24.9801 Estimated MTD return 0.65 % 0.75 % Estimated YTD return 1.16 % 1.67 % Estimated ITD return 178.68 % 149.80 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.99 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.93 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.4142 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.9954The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/30/2890971/0/en/L-OCCITANE-en-Provence-and-CARBIOS-present-a-PET-bottle-made-from-enzymatic-recycling-the-result-of-a-European-circular-economy.html,L’OCCITANE en Provence and CARBIOS present a PET bottle made from enzymatic recycling  the result of a European circular economy,L’OCCITANE en Provence and CARBIOS present a PET bottle made from enzymatic recycling  the result of a European circular economy     CARBIOS  L’OCCITANE...,L’OCCITANE en Provence and CARBIOS present a PET bottle made from enzymatic recycling  the result of a European circular economyCARBIOS  L’OCCITANE en Provence and Pinard Beauty Pack join forces to establish an efficient European value chain for PET circularityThe 100% biorecycled transparent bottle (from enzymatic recycling) will be on display at CARBIOS’ booth D02 at “Edition Spéciale” by LuxePack  held 4-5 June at the Carreau du Temple in ParisA key step towards achieving L'OCCITANE en Provence's eco-design commitment of 100% retail bottles made from 100% post-consumer recycled PET by 2027Clermont-Ferrand and Manosque (France)  Thursday 30 May 2024 (6pm CEST). CARBIOS   (Euronext Growth Paris : ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles  and L’OCCITANE en Provence  an international cosmetics brand using natural and organic ingredients  a long-term partner of CARBIOS  present a bottle in transparent PET made entirely from enzymatic recycling for a shower oil from the Amande range. In collaboration with converter Pinard Beauty Pack  this bottle exemplifies a shared desire to build en efficient European recycling sector to accelerate the transition to a circular economy for plastic  and meet brands' commitments for more sustainable packaging solutions. The bottle will be on display at CARBIOS’ Stand D02 at “Edition Spéciale” by LuxePack  the trade show dedicated to sustainable premium packaging  to be held on 4-5 June 2024 at the Carreau du Temple in Paris.A sustainable European recycling sector set in motionThe 100% recycled PET bottle from CARBIOS' enzymatic depolymerization process was made with a European value chain committed to responsible consumption of sustainable materials. The bottle’s production began with the local supply of PET waste (already collected  sorted and prepared) to the CARBIOS industrial demonstrator in Clermont-Ferrand  France. The waste used consisted of colored bottles  multilayer trays and mechanical recycling residues  none of which are currently recycled using conventional technologies. CARBIOS deconstructed the PET waste into its original monomers  PTA1 and MEG2  using its biorecycling technology. The resulting monomers were then repolymerized into new  fully recycled PET resins within Europe. In Oyonnax  France  these resins were blow-molded by Pinard Beauty Pack to create bottles according to L’OCCITANE’s specifications  and then filled with its shower oil at its Manosque plant.This European approach optimizes the environmental benefits of the technology and the life cycle analysis (LCA) of each product  by reducing transport distances and integrating local collection and production processes. To meet the needs of international brands  similar chains will have to be established worldwide  drawing inspiration from this example.Emmanuel Ladent  CEO  CARBIOS : « CARBIOS' innovation accelerates the transition to a circular economy by offering an alternative to petro-sourced PET and a circular PET recycling solution that reduces CO 2 emissions by 57%. But to create an efficient recycling sector  all players in the value chain have their part to play  and must work together. The long-term partnership between CARBIOS and L’OCCITANE is testament of this shared desire to promote more responsible consumption. The bottle produced with L'OCCITANE and its converter Pinard illustrates how the industry is moving forward. »David Bayard  R&D Packaging Director  L’OCCITANE : « At L'OCCITANE en Provence  we're Cultivators of Change  and we're proud to be part of this forward-looking industry. Today  just over 50% of our PET material is from recycled origin. Thanks in particular to CARBIOS and depolymerization technologies  we will be able to reach 100% by 2027 for all our retail bottles. We are very satisfied with the quality of the bottle produced in collaboration with CARBIOS and Pinard  which enables us to reduce our reliance on fossil-based plastic and offers a viable alternative with equivalent quality and transparency  which is important to showcase our products. »Paolo Coelho  Plant Director  Pinard Beauty Pack : « At Pinard  we are delighted to have reached this new milestone and to be associated with the production of L'OCCITANE en Provence’s first bottle using CARBIOS’ revolutionary technology. This bottle was blow-molded under the same conditions and with the same parameters as virgin or mechanically recycled PET  a considerable advantage for the deployment of CARBIOS’ technology. We're seeing strong demand for high-quality recycled PET which can be used to produce the same applications as with virgin PET. »The environmental benefits of CARBIOS biorecycling technologyRecent life-cycle analyses3 show a 57% reduction in CO 2 emissions compared to virgin plastic production4  and for every tonne of recycled PET produced  1.3 tonnes of oil are avoided. Compared with conventional recycling  enzymatic recycling is 5 times more circular (calculated according to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation's Material Circularity Indicator5). Thanks to its highly selective enzyme  optimized for efficient PET degradation  CARBIOS' depolymerization technology can handle all types of PET waste  including colored  multilayer or textile waste that cannot be recycled with current technologies. CARBIOS’ technology therefore complements mechanical recycling technologies. Furthermore  the two monomers produced (PTA and MEG) make it possible to recreate recycled PET products suitable for food contact and of identical quality to those of petroleum origin.An industrial realityOn 25 April 2024  CARBIOS celebrated the ground-breaking ceremony for its Longlaville plant  the first in the world to use the revolutionary enzymatic depolymerization technology. The plant will have an annual capacity of 50 000 tons of prepared waste when operating at full capacity.Technological innovation serving eco-designBy taking into consideration the life cycle of materials and integrating recycling constraints right from the packaging design stage  manufacturers and brands can greatly optimize product circularity. To find out more  attend the “Case Study” conference at “Edition Spéciale” by LuxePack:“CARBIOS and L'OCCITANE en Provence: technological innovation serving eco-design”Wednesday 5 June 2024 from 3pm to 3.45pm in the auditorium (Carreau du Temple  Paris)Speakers: Benedicte GARBIL - Senior VP Corporate Affairs & Sustainability - CARBIOS Martin BLONDEL - R&D Packaging Leader - L'OCCITANE en Provence###About CARBIOS:CARBIOS is a biotech company developing and industrializing biological solutions to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles. Inspired by nature  CARBIOS develops enzyme-based processes to break down plastic with a mission to avoid plastic and textile pollution  and accelerate the transition to a circular economy. Its two disruptive technologies for the biorecycling of PET and the biodegradation of PLA are reaching industrial and commercial scale. Its biorecycling demonstration plant has been operational since 2021 and a first industrial plant  in partnership with Indorama Ventures  is currently under construction. CARBIOS  founded in 2011 by Truffle Capital  has received scientific recognition  notably with the cover of Nature  and is supported by prestigious brands in the cosmetics  Food & Beverage and apparel industries to enhance their products’ recyclability and circularity. Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe are members of a packaging consortium founded by CARBIOS and L’Oréal. On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp. and Salomon collaborate with CARBIOS in a textile consortium.Visit www.carbios.com/en to find out more about biotechnology powering plastic and textile circularity.For latest news and media assets  visit our newsroom: www.carbios.com/newsroom/en/LinkedIn: CARBIOS / Instagram: insidecarbiosInformation on CARBIOS shares:ISIN Code: FR0011648716 Ticker Code: Euronext Growth: ALCRB LEI: 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in CARBIOS in any country.CARBIOS is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.About L’OCCITANE en ProvenceL'OCCITANE en Provence is dedicated to sharing the wonders that nature has to offer. We've been doing just that since 1976  designing and marketing beauty  skincare and well-being products made in France all over the world. We believe that beauty goes beyond what the eye can see. From seed to skin  from respect for the environment to the well-being of our consumers  our approach is holistic. At L'OCCITANE en Provence  we have always been Cultivators of Change. We do our best to create positive change in the world  and we always try to inspire those around us to do the same.For additional information  please contact:CARBIOS PR France PR US PR DACH & UK Melissa Flauraud Iconic Rooney Partners MC Services Press Relations Aurélie AKNIN / Clémence NAIZET Kate L. Barrette Anne-Hennecke melissa.flauraud@carbios.com carbios@iconic.fr kbarrette@rooneyco.com carbios@mc-services.eu +33 (0)6 30 26 50 04 +33 (0)6 68 28 21 78 +1 212 223 0561 +49 (0)211 529 252 22 Benjamin Audebert Relations Investisseurs contact@carbios.com +33 (0)4 73 86 51 76 L’OCCITANE en Provence Patricia Montesinos Public Relations Patricia.montesinos@loccitane.com +33 (0)4 92 70 19 45The translation is provided for information purposes only.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  the French version shall prevail.Disclaimer on forward-looking statements and risk factors:This press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by CARBIOS. CARBIOS operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. CARBIOS draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which CARBIOS operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if CARBIOS’ financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of CARBIOS’ future results or developments. Readers are advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in the Universal registration document filed with the French Market Authority (“AMF”)  as well as in the half-year financial report available free of charge on the Company’s website. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize or others  in no case whatsoever will CARBIOS be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. CARBIOS makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.1 Purified Terephthalic Acid2 Monoethylene Glycol3 Database ecoinvent 3.84 French scenario  taking into account the detour of 50% of PET waste from conventional end-of-life. Virgin PET: 2.53 kg CO2/kg (cradle to gate)5 The Material Circularity Indicator (MCI) is a methodology developed by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation to measure how restorative the material flows are. The MCI gives a value between 0 and 1 where higher values indicate a higher circularity. The MCI value for CARBIOS’ enzymatic recycling is 0.8.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.26,0.24,True,English,"['European circular economy', 'L’OCCITANE', 'PET bottle', 'enzymatic recycling', 'Provence', 'CARBIOS', 'result', 'new, fully recycled PET resins', 'R&D Packaging Director', 'efficient European recycling sector', 'efficient European value chain', 'sustainable European recycling sector', 'circular PET recycling solution', 'converter Pinard Beauty Pack', ""CARBIOS' enzymatic depolymerization process"", 'efficient recycling sector', 'sustainable packaging solutions', 'sustainable premium packaging', 'Edition Spéciale', 'Carreau du Temple', 'Recent life-cycle analyses3', 'high-quality recycled PET', 'mechanical recycling residues', 'international cosmetics brand', 'European circular economy', 'life cycle analysis', 'CARBIOS’ Stand D02', 'CARBIOS industrial demonstrator', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'recycled PET bottle', 'L’OCCITANE en', ""L'OCCITANE en"", '100% biorecycled transparent bottle', 'CARBIOS’ revolutionary technology', 'CARBIOS biorecycling technology', 'virgin plastic production', 'new milestone', 'European approach', 'enzymatic recycling', 'sustainable materials', 'depolymerization technologies', 'Plant Director', 'conventional recycling', 'transparent PET', 'virgin PET', 'international brands', 'PET circularity', 'petro-sourced PET', 'PET material', 'CARBIOS’ technology', 'key step', 'eco-design commitment', 'biological technologies', 'organic ingredients', 'long-term partner', 'Amande range', ""brands' commitments"", 'trade show', '4-5 June', 'responsible consumption', 'local supply', 'multilayer trays', 'conventional technologies', 'original monomers', 'resulting monomers', 'environmental benefits', 'transport distances', 'local collection', 'similar chains', 'Emmanuel Ladent', 'David Bayard', 'Paolo Coelho', 'same conditions', 'same parameters', 'considerable advantage', 'strong demand', 'same applications', 'Ellen MacArthu', 'PET waste', 'CARBIOS’ booth', ""CARBIOS' innovation"", '100% retail bottles', 'colored bottles', 'production processes', 'fossil-based plastic', 'shower oil', 'first bottle', 'Manosque plant', 'forward-looking industry', 'viable alternative', 'equivalent quality', 'CO 2 emissions', 'Provence', 'forces', 'display', 'LuxePack', '100% post-consumer', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'France', 'Thursday', 'May', 'ALCRB', 'pioneer', 'development', 'industrialization', 'textiles', 'natural', 'collaboration', 'desire', 'transition', 'motion', 'none', 'PTA1', 'MEG', 'Oyonnax', 'specifications', 'LCA', 'needs', 'inspiration', 'example', 'CEO', 'players', 'testament', 'shared', 'Cultivators', 'Change', 'reliance', 'transparency', 'products', 'deployment', '57% reduction', 'tonne']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,globenewswire.com
41944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARBIOS-15262917/news/L-OCCITANE-en-Provence-and-CARBIOS-present-a-PET-bottle-made-from-enzymatic-recycling-the-result-46866358/,L'OCCITANE en Provence and CARBIOS present a PET bottle made from enzymatic recycling  the result of a European circular economy,(marketscreener.com) L’OCCITANE en Provence and CARBIOS present a PET bottle made from enzymatic recycling  the result of a European circular economy CARBIOS  L’OCCITANE en Provence and Pinard Beauty Pack join forces to establish an efficient European value c…,L’OCCITANE en Provence and CARBIOS present a PET bottle made from enzymatic recycling  the result of a European circular economyCARBIOS  L’OCCITANE en Provence and Pinard Beauty Pack join forces to establish an efficient European value chain for PET circularityThe 100% biorecycled transparent bottle (from enzymatic recycling) will be on display at CARBIOS’ booth D02 at “Edition Spéciale” by LuxePack  held 4-5 June at the Carreau du Temple in ParisA key step towards achieving L'OCCITANE en Provence's eco-design commitment of 100% retail bottles made from 100% post-consumer recycled PET by 2027Clermont-Ferrand and Manosque (France)  Thursday 30 May 2024 (6pm CEST). CARBIOS   (Euronext Growth Paris : ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles  and L’OCCITANE en Provence  an international cosmetics brand using natural and organic ingredients  a long-term partner of CARBIOS  present a bottle in transparent PET made entirely from enzymatic recycling for a shower oil from the Amande range. In collaboration with converter Pinard Beauty Pack  this bottle exemplifies a shared desire to build en efficient European recycling sector to accelerate the transition to a circular economy for plastic  and meet brands' commitments for more sustainable packaging solutions. The bottle will be on display at CARBIOS’ Stand D02 at “Edition Spéciale” by LuxePack  the trade show dedicated to sustainable premium packaging  to be held on 4-5 June 2024 at the Carreau du Temple in Paris.A sustainable European recycling sector set in motionThe 100% recycled PET bottle from CARBIOS' enzymatic depolymerization process was made with a European value chain committed to responsible consumption of sustainable materials. The bottle’s production began with the local supply of PET waste (already collected  sorted and prepared) to the CARBIOS industrial demonstrator in Clermont-Ferrand  France. The waste used consisted of colored bottles  multilayer trays and mechanical recycling residues  none of which are currently recycled using conventional technologies. CARBIOS deconstructed the PET waste into its original monomers  PTA1 and MEG2  using its biorecycling technology. The resulting monomers were then repolymerized into new  fully recycled PET resins within Europe. In Oyonnax  France  these resins were blow-molded by Pinard Beauty Pack to create bottles according to L’OCCITANE’s specifications  and then filled with its shower oil at its Manosque plant.This European approach optimizes the environmental benefits of the technology and the life cycle analysis (LCA) of each product  by reducing transport distances and integrating local collection and production processes. To meet the needs of international brands  similar chains will have to be established worldwide  drawing inspiration from this example.Emmanuel Ladent  CEO  CARBIOS : « CARBIOS' innovation accelerates the transition to a circular economy by offering an alternative to petro-sourced PET and a circular PET recycling solution that reduces CO 2 emissions by 57%. But to create an efficient recycling sector  all players in the value chain have their part to play  and must work together. The long-term partnership between CARBIOS and L’OCCITANE is testament of this shared desire to promote more responsible consumption. The bottle produced with L'OCCITANE and its converter Pinard illustrates how the industry is moving forward. »David Bayard  R&D Packaging Director  L’OCCITANE : « At L'OCCITANE en Provence  we're Cultivators of Change  and we're proud to be part of this forward-looking industry. Today  just over 50% of our PET material is from recycled origin. Thanks in particular to CARBIOS and depolymerization technologies  we will be able to reach 100% by 2027 for all our retail bottles. We are very satisfied with the quality of the bottle produced in collaboration with CARBIOS and Pinard  which enables us to reduce our reliance on fossil-based plastic and offers a viable alternative with equivalent quality and transparency  which is important to showcase our products. »Paolo Coelho  Plant Director  Pinard Beauty Pack : « At Pinard  we are delighted to have reached this new milestone and to be associated with the production of L'OCCITANE en Provence’s first bottle using CARBIOS’ revolutionary technology. This bottle was blow-molded under the same conditions and with the same parameters as virgin or mechanically recycled PET  a considerable advantage for the deployment of CARBIOS’ technology. We're seeing strong demand for high-quality recycled PET which can be used to produce the same applications as with virgin PET. »The environmental benefits of CARBIOS biorecycling technologyRecent life-cycle analyses3 show a 57% reduction in CO 2 emissions compared to virgin plastic production4  and for every tonne of recycled PET produced  1.3 tonnes of oil are avoided. Compared with conventional recycling  enzymatic recycling is 5 times more circular (calculated according to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation's Material Circularity Indicator5). Thanks to its highly selective enzyme  optimized for efficient PET degradation  CARBIOS' depolymerization technology can handle all types of PET waste  including colored  multilayer or textile waste that cannot be recycled with current technologies. CARBIOS’ technology therefore complements mechanical recycling technologies. Furthermore  the two monomers produced (PTA and MEG) make it possible to recreate recycled PET products suitable for food contact and of identical quality to those of petroleum origin.An industrial realityOn 25 April 2024  CARBIOS celebrated the ground-breaking ceremony for its Longlaville plant  the first in the world to use the revolutionary enzymatic depolymerization technology. The plant will have an annual capacity of 50 000 tons of prepared waste when operating at full capacity.Technological innovation serving eco-designBy taking into consideration the life cycle of materials and integrating recycling constraints right from the packaging design stage  manufacturers and brands can greatly optimize product circularity. To find out more  attend the “Case Study” conference at “Edition Spéciale” by LuxePack:“CARBIOS and L'OCCITANE en Provence: technological innovation serving eco-design”Wednesday 5 June 2024 from 3pm to 3.45pm in the auditorium (Carreau du Temple  Paris)Speakers: Benedicte GARBIL - Senior VP Corporate Affairs & Sustainability - CARBIOS Martin BLONDEL - R&D Packaging Leader - L'OCCITANE en Provence###About CARBIOS:CARBIOS is a biotech company developing and industrializing biological solutions to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles. Inspired by nature  CARBIOS develops enzyme-based processes to break down plastic with a mission to avoid plastic and textile pollution  and accelerate the transition to a circular economy. Its two disruptive technologies for the biorecycling of PET and the biodegradation of PLA are reaching industrial and commercial scale. Its biorecycling demonstration plant has been operational since 2021 and a first industrial plant  in partnership with Indorama Ventures  is currently under construction. CARBIOS  founded in 2011 by Truffle Capital  has received scientific recognition  notably with the cover of Nature  and is supported by prestigious brands in the cosmetics  Food & Beverage and apparel industries to enhance their products’ recyclability and circularity. Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe are members of a packaging consortium founded by CARBIOS and L’Oréal. On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp. and Salomon collaborate with CARBIOS in a textile consortium.Visit www.carbios.com/en to find out more about biotechnology powering plastic and textile circularity.For latest news and media assets  visit our newsroom: www.carbios.com/newsroom/en/LinkedIn: CARBIOS / Instagram: insidecarbiosInformation on CARBIOS shares:ISIN Code: FR0011648716 Ticker Code: Euronext Growth: ALCRB LEI: 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in CARBIOS in any country.CARBIOS is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.About L’OCCITANE en ProvenceL'OCCITANE en Provence is dedicated to sharing the wonders that nature has to offer. We've been doing just that since 1976  designing and marketing beauty  skincare and well-being products made in France all over the world. We believe that beauty goes beyond what the eye can see. From seed to skin  from respect for the environment to the well-being of our consumers  our approach is holistic. At L'OCCITANE en Provence  we have always been Cultivators of Change. We do our best to create positive change in the world  and we always try to inspire those around us to do the same.For additional information  please contact:CARBIOS PR France PR US PR DACH & UK Melissa Flauraud Iconic Rooney Partners MC Services Press Relations Aurélie AKNIN / Clémence NAIZET Kate L. Barrette Anne-Hennecke melissa.flauraud@carbios.com carbios@iconic.fr kbarrette@rooneyco.com carbios@mc-services.eu +33 (0)6 30 26 50 04 +33 (0)6 68 28 21 78 +1 212 223 0561 +49 (0)211 529 252 22 Benjamin Audebert Relations Investisseurs contact@carbios.com +33 (0)4 73 86 51 76 L’OCCITANE en Provence Patricia Montesinos Public Relations Patricia.montesinos@loccitane.com +33 (0)4 92 70 19 45The translation is provided for information purposes only.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  the French version shall prevail.Disclaimer on forward-looking statements and risk factors:This press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by CARBIOS. CARBIOS operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. CARBIOS draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which CARBIOS operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if CARBIOS’ financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of CARBIOS’ future results or developments. Readers are advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in the Universal registration document filed with the French Market Authority (“AMF”)  as well as in the half-year financial report available free of charge on the Company’s website. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize or others  in no case whatsoever will CARBIOS be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. CARBIOS makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.1 Purified Terephthalic Acid2 Monoethylene Glycol3 Database ecoinvent 3.84 French scenario  taking into account the detour of 50% of PET waste from conventional end-of-life. Virgin PET: 2.53 kg CO2/kg (cradle to gate)5 The Material Circularity Indicator (MCI) is a methodology developed by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation to measure how restorative the material flows are. The MCI gives a value between 0 and 1 where higher values indicate a higher circularity. The MCI value for CARBIOS’ enzymatic recycling is 0.8.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.26,0.24,True,English,"['European circular economy', ""L'OCCITANE"", 'PET bottle', 'enzymatic recycling', 'Provence', 'CARBIOS', 'result', 'new, fully recycled PET resins', 'R&D Packaging Director', 'efficient European recycling sector', 'efficient European value chain', 'sustainable European recycling sector', 'circular PET recycling solution', 'converter Pinard Beauty Pack', ""CARBIOS' enzymatic depolymerization process"", 'efficient recycling sector', 'sustainable packaging solutions', 'sustainable premium packaging', 'Edition Spéciale', 'Carreau du Temple', 'Recent life-cycle analyses3', 'high-quality recycled PET', 'mechanical recycling residues', 'international cosmetics brand', 'European circular economy', 'life cycle analysis', 'CARBIOS’ Stand D02', 'CARBIOS industrial demonstrator', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'recycled PET bottle', 'L’OCCITANE en', ""L'OCCITANE en"", '100% biorecycled transparent bottle', 'CARBIOS’ revolutionary technology', 'CARBIOS biorecycling technology', 'virgin plastic production', 'new milestone', 'European approach', 'enzymatic recycling', 'sustainable materials', 'depolymerization technologies', 'Plant Director', 'conventional recycling', 'transparent PET', 'virgin PET', 'international brands', 'PET circularity', 'petro-sourced PET', 'PET material', 'CARBIOS’ technology', 'key step', 'eco-design commitment', 'biological technologies', 'organic ingredients', 'long-term partner', 'Amande range', ""brands' commitments"", 'trade show', '4-5 June', 'responsible consumption', 'local supply', 'multilayer trays', 'conventional technologies', 'original monomers', 'resulting monomers', 'environmental benefits', 'transport distances', 'local collection', 'similar chains', 'Emmanuel Ladent', 'David Bayard', 'Paolo Coelho', 'same conditions', 'same parameters', 'considerable advantage', 'strong demand', 'same applications', 'Ellen MacArthu', 'PET waste', 'CARBIOS’ booth', ""CARBIOS' innovation"", '100% retail bottles', 'colored bottles', 'production processes', 'fossil-based plastic', 'shower oil', 'first bottle', 'Manosque plant', 'forward-looking industry', 'viable alternative', 'equivalent quality', 'CO 2 emissions', 'Provence', 'forces', 'display', 'LuxePack', '100% post-consumer', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'France', 'Thursday', 'May', 'ALCRB', 'pioneer', 'development', 'industrialization', 'textiles', 'natural', 'collaboration', 'desire', 'transition', 'motion', 'none', 'PTA1', 'MEG', 'Oyonnax', 'specifications', 'LCA', 'needs', 'inspiration', 'example', 'CEO', 'players', 'testament', 'shared', 'Cultivators', 'Change', 'reliance', 'transparency', 'products', 'deployment', '57% reduction', 'tonne']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LAGARDERE-S-A-4668/news/Lagardere-S-A-ELLE-RESIDENCES-IN-MIAMI-The-ELLE-brand-unveils-its-first-ever-real-estate-devel-46865963/,Lagardere S A : ELLE RESIDENCES IN MIAMI – The ELLE brand unveils its first ever real estate development,(marketscreener.com)  ELLE  the leading fashion and lifestyle media brand in the world  will bring Parisian influence to Miami's Edgewater neighborhood by further expanding its influential footprint beyond the pages of its magazines with its first ever resid…,"After the opening of ELLE Hospitality's flagshipMaison ELLE Hotel in Paris and a second location recently in Amsterdam  ELLE's history of placemaking and innovation is again expanding into lifestyle experiences and services.ELLE Residences will be an extension of the experience of the magazine which has supported - since its creation in France in 1945 - millions of women all over the world  in all areas of their daily lives and in their desires. It promises a lifestyle brimming with joie de vivre (""joy of living"")  mirroring the magazine's chic aesthetic and trendsetting influence in the heart of Miami  enhancing Edgewater's bayside location as one of the city's most desirable destinations.Behind this visionary project are Vertical Developments and Urban Network Capital Group (UNCG)  heralding a one-of-a-kind product that unites fashion and real estate  marking a pivotal moment in ELLE's storied history  thanks to a licensing agreement signed with Lagardère Médias News. Rising 25 stories  a collection of 180 residences will be delivered turnkey in the most distinct form that embodies ELLE's Parisian roots. Interiors by The One Atelier  the talent behind real estate projects with many differents brand  will reflect the daring  innovative and inspirational design seen in the pages of ELLE DECOR  emulating its philosophy of creating spaces for life's moments  combining a relaxed  carefree spirit and global consciousness with the elegance of the modern  contemporary dwelling. Seamlessly combining high-touch service and resort-style amenities with the warmth of home  flexible rental capabilities will be offered  granting owners the freedom to make their residences available for short-term use. Priced from the $525 000s  floor plans will range from studios to two-bedrooms  along with penthouses  between 450 to 845 square feet. ELLE Residences Miami will be exclusively represented by Fortune Development Sales.Two expansive floors are dedicated to amenities where beauty abounds. Wellness enthusiasts will enjoy a high-tech gym and outdoor fitness lawn while a luxurious spa will boast steam  sauna and cold plunge and a meditation garden. Dwellers will be encouraged to come together at the gourmet summer kitchen  at the fire pit or to screen a film at the outdoor movie theater. Lush landscape will surround the French Riviera-inspired sundeck with a resort pool and private cabanas. Crowning the tower  a rooftop pool offers arresting panoramic views from sunrise to sunset and a stylish resident-only lounge features an entertainment salon and a listening bar. Uniting highly thoughtful spaces with a striking façade  architecture was led by Behar & Partners.ELLE Residences Miami is a new step in the diversification of the ELLE brand. In addition to the magazines and digital platforms that have made it famous  the brand is also very present in the world of fashion  decoration and lifestyle  through product collections and services  such as cafes  trade fairs  etc.  reaching some 250 million people around the world each month.""ELLE brand's success to date has been thanks to our innovations and we are proud to continue to challenge the status quo  as ELLE enters into a new era with residences. We are thrilled to launch ELLE into the world of real estate development with experienced and renowned partners such as Vertical Developments and Urban Network Capital Group.This new concept of ELLE Residences will present exciting gateways that will allow owners and residents to see the apartment buildings through a new lens and through ELLE's vision"" says Constance Benqué  CEO of ELLE International and Lagardère News.""This groundbreaking residential project will debut a new legacy for ELLE  one of which we are proud to share in the next chapter of this influential brand "" said Fernando de Nuñez y Lugones  CEO of Vertical Developments. ""Our aspiration is not just to build a tower but create an ownership experience that amplifies modernity with the timeless sophistication of ELLE's nearly 80-year history.""""Combining the city's distinctive cultural diversity and dynamism with the brand's eclectic  spirited ethos and contemporary  Parisian allure  ELLE Residences will truly be one of a kind "" said Robert Thorne  CEO of Urban Network Capital Group. "" We are devoted to bringing entirely new and fresh products to every market we set our sights on  and as ELLE's very first residential development  we are thrilled to introduce this concept not only to Miami but to the world.""About Lagardère Group and ELLE brandCreated in 1992  Lagardère group  the owner of the ELLE & ELLE DECORATION brands  is an international group with operations in more than 40 countries worldwide. It employs more than 31 300 people and generated revenue of €8 081 billion in 2023.The Group focuses on three divisions: Lagardère Publishing (Book and e-Publishing  Board Games and Mobile Games)  Lagardère Travel Retail (Travel Essentials  Duty Free & Fashion and Foodservice) and Lagardère News (Paris Match  Le Journal du Dimanche  JDD Magazine  and the ELLE brand license).Lagardère shares are listed on Euronext Paris.Lagardère Group is the owner of the ELLE & ELLE DECORATION brands; ELLE is the world's number one female media brand with 46 ELLE editions around the world and an international network reaching more than 250 million people globally.Lagardère Active Enterprises is the dedicated business unit of the Lagardère Group in charge of the brands' extension programs inside the ELLE International division. In 80 countries  ELLE is a powerhouse brand with a non-media presence that contains more than 200 licensees such as  in the hospitality sector  ELLE Café  ELLE Salon and ELLE Spa licensees.www.lagardere.comwww.elleinternational.comAbout Vertical DevelopmentsVertical Developments is a joint venture between Location3 Investments and Peru-based V&V Group  forming to address evolving consumer and investor needs for high value real estate opportunities. With a portfolio of $1.3 billion and 14 projects distributed in South & Central Florida  their consistent approach to developing unique investment theses  keen understanding of economic cycles  and ability to attract capital make them formidable forward-thinkers in the industry. For more information  visit vertical-developments.com.About Urban Network Capital GroupUrban Network Capital Group is a commercial development company that specializes in creating eco-friendly communities  from single-family homes to townhomes and condo-hotels  in Florida and Texas. The firm is led by CEO Robert Thorne  a developer with over 20 years of real estate experience focused on building family-friendly communities that integrate with their environments. For more information  visit urbannetworkcapital.com.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['first ever real estate development', 'Lagardere S A', 'The ELLE brand', 'ELLE RESIDENCES', 'MIAMI', 'Lagardère Médias News', 'home, flexible rental capabilities', 'Fernando de Nuñez', 'Urban Network Capital Group', 'Lagardère Travel Retail', 'Lagardère News', 'Lagardère Group', 'joie de vivre', 'The One Atelier', 'relaxed, carefree spirit', 'modern, contemporary dwelling', '450 to 845 square feet', 'Fortune Development Sales', 'Two expansive floors', 'outdoor fitness lawn', 'gourmet summer kitchen', 'outdoor movie theater', 'French Riviera-inspired sundeck', 'arresting panoramic views', 'stylish resident-only lounge', 'striking façade', 'distinctive cultural diversity', 'eclectic, spirited ethos', 'first residential development', 'Le Journal du', 'Lagardère Publishing', 'groundbreaking residential project', 'contemporary, Parisian allure', 'real estate projects', 'real estate development', 'many differents brand', 'flagshipMaison ELLE Hotel', 'ELLE DECORATION brands', 'ELLE Residences Miami', 'international group', 'Travel Essentials', 'visionary project', 'Parisian roots', 'second location', 'daily lives', 'chic aesthetic', 'trendsetting influence', 'bayside location', 'desirable destinations', 'Vertical Developments', 'pivotal moment', 'licensing agreement', 'distinct form', 'daring, innovative', 'inspirational design', 'global consciousness', 'high-touch service', 'short-term use', 'floor plans', 'Wellness enthusiasts', 'high-tech gym', 'luxurious spa', 'cold plunge', 'meditation garden', 'fire pit', 'Lush landscape', 'resort pool', 'private cabanas', 'rooftop pool', 'entertainment salon', 'listening bar', 'digital platforms', 'product collections', 'trade fairs', 'status quo', 'exciting gateways', 'apartment buildings', 'Constance Benqué', 'next chapter', 'timeless sophistication', 'Robert Thorne', 'fresh products', 'three divisions', 'Board Games', 'Mobile Games', 'Duty Free', 'influential brand', 'new step', 'new era', 'new lens', 'new legacy', 'ELLE Hospitality', 'ELLE International', 'ELLE bran', 'storied history', '80-year history', 'kind product', 'resort-style amenities', 'thoughtful spaces', '250 million people', 'renowned partners', 'ownership experience', 'Paris Match', 'lifestyle experiences', 'new concept', 'JDD Magazine', '180 residences', '31,300 people', 'opening', 'Amsterdam', 'placemaking', 'innovation', 'services', 'extension', 'creation', 'France', 'millions', 'women', 'world', 'areas', 'desires', 'joy', 'living', 'heart', 'Edgewater', 'city', 'UNCG', 'fashion', '25 stories', 'turnkey', 'Interiors', 'talent', 'pages', 'philosophy', 'moments', 'elegance', 'warmth', 'freedom', 'studios', 'two-bedrooms', 'penthouses', 'beauty', 'steam', 'sauna', 'Dwellers', 'film', 'tower', 'sunrise', 'sunset', 'highly', 'architecture', 'Behar', 'diversification', 'addition', 'magazines', 'cafes', 'success', 'date', 'experienced', 'residents', 'CEO', 'Lugones', 'aspiration', 'modernity', 'dynamism', 'market', 'sights', 'operations', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'Book', 'Foodservice', 'Dimanche']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/press-release-sanofi-completes-acquisition-of-inhibrx-inc-93CH-3463446,Press Release: Sanofi completes acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc. By Investing.com,Press Release: Sanofi completes acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc.,Sanofi (NASDAQ: ) completes acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc.Paris  May 30  2024. Sanofi announced today the completion of its acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc. (Inhibrx). The acquisition adds SAR447537 (formerly INBRX-101) to Sanofi's rare disease pipeline  underscoring the company's commitment to pursuing differentiated and potential best-in-class medicines that build upon our existing strengths and capabilities.SAR447537 is a human recombinant protein that holds the promise of allowing alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (AATD) patients to achieve normalization of serum AAT levels with less frequent (monthly vs. weekly) dosing. AATD is an inherited rare disease characterized by low levels of AAT protein  predominantly affecting the lung with progressive deterioration of the tissue. SAR447537 may help to reduce inflammation and prevent further deterioration of lung function in affected individuals.The former holders of shares of Inhibrx common stock voted to approve the acquisition at a special meeting of stockholders on May 24  2024. Upon the closing of the acquisition  former shareholders of Inhibrx became entitled to receive $30.00 per share in cash  which represents a total equity value of approximately $1.7 billion (on a fully diluted basis)  as well as one contingent value right per share to receive $5.00 upon the achievement of a regulatory milestone.Sanofi completed its acquisition of Inhibrx through the merger of an indirect  wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi with and into Inhibrx  with Inhibrx continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming an indirect  wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi.Prior to the closing of the acquisition  Inhibrx completed the spin-off of Inhibrx Biosciences  Inc. (Inhibrx Biosciences)  distributing 92% of Inhibrx Biosciences's shares to holders of shares of Inhibrx common stock as of May 17  2024. Inhibrx Biosciences  which was a wholly owned subsidiary of Inhibrx prior to the distribution  acquired all of the assets of Inhibrx not related to SAR447537  which include INBRX-109 and INBRX-1061  as well as all Inhibrx employees  pursuant to an internal reorganization. Inhibrx continues to own the remaining 8% of Inhibrix Biosciences following the completion of the transactions. Inhibrx Biosciences began trading on the on May 30  2024  under the ticker INXB and  beginning on May 31  2024  will trade under the ticker INBX.As of May 30  2024  Inhibrx common stock will cease to be traded on the NASDAQ Global Market and will be subsequently deregistered.Lazard (NYSE: ) acted as exclusive financial advisor to Sanofi and Weil  Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as its legal counsel. Centerview Partners LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor to Inhibrx and Paul  Weiss  Rifkind  Wharton and Garrison LLP served as legal counsel.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | + 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizÃ© Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comArnaud DelÃ©pine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words expects  anticipates  believes  intends  estimates  plans and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi's ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.AttachmentPress ReleaseSource: Sanofi - Aventis Groupe,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.02,0.38,0.6,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Investing.com', 'Sanofi', 'acquisition', 'Inhibrx', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'SNY Media RelationsSandrine Guendoul', 'Investor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency', 'total equity value', 'exclusive financial advisor', 'Centerview Partners LLC', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'comArnaud DelÃ©pine', 'human recombinant protein', 'one contingent value', 'future financial results', 'NASDAQ Global Market', 'rare disease pipeline', 'serum AAT levels', 'Inhibrx common stock', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis', 'AAT protein', 'low levels', 'one purpose', 'future performance', 'forward-looking information', 'class medicines', 'existing strengths', 'less frequent', 'affected individuals', 'special meeting', 'former shareholders', 'regulatory milestone', 'surviving corporation', 'internal reorganization', 'Inhibrix Biosciences', 'Manges LLP', 'legal counsel', 'Garrison LLP', 'social responsibility', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'product development', 'similar expressions', 'various risks', 'Inhibrx Biosciences', 'Inhibrx employees', 'AATD) patients', 'progressive deterioration', 'lung function', 'former holders', 'comEvan Berland', 'comVictor Rouault', 'comTimothy Gilbert', 'comAlizÃ© Kaisserian', 'comCorentine Driancourt', 'comFelix Lauscher', 'comTarik Elgoutni', 'comNathalie Pham', 'acquisition', 'Paris', 'May', 'completion', 'SAR447537', 'INBRX', 'commitment', 'differentiated', 'potential', 'capabilities', 'promise', 'normalization', 'weekly', 'dosing', 'tissue', 'inflammation', 'shares', 'stockholders', 'closing', 'cash', 'basis', 'achievement', 'merger', 'subsidiary', 'indirect', 'spin-off', 'distribution', 'assets', 'transactions', 'ticker', 'INXB', 'INBX.', 'Lazard', 'NYSE', 'Weil', 'Gotshal', 'Paul', 'Weiss', 'Rifkind', 'Wharton', 'SanofiWe', 'miracles', 'people', 'lives', 'team', 'world', 'practice', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'alize', 'delepine', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'words', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/The-University-of-Reims-Champagne-Ardenne-URCA-chooses-Eviden-for-its-new-ROMEO-supercomputer-pow-46862674/,The University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne (URCA) chooses Eviden for its new ROMEO supercomputer  powered by NVIDIA  and designed for Grand Est scientific research communities,(marketscreener.com) Press release The University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne chooses Eviden for its new ROMEO supercomputer  powered by NVIDIA  and designed for Grand Est scientific research communities Paris  France - May 30  2024 - Eviden  the leading Atos …,"Press releaseThe University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne (URCA) chooses Eviden for its new ROMEO supercomputer  powered by NVIDIA  and designed for Grand Est scientific research communitiesParis  France - May 30  2024 - Eviden   the leading Atos company in the field of advanced computing  today announces that it has been selected by the University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne (URCA) to supply the university with a new supercomputer for its Regional Computing Center ROMEO  located in Reims. This new equipment  which replaces URCA’s previous supercomputer of the same name  is based on Eviden’s BullSequana XH3000 technology  manufactured in Europe and offering a total capacity of 8 petaflops (i.e. 8 million billion calculations per second). The solution is powered by NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper Superchips and connected by NVIDIA QUANTUM-2 InfiniBand Networking. As part of this project  Eviden's Expertise Center in Performance Programming (CEPP) will support URCA for 5 years  providing expertise in advanced computing (HPC and AI). In maximizing workload efficiency  CEPP accelerates simulation  optimizes performance  and reduces cost to innovation.This global solution will enable URCA to establish HPC research in Reims on a long-term basis  particularly in bioeconomics and environment sciences  and to extend its influence at the national and European level as part of the Grand Est Numérique Intensif (GENI) regional coordination program. In addition to its high level of performance and availability  this supercomputer will be one of the most eco-efficient machines in Europe  thanks to the extensive use of NVIDIA accelerated computing and networking technologies and hot-water cooling of the computing servers and rack  based on Eviden's patented DLC (direct liquid cooling) technology.Bruno Lecointe  Group VP Business HPC AI & Quantum  Eviden  Atos Group  commented: ""We are delighted by the renewed confidence shown by URCA  with whom we have been working for many years. Thanks to this sovereign solution and our CEPP services  which mobilize our best experts in digital simulation  the academic research communities of the Grand Est region will have access to a supercomputer architecture that ranks among the top 500 most powerful in the world  and is one of the most energy efficient.”Christophe Clément  President of URCA  said: ""We are delighted that the researchers and partners of the University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne will have access to such innovative equipment  which will not only meet their needs in terms of HPC  but also the growing demand for artificial intelligence in the Grand Est region  particularly in the fields of bioeconomics and the environment  simulation of the evolution of the universe  modeling of the fundamental structure of matter  and health. We look forward to continuing our long-standing collaboration with Eviden and NVIDIA for the benefit of our researchers  students  and businesses alike”.John Josephakis  Global VP of Sales and Business Development for HPC and Supercomputing at NVIDIA  said: “Accelerated computing is the most energy-efficient method of powering high-performance computing and AI  offering transformative potential for scientific fields. Systems such as ROMEO  based on NVIDIA Grace Hopper and NVIDIA Quantum-2 InfiniBand networking  help propel scientific research by delivering groundbreaking results in less time and using less energy.”A strategic research centerIn just a few years  250 scientific projects have been carried out with the previous Romeo supercomputer in strategic fields such as chemistry  biochemistry  engineering sciences  mathematics  IT  health  and physics. For example  ROMEO has been involved in activities such as the identification of molecules active against COVID-19  the study of the diffusion of atmospheric pollutants in the region  the design of digital twins for the automotive industry  or the production of champagne in connection with plants.Financed within the framework of the CPER by the French government  the Grand Est region  Europe (FEDER funds)  the Greater Reims Urban Community  URCA  its foundation  and associated partners (Troyes University of Technology  AgroParisTech  and Reims University Hospital)  the new ROMEO supercomputer will also be made available to students and will integrate collaborations or industrial services linked to the European projects EUMaster4HPC  Competence-Center-France  and eDIH Grand Est.ConfigurationTHE DLC supercomputer is equipped with 232 NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper Superchips  25 000 CPU cores  NVIDIA Quantum-2 InfiniBand networking and NVIDIA Spectrum 100Gbits EthernetAccelerated partition: 58 quad NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper Superchip compute nodes (232 GPUs)  Linpack power 8 petaflopsCPU partition: 44 bi-socket compute nodes (10 BullSequana x440 servers and 4 BullSequana X430 servers) for a total of 8 448 cores2 8 Po of IBM ESS storage  storage scale and archivingDatacenter: datacenter workProgress contract: CEPP and NVIDIA support###About Eviden1Eviden is a next-generation technology leader specializing in reliable  sustainable  data-driven digital transformation  with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. Its position as a global leader in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms enables it to provide in-depth expertise for all business sectors  in over 47 countries. Bringing together 47 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities offered by data and technology across the digital continuum  today and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with annual sales of around €5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation  with around 95 000 employees and annual sales of around €11 billion. The European leader in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all business sectors in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure  decarbonized digital future for its customers. Atos is an SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.Atos' objective is to help shape the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Throughout the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  as well as members of society as a whole  to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Eviden activities include the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark. Eviden SAS  2024Press contactGlobal: Zohra Dali - globalprteam@atos.netAbout the University of Reims Champagne-ArdenneA multidisciplinary university of education and research  the University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne relies on 4 nationally and internationally recognized strategic clusters of excellence:A multidisciplinary cluster with an international dimension in agro-sciences  environment  biotechnologies and bioeconomy (AEBB)  taking into account  in a region with a strong agricultural and wine-growing economy  the sustainable production of biomass  its transformation by green chemistry and biotechnologies  the ecological transition and climate change  supported by the PIA EXEBIO;A health cluster  with a number of excellent scientific niches and a rich and varied range of medical and paramedical training courses;A digital and engineering sciences cluster (SNI) focusing on high-performance computing  industry 4.0  artificial intelligence  materials and technological transformations;A Human and Social Sciences (SHS) cluster focused on transformation  transition and mutation.The University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne in figures: 27 500 students  over 120 degrees  34 research laboratories including 4 CNRS  1 INSERM  2 INRAE  1 INERIS  1 ANSES  1 CEA  15 technical platforms  2 500 staff including 850 teacher-researchers  5th largest employer in the Champagne-Ardenne region  over €818 million in economic impact  20 000 jobs generated including 10 000 in France  €257 million budget.Press contact:Marie Odette VICTOR  marie-odette.victor@univ-reims.fr   tél. : +33 675 65 00 32Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Grand Est scientific research communities', 'new ROMEO supercomputer', 'The University', 'Reims Champagne-Ardenne', 'URCA', 'Eviden', 'NVIDIA', '58 quad NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper Superchip compute nodes', 'NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper Superchips', 'Grand Est Numérique Intensif', 'Linpack power 8 petaflops CPU partition', 'Grand Est scientific research communities', 'eDIH Grand Est. Configuration', 'GENI) regional coordination program', 'NVIDIA Spectrum 100Gbits Ethernet', 'next-generation technology leader specia', 'NVIDIA QUANTUM-2 InfiniBand Networking', 'Group VP Business HPC AI', 'Greater Reims Urban Community', 'direct liquid cooling) technology', '44 bi-socket compute nodes', 'NVIDIA Grace Hopper', 'Grand Est region', 'academic research communities', 'BullSequana XH3000 technology', '8 million billion calculations', 'Christophe Clément', 'leading Atos company', '4 BullSequana X430 servers', 'IBM ESS storage', 'Regional Computing Center', 'strategic research center', 'NVIDIA accelerated computing', 'THE DLC supercomputer', 'new ROMEO supercomputer', 'previous Romeo supercomputer', 'Reims University Hospital', 'Atos Group', 'Accelerated partition', 'networking technologies', 'Global VP', 'Business Development', 'NVIDIA support', 'HPC research', 'hot-water cooling', '25,000 CPU cores', 'new supercomputer', 'previous supercomputer', 'computing servers', '250 scientific projects', 'new equipment', 'patented DLC', 'storage scale', 'scientific fields', 'supercomputer architecture', 'advanced computing', 'high-performance computing', 'The University', 'strategic fields', 'Expertise Center', 'Reims Champagne-Ardenne', 'Press release', 'same name', 'workload efficiency', 'long-term basis', 'European level', 'high level', 'eco-efficient machines', 'extensive use', 'Bruno Lecointe', 'best experts', 'innovative equipment', 'growing demand', 'artificial intelligence', 'fundamental structure', 'long-standing collaboration', 'John Josephakis', 'energy-efficient method', 'transformative potential', 'groundbreaking results', 'less time', 'less energy', 'engineering sciences', 'atmospheric pollutants', 'digital twins', 'automotive industry', 'French government', 'FEDER funds', 'industrial services', 'European projects', 'archiving Datacenter', 'datacenter work', 'Progress contract', 'global solution', 'sovereign solution', 'Troyes University', 'total capacity', 'environment sciences', 'Performance Programming', 'many years', 'digital simulation', 'CEPP services', '8,448 cores', '5 years', 'URCA', 'Eviden', 'Paris', 'France', 'May', 'second', 'cost', 'innovation', 'bioeconomics', 'influence', 'national', 'addition', 'availability', 'rack', 'confidence', 'access', 'world', 'President', 'researchers', 'partners', 'needs', 'terms', 'evolution', 'universe', 'matter', 'health', 'benefit', 'students', 'businesses', 'Sales', 'Supercomputing', 'Systems', 'chemistry', 'mathematics', 'physics', 'example', 'activities', 'identification', 'molecules', 'COVID', 'study', 'diffusion', 'design', 'production', 'connection', 'plants', 'framework', 'CPER', 'foundation', 'associated', 'collaborations', 'EUMaster4HPC', '232 GPUs', '2,8 Po']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Sanofi-completes-acquisition-of-Inhibrx-Inc-46864862/,Press Release: Sanofi completes acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc.,(marketscreener.com) Sanofi completes acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc. Paris  May 30  2024. Sanofi announced today the completion of its acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc. . The acquisition adds SAR447537 to Sanofi’s rare disease pipeline  underscoring the company’s co…,Sanofi completes acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc.Paris  May 30  2024. Sanofi announced today the completion of its acquisition of Inhibrx  Inc. (“Inhibrx”). The acquisition adds SAR447537 (formerly INBRX-101) to Sanofi’s rare disease pipeline  underscoring the company’s commitment to pursuing differentiated and potential best-in-class medicines that build upon our existing strengths and capabilities.SAR447537 is a human recombinant protein that holds the promise of allowing alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (AATD) patients to achieve normalization of serum AAT levels with less frequent (monthly vs. weekly) dosing. AATD is an inherited rare disease characterized by low levels of AAT protein  predominantly affecting the lung with progressive deterioration of the tissue. SAR447537 may help to reduce inflammation and prevent further deterioration of lung function in affected individuals.The former holders of shares of Inhibrx common stock voted to approve the acquisition at a special meeting of stockholders on May 24  2024. Upon the closing of the acquisition  former shareholders of Inhibrx became entitled to receive $30.00 per share in cash  which represents a total equity value of approximately $1.7 billion (on a fully diluted basis)  as well as one contingent value right per share to receive $5.00 upon the achievement of a regulatory milestone.Sanofi completed its acquisition of Inhibrx through the merger of an indirect  wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi with and into Inhibrx  with Inhibrx continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming an indirect  wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi.Prior to the closing of the acquisition  Inhibrx completed the spin-off of Inhibrx Biosciences  Inc. (“Inhibrx Biosciences”)  distributing 92% of Inhibrx Biosciences’s shares to holders of shares of Inhibrx common stock as of May 17  2024. Inhibrx Biosciences  which was a wholly owned subsidiary of Inhibrx prior to the distribution  acquired all of the assets of Inhibrx not related to SAR447537  which include INBRX-109 and INBRX-1061  as well as all Inhibrx employees  pursuant to an internal reorganization. Inhibrx continues to own the remaining 8% of Inhibrix Biosciences following the completion of the transactions. Inhibrx Biosciences began trading on the NASDAQ Global Market on May 30  2024  under the ticker “INXB” and  beginning on May 31  2024  will trade under the ticker “INBX”.As of May 30  2024  Inhibrx common stock will cease to be traded on the NASDAQ Global Market and will be subsequently deregistered.Lazard acted as exclusive financial advisor to Sanofi and Weil  Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as its legal counsel. Centerview Partners LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor to Inhibrx and Paul  Weiss  Rifkind  Wharton and Garrison LLP served as legal counsel.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | + 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Sanofi', 'acquisition', 'Inhibrx', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency', 'total equity value', 'exclusive financial advisor', 'Centerview Partners LLC', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'NASDAQ Global Market', 'human recombinant protein', 'one contingent value', 'SNY Media Relations', 'future financial results', 'rare disease pipeline', 'serum AAT levels', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'Inhibrx common stock', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'AAT protein', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'low levels', 'one purpose', 'Investor Relations', 'future performance', 'forward-looking information', 'class medicines', 'existing strengths', 'less frequent', 'affected individuals', 'special meeting', 'former shareholders', 'regulatory milestone', 'surviving corporation', 'internal reorganization', 'Inhibrix Biosciences', 'Manges LLP', 'legal counsel', 'Garrison LLP', 'social responsibility', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'product development', 'similar expressions', 'various risks', 'Inhibrx Biosciences', 'Inhibrx employees', 'AATD) patients', 'progressive deterioration', 'lung function', 'former holders', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'Victor Rouault', 'Timothy Gilbert', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Nathalie Pham', 'acquisition', 'Paris', 'May', 'completion', 'SAR447537', 'INBRX', 'commitment', 'differentiated', 'potential', 'capabilities', 'promise', 'normalization', 'weekly', 'dosing', 'tissue', 'inflammation', 'shares', 'stockholders', 'closing', 'cash', 'basis', 'achievement', 'merger', 'subsidiary', 'indirect', 'spin-off', 'distribution', 'assets', 'transactions', 'ticker', 'INXB', 'INBX', 'Lazard', 'Weil', 'Gotshal', 'Paul', 'Weiss', 'Rifkind', 'Wharton', 'miracles', 'people', 'lives', 'team', 'world', 'practice', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'alize', 'delepine', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/Eurofins-Scientific-Managers-transactions-Director-PDMR-Shareholding-46865703/,Eurofins Scientific : Managers' transactions Director/PDMR Shareholding,(marketscreener.com)   NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES   AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM   1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely a…,NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIESAND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associateda) Name1 Gabriel JULIA2. Reason for the notificationa) Position / status2 Group Senior Vice PresidentInitial notification / amendment 3Initial3. Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E. b) LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S574. Details of the transaction(s)section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each placewhere transactions have been conductedDescription of the financialinstrument  type of instrument 6 Share Identification code7 ISIN: FR0014000MR3 b) Nature of the transaction8 Acquisition of shares 1 000 Transaction not linked to the Eurofins stock option / free share / warrants program c) Price(s) and volume(s)9 Price(s) Volume(s) EUR 55.41 EUR 55 410 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume10 EUR 55 410 - Price11 EUR 55.41 e) Date of the transaction12 2024-05-29 f) Place of the transaction13 Euronext ParisDate and signature_______________________________For natural persons: the first name and the last name(s). For legal persons: full name including legal form as provided for in the register where it is incorporated  if applicable. For persons discharging managerial responsibilities: the position occupied within the issuer  emission allowances market participant/auction platform/auctioneer/auction monitor should be indicated  e.g. CEO  CFO.For persons closely associated:- an indication that the notification concerns a person closely associated with a person discharging managerial responsibilities - the name and position of the relevant person discharging managerial responsibilities. Indication that this is an initial notification or an amendment to prior notifications. In case of amendment  explain the error that this notification is amending.4Full name of the entity.in accordance with ISO 17442 LEI code.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"[""Managers' transactions Director"", 'Eurofins Scientific', 'PDMR Shareholding', 'status2 Group Senior Vice President', 'Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E', 'Share Identification code7 ISIN', 'emission allowance market participant', 'PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'Eurofins stock option', 'transaction13 Euronext Paris', 'market participant/auction platform', 'ISO 17442 LEI code', 'free share', 'Price(s', 'emission allowances', 'Volume(s', 'PUBLIC DISCLOSURE', 'Gabriel JULIA', 'auction monitor', 'LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S57', 'Aggregated information', 'Aggregated volume10', 'legal form', 'prior notifications', 'natural persons', 'legal persons', 'first name', 'last name', 'full name', 'financial instrument', 'relevant person', 'Initial notification', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'Details', 'Name1', 'Reason', 'Position', 'amendment', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'transaction8', 'Acquisition', 'shares', '1,000 Transaction', 'warrants', 'Price11', 'transaction12', 'register', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'indication', 'case', 'error', 'entity', 'accordance', '2.']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://wwd.com/business-news/financial/golden-goose-confirms-ipo-milan-1236406125/,Golden Goose Confirms IPO in Milan,The Italian company is aiming at issuing 100 million euros worth of primary shares.,MILAN — After months of speculation  Golden Goose confirmed on Thursday it will launch an initial public offering on the Euronext Milan stock exchange  aiming at issuing 100 million euros worth of primary shares.The goal is to strengthen the group’s capital structure and to reduce the company’s debt.“While the fashion world is all about product desirability  consumers want to create a deeper connection with brands through shared values and culture ” said chief executive officer Silvio Campara. “At Golden  we have built a brand that people love and are loyal to  and that has delivered strong  profitable growth with a purpose. The brand’s mission is to unleash self-expression through authenticity and uniqueness. We keep true to this through co-creation  where people can be part of the creative process together with our artisans  the Dream Makers. Our community-centered approach  combined with our iconic and high-quality products  is at the heart of how we interact with our diverse  engaged global community.”Permira bought the Italian brand for 1.28 billion euros in 2020.“Golden Goose is a category-shaping luxury company built to resonate with the new generation of luxury consumers ” said Francesco Pascalizi  head of Permira Italy. “Since our initial investment in 2020  the company has consistently delivered  building on its track record of strong  resilient and profitable growth. Its committed and visionary leadership team have taken the business from strength to strength over the last four years  consistently outperforming the market. We are excited to be on this journey with them as they realize their growth strategy and launch a landmark IPO in Milan.”It is expected that the listing will take place in June  subject to required regulatory approvals and market conditions.,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Golden Goose', 'IPO', 'Milan', 'chief executive officer Silvio Campara', 'diverse, engaged global community', 'Euronext Milan stock exchange', 'visionary leadership team', 'last four years', 'initial public offering', '100 million euros worth', 'strong, profitable growth', 'category-shaping luxury company', '1.28 billion euros', 'initial investment', 'strong, resilient', 'growth strategy', 'primary shares', 'capital structure', 'fashion world', 'product desirability', 'deeper connection', 'creative process', 'Dream Makers', 'community-centered approach', 'high-quality products', 'new generation', 'luxury consumers', 'Francesco Pascalizi', 'track record', 'landmark IPO', 'regulatory approvals', 'Golden Goose', 'Permira Italy', 'market conditions', 'Italian brand', 'months', 'speculation', 'Thursday', 'goal', 'group', 'debt', 'brands', 'values', 'culture', 'people', 'purpose', 'mission', 'self-expression', 'authenticity', 'uniqueness', 'creation', 'part', 'artisans', 'iconic', 'heart', 'head', 'committed', 'business', 'strength', 'journey', 'listing', 'place', 'June']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,wwd.com
41951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/galapagos-and-adaptimmune-sign-clinical-collaboration-agreement-with-an-option-to-exclusively-license-adaptimmunes-tcr-tcell-therapy-candidate-uzacel-in-head--neck-cancer-and-potential-future-93CH-3464254,Galapagos and Adaptimmune sign clinical collaboration agreement with an option to exclusively license Adaptimmune's TCR T-cell therapy candidate  uza-cel  in head & neck cancer and potential future By,Galapagos and Adaptimmune sign clinical collaboration agreement with an option to exclusively license Adaptimmune's TCR T-cell therapy candidate  uza-cel  in head & neck cancer and potential future,Adaptimmune and Galapagos (NASDAQ: ) to conduct clinical proof-of-concept trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of uza-cel (next generation MAGE-A4 TCR T-cell therapy) produced on Galapagos' decentralized manufacturing platform in patients with head & neck cancerUza-cel has shown encouraging results in head & neck cancer with partial responses in four out of five patients to date in a Phase 1 trial using Adaptimmune's centralized manufacturing platformInitial in vitro testing of uza-cel produced on Galapagos' decentralized manufacturing platform has shown encouraging data that support further clinical developmentAdaptimmune to receive initial payments of $100 million  comprising $70 million upfront and $30 million of R&D funding  option exercise fees of up to $100 million  additional development and sales milestone payments of up to a maximum of $465 million  plus tiered royalties on net salesGalapagos has been granted an option to exclusively license uza-cel for global development and commercialization in head & neck cancer  and potential future solid tumor cancer indicationsMechelen  Belgium and Philadelphia  PA  U.S. and Oxford  UK; 30 May 2024 22:01 CET; regulated information “ inside information “ Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) and Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (Nasdaq: NASDAQ: ) announced today that they have entered into a clinical collaboration agreement with an option to exclusively license Adaptimmune's next-generation TCR T-cell therapy (uza-cel) targeting MAGE-A4 for head & neck cancer and potential future solid tumor indications  using Galapagos' decentralized cell manufacturing platform.Uza-cel is a next-generation clinical-stage engineered TCR T-cell therapy developed by Adaptimmune  targeting the MAGE-A4 cancer antigen expressed in various solid tumors. Uza-cel is engineered to express the CD8Î± co-receptor alongside the engineered TCR that targets MAGE-A4. Data indicate that co-expression of CD8Î± may broaden and increase the immune response against solid tumors.1The Adaptimmune sponsored Phase 1 SURPASS trial with centrally manufactured uza-cel has shown encouraging results in head & neck cancer with an overall response rate of 80%. Initial in vitro results suggest that uza-cel  produced on Galapagos' decentralized manufacturing platform  yields early phenotype T-cells that could improve efficacy and durability compared to uza-cel centrally manufactured on Adaptimmune's platform.2 In addition  Galapagos' decentralized manufacturing platform offers the potential for the delivery of fresh  fit cells with a vein-to-vein time of seven days in a patient population in which rapid access to treatment is vital.Dr. Paul Stoffels3  Galapagos' Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We are excited to partner with Adaptimmune  a pioneer in TCR T-cell therapy  as this fully aligns with our strategic vision to advance novel cell therapies. This collaboration enables us to expand our oncology cell therapy portfolio to include treatments for solid tumors and next-generation therapies  leveraging our innovative  decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform. For patients with head & neck cancer  an area with significant unmet medical needs  this collaboration offers the promise for faster access to a potentially transformative treatment.Adrian Rawcliffe  Adaptimmune's Chief Executive Officer: Data with uza-cel from our Phase 1 SURPASS trial has demonstrated compelling early results in ovarian  bladder  and head & neck cancers. In head & neck cancer  we have seen reductions in target lesions across all five patients treated to date  and there have been four confirmed partial responses. Combining uza-cel with Galapagos' unique decentralized manufacturing platform is a natural synergy and has the potential to deliver an even more effective TCR T-cell therapy for people with critical late-stage cancers.Under the terms of the agreement  Adaptimmune will receive an upfront exclusivity payment of $70 million  plus $15 million in R&D funding at signing. A further $15 million in R&D funding will follow subject to the start of dosing in the proof-of-concept trial. Adaptimmune will be responsible for the clinical proof-of-concept trial in head & neck cancer and the supply of the vector for the manufacturing of uza-cel. Galapagos will be responsible for the delivery of fresh uza-cel product for the head & neck cancer proof-of-concept trial using its innovative  decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform.Adaptimmune will retain the right to develop  manufacture  commercialize  and otherwise exploit uza-cel for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer (currently being developed in the SURPASS-3 trial).Following completion of the proof-of-concept trial  Galapagos has an exclusive option to license global rights to uza-cel for a maximum of $100 million  depending on the number of indications in relation to which the option is exercised. In addition  Adaptimmune is eligible to receive development  regulatory and sales milestone payments of up $465 million  unless the agreement is terminated  and tiered royalties on net sales in the mid-single to low-double digit range.About Galapagos' T-cell manufacturing platformGalapagos' decentralized  innovative T-cell manufacturing platform has the potential for the administration of fresh  fit cells within a median vein-to-vein time of seven days  greater physician control and improved patient experience. The platform consists of an end-to-end xCellit™ workflow management and monitoring software system  a decentralized  functionally closed  automated manufacturing platform for cell therapies (using Lonza's Cocoon ®) and a proprietary quality control testing and release strategy.About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the US dedicated to developing transformational medicines for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules  CAR-T therapies  and biologics in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees and shareholders. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X (formerly Twitter) .About AdaptimmuneAdaptimmune is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on designing  developing  and delivering cell therapies to transform the lives of people with cancer. The Company's unique engineered T-cell receptor (TCR) platform enables the engineering of T-cells to target and destroy cancers across multiple solid tumor types.For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.comJennifer Wilson+ 44 7444 896759media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Sofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143ir@glpg.comSandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (market abuse regulation).Forward-looking statementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate  expect  plan  estimate  will  continue  aim  intend  future  potential  could  indicate  forward  as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding Galapagos' collaboration with Adaptimmune  including timing for the proof-of concept trial and payments under the collaboration agreement  including milestone and royalty payments  the potential benefits of Adaptimmune's TCR-T therapy  uza-cel  and the potential benefits of Galapagos' decentralized T-cell manufacturing platform. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause Galapagos' actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and  therefore  the reader should not place undue reliance on them. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that Galapagos' expectations regarding the collaboration with Adaptimmune  including the potential benefits of such collaboration may be incorrect  the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trials and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements  Galapagos' reliance on collaborations with third parties (including its collaboration partners Adaptimmune and Lonza)  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in Galapagos' Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its subsequent filings with the SEC. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and speak only as of the date hereof  and Galapagos makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events  circumstances or changes in expectations  unless required by law or regulation.1 Poster presentation ESMO 2021: Safety and efficacy from the SURPASS trial with ADP-A2M4CD8  a SPEAR T-cell therapy incorporating a CD8Î± co-receptor and an affinity optimized TCR targeting MAGE-A4  Annals of Oncology  vol. 32  suppl. 5  pp. S604-S605. Poster presentation SITC 2021: Enhancement of TCR-engineered T-cells targeting MAGE-A4 antigen by co-expression of CD8Î± and inhibition of AKT signaling during ex vivo T-cell expansion. SITC Annual Meeting. Nov. 10-14  2021. Washington  DC and virtual. Emily Schmidt  PhD  et al.2 Data on file3 Throughout this press release  ˜Dr. Paul Stoffels' should be read as ˜Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV'Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.43,0.38,0.2,True,English,"['TCR T-cell therapy candidate', 'clinical collaboration agreement', 'neck cancer', 'Galapagos', 'Adaptimmune', 'option', 'head', 'future', 'innovative, decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform', 'potential future solid tumor cancer indications', 'potential future solid tumor indications', ""Galapagos' decentralized cell manufacturing platform"", 'oncology cell therapy portfolio', 'unique decentralized manufacturing platform', 'significant unmet medical needs', ""Galapagos' decentralized manufacturing platform"", 'Initial in vitro testing', 'effective TCR T-cell therapy', 'Initial in vitro results', 'next-generation TCR T-cell therapy', 'MAGE-A4 TCR T-cell therapy', ""Galapagos' Chief Executive Officer"", 'four confirmed partial responses', 'novel cell therapies', 'R&D funding', 'next-generation clinical-stage engineered', 'early phenotype T-cells', 'fresh, fit cells', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'upfront exclusivity payment', 'various solid tumors', 'compelling early results', 'overall response rate', 'critical late-stage cancers', 'sales milestone payments', 'MAGE-A4 cancer antigen', 'platinum-resistant ovarian cancer', 'Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc', 'fresh uza-cel product', 'Phase 1 SURPASS trial', 'neck cancer proof', 'initial payments', 'clinical collaboration agreement', 'next-generation therapies', 'encouraging results', 'net sales', 'Galapagos NV', 'neck cancers', 'immune response', 'clinical development', 'clinical proof', 'next generation', 'Phase 1 trial', 'additional development', 'tiered royalties', 'global development', 'U.S.', 'seven days', 'patient population', 'rapid access', 'strategic vision', 'faster access', 'Adrian Rawcliffe', 'target lesions', 'natural synergy', 'SURPASS-3 trial', 'global rights', 'concept trial', 'five patients', 'vein time', 'transformative treatment', 'encouraging data', 'The Adaptimmune', 'exclusive option', 'NASDAQ', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'head', 'date', 'fees', 'maximum', 'commercialization', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'Philadelphia', 'Oxford', 'UK', '30 May', 'information', 'Euronext', 'GLPG', 'CD8Î±', 'receptor', 'expression', 'durability', 'delivery', 'Chairman', 'pioneer', 'treatments', 'area', 'promise', 'bladder', 'reductions', 'people', 'terms', 'signing', 'start', 'dosing', 'supply', 'vector', 'completion', 'number', 'relation', 'regulatory']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,investing.com
41952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOPAK-6452/news/AltaGas-and-Vopak-reach-positive-final-investment-decision-on-Ridley-Island-Energy-Export-Facility-46857842/,AltaGas and Vopak reach positive final investment decision on Ridley Island Energy Export Facility,(marketscreener.com) AltaGas and Vopak reach positive final investment decision on Ridley Island Energy Export Facility World class export facility will strengthen Canada’s position as a growing global energy exporter Calgary and Prince Rupert  Canada; Rotter…,AltaGas and Vopak reach positive final investment decision on Ridley Island Energy Export FacilityWorld class export facility will strengthen Canada’s position as a growing global energy exporterCalgary and Prince Rupert  Canada; Rotterdam  The Netherlands29 May 2023 – 6:30pm Mountain Standard Time / 30 May 2023 – 3:30 Central European Time. All figures contained in the press release are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated.AltaGas Ltd. (“AltaGas”) (TSX: ALA) and Royal Vopak (“Vopak”) (XAMS: VPK) (together the “Joint Venture”  “Partners” or “Partnership”) are pleased to announce a positive final investment decision (FID) on the Ridley Island Energy Export Facility (REEF)  a large-scale liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) and bulk liquids terminal with rail  logistics and marine infrastructure on Ridley Island  British Columbia  Canada. Following a five-year environmental preparation and review process  extensive engagement with multiple stakeholders including Indigenous rights holders and local communities  the Joint Venture is set to deliver a world class export facility that will operate with industry-leading environmental stewardship.KEY HIGHLIGHTSThe Joint Venture has completed all major gating items  including front-end engineering design (FEED) and a detailed Class III capital estimate.Site clearing work is more than 95 percent complete and with required permits in hand  the project is expected to come online near 2026 year-end.Projected gross Joint Venture capital cost of $1.35 billion  excluding governmental incentives and support  with annual Partnership EBITDA of $185 million - $215 million are in-line with the Partners’ expectations.Onsite work will be minimized to reduce capital cost risk and community impacts  with 90 percent of equipment  packaging and pipes expected to be prefabricated offsite in controlled operating environments.The Joint Venture expects to lock-in more than 60 percent of the Phase 1 capital costs through fixed-price  lump-sum engineering  procurement and fabrication contracts prior to construction.Vopak and AltaGas expect to fund their 50 percent pro-rata ownership through each company’s respective financial capacity with no leverage at the Partnership level.REEF will enhance Canada’s role as a growing global energy exporter  strengthen Canadian and Asia Pacific energy connectivity and provide Canadian producers and aggregators with access to the premium global markets for LPGs.With only ten shipping days to the fastest growing demand markets in Northeast Asia  REEF has a structural advantage in delivering LPGs to Asia with the shortest shipping time globally.The project has First Nations support agreements in place and will drive further economic benefits to local communities in Northwestern B.C. through construction activities  long-term job creation and community investment focused on delivering positive outcomes for all stakeholders.REEF will be constructed and operate under AltaGas and Vopak’s existing exclusive rights granted by the Prince Rupert Port Authority (PRPA) to develop LPG  methanol and other bulk liquids exports on Ridley Island.“This positive FID enables AltaGas to continue connecting Canadian energy to Asian markets and drive valuable outcomes for all our customers ” said Vern Yu  President and CEO of AltaGas. “Canada has a structural advantage in delivering LPGs to Asia with the shortest shipping time and lowest maritime emissions footprint. AltaGas delivers more than 19 percent of Japan’s propane and 13 percent of South Korea’s LPG imports  connecting our upstream customers with customers in Asia. We look forward to working with our partners to drive more long-term value creation with REEF.”“We are excited to be able to execute on our growth strategy and invest in export infrastructure on this highly strategic location” said Dick Richelle  Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of Royal Vopak. “Prince Rupert  with the shortest shipping distances between North America and Asia  gives the opportunity to drive progress by increasing the trade between Canada and the Asia Pacific region. We are proud to contribute to this development and are thankful for the good collaboration with our partner AltaGas and other key stakeholders. The trust and support of local First Nations and communities makes this envisioned terminal a reality.”Capital Cost  Economics  Funding and Delivery ScheduleProjected gross capital cost of $1.35 billion  excluding governmental incentives and support  and annual Partnership EBITDA of $185 million - $215 million are in-line with the Joint Venture’s expectations. Vopak and AltaGas are expected to fund their pro-rata 50 percent ownership through each organization’s respective financial capacity with no leverage at the Partnership level.The capital cost breakdown of Phase 1 includes approximately $875 million for construction of the facility  balance of the plant and LPG storage tanks and $475 million for construction of the new dedicated jetty and extensive rail and logistics infrastructure. The infrastructure includes additional redundancies to provide operational flexibility that benefits the Joint Venture and customers over the long term.AltaGas will minimize onsite work to reduce capital cost risk  with approximately 90 percent of equipment  packaging and pipes being prefabricated offsite in controlled operating environments. In addition  AltaGas expects to lock-in more than 60 percent of the Phase 1 estimated capital cost through fixed-price  lump-sum engineering  procurement and construction contracts  prior to the start of construction of individual phases.The bulk of REEF’s construction activities are planned to take place over 2025 and 2026 with select workstreams beginning in 2024. This includes plans for the Partners to incur approximately $200 million of incremental gross capital expenditures in 2024. As part of the positive FID  AltaGas is increasing its 2024 capital expenditure guidance from $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. AltaGas maintains a disciplined approach to capital allocation and plans to fund its portion of the project using internally generated cash flows and its annual investment capacity. During construction  AltaGas will leverage the benefit of operating a diversified platform by adjusting capital spending across other parts of the business to ensure the company is balancing its three long-term objectives of financial strength and flexibility  continued organic growth  and long-term dividend growth.Vopak’s disciplined capital allocation policy is driving value through accretive growth investments that will deliver attractive operating cash return. Vopak’s growth capex guidance for FY 2024 remains unchanged. The long-term commitment to invest EUR 1 billion to grow in industrial and gas by 2030 and EUR 1 billion to accelerate towards new energies by 2030 remains unchanged. Vopak plans to fund its portion of the project using the strong balance sheet position. The efficient use of the capital structure will further support cash flow generation at Vopak level.REEF has strong community support following extensive stakeholder engagementVopak and AltaGas have been working closely with First Nations rights holders and key stakeholders  including the local communities in Northwestern British Columbia  as well as the PRPA  and Federal and Provincial regulators for more than five years to deliver a project that will operate with industry-leading environmental and community stewardship. AltaGas and Vopak have developed strong relationships with local Indigenous communities through its existing operations  where the partners have worked collaboratively on economic and social development opportunities  including skills training  emergency response preparedness and other community-identified priorities. REEF will drive strong economic benefits to these local communities in the region through construction activities  long-term job creation  and community investment targeted at driving positive economic outcomes across all stakeholders.Vopak Conference CallVopak will host an analysts’ presentation with Vopak’s CFO  Michiel Gilsing via an on-demand audio webcast on Vopak’s corporate website  details as follows:Date: 30 May 2024Time: 08:30 CESTWebcast Link: https://channel.royalcast.com/vopakinvestors/#!/vopakinvestors/20240530_1APPENDIX:Project OverviewREEF will be developed on a 190-acre (77 hectare) site adjacent to AltaGas and Vopak’s existing Ridley Island Propane Export Terminal (RIPET)  on lands administered by the Port of Prince Rupert (PRPA) for which the Joint Venture has executed a long-term lease. REEF has been granted the key Federal and Provincial permits to construct storage tanks  a new dedicated jetty  rail and other infrastructure required to operate a state-of-the-art facility.The project will have the capability to facilitate the export of LPGs  methanol and other bulk liquids that are vital for everyday life. The project will be developed and brought online in phases. This approach will provide the most capital efficient buildout of the project  match energy export supply with throughput capacity  mitigate impacts on local communities and provide local construction and employment opportunities that will extend over longer time horizons.Phase 1 will include approximately 55 000 barrels a day of initial LPG export capacity  including propane and butane  600 000 barrels of LPG storage (95 thousand cbm equivalent)  a new dedicated multi-product jetty  and extensive rail and logistics infrastructure. The infrastructure will include 10 dual sided rail offloading slots and 25 kilometers of multi-track infrastructure that is unit-train capable and will provide flexibility to overcome congestion and outages. More than 80 percent of Phase 1 capital investments will be able to be leveraged in future REEF phases  providing capital efficient buildout of subsequent expansions. The REEF project design has multiple additional advantages compared to other recent large energy infrastructure projects in Canada  including being a single site and operating jurisdiction  having all major regulatory approvals in place  utilizing proven technologies and being aligned with the Partners’ core competencies.As disclosed in the first quarter of 2024  AltaGas has made considerable contracting progress across its global exports’ platform  including tolling levels increasing to 56 percent starting in the second quarter of 2024. AltaGas is in active negotiations with several long-term counterparties  which would move the company to its long-term tolling target of 60 percent of total export volumes  for the beginning of the 2027 natural gas liquids (NGL) year  starting on April 1.REEF will be constructed under the Joint Venture’s exclusive rights for LPG exports on Ridley IslandREEF will be constructed and operate under AltaGas and Vopak’s existing exclusive rights granted by the PRPA to develop LPG  methanol and other bulk liquids exports on Ridley Island. The provision of these exclusive rights was important to ensure the certainty needed to advance large capital projects through long and fulsome development periods and ensure developers advance projects with comprehensive environmental and community stewardship.REEF will have optionality for alternative fuelsIn subsequent phases  the Joint Venture will have the option to progress evaluation work on fuels of the future  such as hydrogen  which has growing customer interest in Asia  particularly Japan and South Korea. The Joint Venture has strong core competencies in this area with Vopak offering one of the preeminent third-party hydrogen storage platforms globally  with multiple terminals in operation across several countries. Through this deep experience  the Partners will consider participation in hydrogen exports from Canada with evaluation work expected to be done methodically with a critical emphasis on safety and stewardship.REEF benefits from structural west coast advantage to Asian marketsWith only 10 shipping days to the fastest growing demand markets in Northeast Asia  REEF will be able to efficiently connect Canada's vital energy products to the world. This includes having an approximate 60 percent base time savings over the U.S. Gulf Coast  which requires a minimum 25-day shipping time to Northeast Asia  and approximately 45 percent base time savings over the Arabian Gulf  which requires a minimum 18-day shipping time. This geographic advantage expands when there is significant congestion in the Panama Canal  as has recently been experienced or when other global shipping pinch points experience disruptions.AltaGas and Vopak are pleased to move forward with REEF. The REEF project advances Canada’s growing role in connecting Canadian energy  vital to everyday life  to global markets. We are thankful to all stakeholders for their continued support and ongoing partnership.About AltaGasAltaGas is a leading North American infrastructure company that connects customers and markets to affordable and reliable sources of energy. The Company operates a diversified  lower-risk  high-growth Energy Infrastructure business that is focused on delivering resilient and durable value for its stakeholders.From wellhead to tidewater  AltaGas’ Midstream business is focused on providing its customers with safe and reliable service and connectivity that facilitates the best outcomes for their businesses. This includes global market access for North American LPGs  which provides North American producers and aggregators with the best netbacks for LPGs while delivering diversity of supply and stronger energy security to its downstream customers in Asia.Throughout AltaGas’ operations  the company is playing a vital role within the larger energy ecosystem that keeps the global economy moving forward and is powering the possible within our society  and in a safe  reliable  and affordable manner. For more information  please visit www.altagas.ca .About Royal VopakRoyal Vopak helps the world flow forward. At ports around the world  we provide storage and infrastructure solutions for vital products that enrich everyday life. These products include liquids and gases that provide energy for homes and businesses  chemicals for manufacturing products  and edible oils for cooking. For all of these  our worldwide network of terminals supports the global flow of supply and demand. For more than 400 years  Vopak has been at the forefront of fundamental transformations. With a focus on safety  reliability  and efficiency  we create new connections and opportunities that drive progress. Now more than ever  our talented people are applying this mindset to support the energy transition. Together with our partners and customers  we are accelerating the development of infrastructure solutions for hydrogen  ammonia  CO₂  long-duration energy storage  and low-carbon fuels & feedstocks – paving the way to a more sustainable future. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.com .For more information please contact:AltaGas:Analysts and Investors: Jon Morrison   Senior Vice President  Corporate Development and Investor Relations (Jon.Morrison@altagas.ca) or Aaron Swanson   Vice President  Investor Relations (Aaron.Swanson@altagas.ca)  Senior Vice President  Corporate Development and Investor Relations (Jon.Morrison@altagas.ca) or   Vice President  Investor Relations (Aaron.Swanson@altagas.ca) Media Inquiries: Bryn Lukowiak  Senior Communications Advisor (media.relations@altagas.ca).Vopak:Analysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations (investor.relations@vopak.com)- Head of Investor Relations (investor.relations@vopak.com) Press: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication (global.communication@vopak.com)Attachments,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Ridley Island Energy Export Facility', 'positive final investment decision', 'AltaGas', 'Vopak', 'detailed Class III capital estimate', 'Ridley Island Energy Export Facility', 'gross Joint Venture capital cost', 'World class export facility', 'large-scale liquefied petroleum gas', 'lowest maritime emissions footprint', 'growing global energy exporter', 'fastest growing demand markets', 'other bulk liquids exports', 'positive final investment decision', 'Asia Pacific energy connectivity', 'Prince Rupert Port Authority', 'First Nations support agreements', 'gross capital cost', 'premium global markets', 'capital cost risk', 'capital cost breakdown', 'local First Nations', 'Mountain Standard Time', '3:30 Central European Time', 'bulk liquids terminal', 'five-year environmental preparation', 'Indigenous rights holders', 'industry-leading environmental stewardship', 'major gating items', 'respective financial capacity', 'ten shipping days', 'shortest shipping time', 'Northwestern B.C.', 'long-term job creation', 'existing exclusive rights', 'long-term value creation', 'shortest shipping distances', 'new dedicated jetty', 'front-end engineering design', 'Site clearing work', 'Phase 1 capital costs', 'Asia Pacific region', 'The Joint Venture', 'annual Partnership EBITDA', 'other key stakeholders', 'LPG storage tanks', '50 percent pro-rata ownership', 'pro-rata 50 percent ownership', 'export infrastructure', 'Canadian energy', 'community investment', 'positive outcomes', 'Asian markets', 'The Netherlands', 'KEY HIGHLIGHTS', 'Onsite work', 'lump-sum engineering', 'positive FID', 'Partnership level', 'press release', 'marine infrastructure', 'British Columbia', 'review process', 'extensive engagement', 'multiple stakeholders', 'local communities', 'governmental incentives', 'community impacts', 'operating environments', 'fabrication contracts', 'structural advantage', 'economic benefits', 'valuable outcomes', 'Vern Yu', 'South Korea', 'growth strategy', 'strategic location', 'Dick Richelle', 'Executive Board', 'North America', 'good collaboration', 'Delivery Schedule', 'infrastructure inc', 'Northeast Asia', 'Canadian dollars', 'Canadian producers', 'LPG imports', 'extensive rail', 'logistics infrastructure', 'upstream customers', 'Royal Vopak', 'construction activities', 'AltaGas Ltd', 'Partners’ expectations', '90 percent', '60 percent', '19 percent', '13 percent', 'Canada', 'position', 'Calgary', 'Rotterdam', '29 May', '30 May', 'figures', 'TSX', 'ALA', 'XAMS', 'VPK', 'REEF', 'FEED', 'permits', 'hand', 'project', '2026 year', 'line', 'equipment', 'packaging', 'pipes', 'controlled', 'procurement', 'company', 'leverage', 'aggregators', 'access', 'LPGs', 'place', 'PRPA', 'methanol', 'President', 'CEO', 'Japan', 'propane', 'Chairman', 'opportunity', 'progress', 'trade', 'development', 'trust', 'Economics', 'Funding', 'organization', 'plant', '6:30']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RENEWI-PLC-4002320/news/Renewi-announces-sale-of-UK-Municipal-business-to-Biffa-46859042/,Renewi announces sale of UK Municipal business to Biffa,(marketscreener.com) THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION NO 596/2014 AND MAR WHICH IS PART OF UK LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION ACT 2018  AS AMENDED 30 May 2024 Renewi plc Renewi announces sale of UK …,"THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 596/2014 (“MAR”) AND MAR WHICH IS PART OF UK LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018  AS AMENDED (“UK MAR”)30 May 2024Renewi plcRenewi announces sale of UK Municipal business to BiffaRenewi plc (""Renewi"" or the ""Group"") (LSE: RWI.L: Euronext Amsterdam: RWI.AS)  a leading European waste-to-product company  is pleased to announce that  following the strategic review of its UK Municipal operations (“UK Municipal”)  announced in September 2023  it has entered into a binding agreement to sell UK Municipal to Biffa Limited (“Biffa"")  a leading UK-wide integrated waste management business (the “Divestment”).Renewi’s CEO  Otto de Bont: ""The sale of UK Municipal to Biffa is a transformational milestone which marks the beginning of a new chapter for Renewi. The exit of UK Municipal will immediately improve our cashflow and profit margins  and enable us to drive sustainable growth.We will now fully focus on growing in Europe’s most attractive and advanced recycling markets. Biffa’s financial position  operational expertise  and presence in the UK municipal landscape make them the right new home for our UK Municipal business and we are confident this transaction benefits all stakeholders.""Biffa’s CEO  Michael Topham: “The addition of UK Municipal’s five contracts to our existing contracts in West Sussex  Leicester and Somerset further establishes our reputation as a trusted provider of complex  long-term waste treatment contracts to local governments.Our combined expertise will position us well for the future as we seek to help local governments deliver their net zero targets. We look forward to welcoming the Renewi UK team to Biffa and to working with our new customers in due course.""Transaction HighlightsSupporting Renewi’s transformation  the Divestment:will immediately increase Renewi’s free cash flow by €15-20m per annum and drive at least c.50bps of EBIT margin expansion;significantly de-risks the Group’s balance sheet as unpredictable UK Municipal liabilities  Onerous Contract Provisions (OCPs)  will be replaced by conventional and competitively priced debt financing  enabling increased visibility on future capital outflows; andfocuses resources and management time on strategic initiatives for stronger growth and shareholder returns.The transaction will be effectuated through a combination of a nominal cash consideration payable to Biffa and pre-completion capitalisation of UK Municipal (together  the “Capitalisation”). The Capitalisation ensures UK Municipal's ability to fulfil its future contractual obligations.Capitalisation is expected to be approximately £125m 1 (€146m 2 ) on completion which  when offset against the reduction of liabilities of €89m  equates to a net cost of c. €57m to Renewi and a total cash impact of €154m  including transaction costs.(€146m ) on completion which  when offset against the reduction of liabilities of €89m  equates to a net cost of c. €57m to Renewi and a total cash impact of €154m  including transaction costs. Core net debt / EBITDA immediately following the transaction is expected to be approximately 2.9x  falling to our target of 2.0x in the medium-term  with improved margins and cash generation driving accelerated deleveraging.The transaction will be funded through the existing revolving credit facility  supplemented by a €120m bridge facility.The Divestment provides UK Municipal customers  employees and other stakeholders with strong strategic backing from a respected scale operator in the UK market. The transaction is expected to complete before 31 December 2024  subject to receipt of a limited suite of regulatory and other consents.Rationale for the DivestmentRenewi’s core strategy is focused on growth in commercial and industrial waste in the Benelux region and expanding its Specialities businesses  Maltha  Coolrec and Mineralz & Water. UK Municipal comprises five highly bespoke legacy contracts to process municipal waste for a geographically disparate group of local authorities across England and Scotland  the longest dated of which run until the 2040s. As the Group’s only operations in the United Kingdom  it has limited operational or strategic synergy with the rest of the Group. The contracts were entered into more than 10 years ago  by a Renewi predecessor; they are break-even or structurally loss-making and  in the absence of a legislative shift or significant changes in market conditions  can be neither prematurely terminated nor renegotiated by Renewi. In this context  Renewi publicly announced the strategic review of UK Municipal in September 2023.Biffa emerged as the most attractive buyer in a competitive process due to the terms of its offer  as well as its strong financial position  expertise in operations  and established presence in the UK municipal landscape. Renewi believes UK Municipal customers  employees and other stakeholders including councils  lenders and regulators will benefit from the transfer of ownership to Biffa.Completion of the Divestment is anticipated before the end of the calendar year and is subject to receipt of a limited number of regulatory and other consents. Renewi will be working collaboratively with Biffa to secure these consents in a constructive manner. Following completion  Renewi will support the smooth transition of the business to Biffa through various transitional service arrangements.Delivering on portfolio optimisation and shareholder returnsThe Divestment concludes addressing legacy aspects of Renewi’s portfolio and will allow the Group to prioritise resources towards the strategic initiatives where it anticipates the strongest growth  financial performance and shareholder returns.The Group has a disciplined capital allocation policy backed by a flexible balance sheet. The significant undrawn capacity in its RCF (due 2028) provides an attractive option to finance the Capitalisation through existing financial facilities  whilst retaining significant covenant and liquidity headroom. The Group also agreed an 18-month standby facility to increase liquidity headroom by €120m  which is expected to be refinanced later this year.Assuming completion of the Divestment prior to 31 December 2024 and inclusive of the previously announced intention to pay a modest full-year dividend  the Group expects core net debt / EBITDA leverage (for the purposes of its half-year covenant test) to be less than 3.0x EBITDA. With the free cash flow generation of the Group further enhanced by the Divestment  and cost and growth actions driving margin improvement  leverage is expected to drop back to 2.0x over the medium-term.Financial effects of the DivestmentPerformance of the UK Municipal’s contractual obligations is guaranteed by the Group through various contractual protections benefiting local authorities. For several years  meeting contractual performance requirements has cost the Group more than the aggregate operator fees received  resulting in OCPs  being recognised in respect of various loss-making contracts. These annually reviewed OCPs have repeatedly required further upward revision as a result of both market conditions and operational factors  translating into greater levels of annual negative cash flow being absorbed by the UK Municipal portfolio.In recent years  Renewi has stabilised and strengthened the UK Municipal operations  resulting in optimised operational performance. However  the portfolio remains a significant cash drag on the Group – with a total cash outflow of approximately €28m over the last 24 months. The Group expects its free cash flow generation to improve by c €15-20m per annum as a result of the Divestment.The unpredictability and sensitivity of OCP revisions (size  timing and impact on overall cost of capital for the Group) has significantly contributed to risk in the Group’s balance sheet. Through the Divestment  these unpredictable liabilities will be replaced by highly predictable conventional debt financing  enabling visibility on future capital outflows and derisking the Group’s balance sheet.The Capitalisation was derived and agreed through multiple approaches  including referencing the level of Onerous Contract Provisions (€130m on 31 March 2024)  the Net Present Value of the cash flow impact of the operations for the remainder of the contracts  and cross-checked against the carrying values of UK Municipal assets and liabilities on the Renewi balance sheet. In utilising its existing debt financing capacity for the capitalisation  Renewi has chosen to maximise shareholders’ ability to benefit from the value creation opportunities unlocked from completion of the Divestment.As a result of the provisioning that has been necessary with respect to UK Municipal  the Divestment is not expected to materially impact the Group’s statutory profitability metrics – however the deconsolidation of €180m of low margin revenue is expected to improve Group EBIT margins by c. 50bps. More detailed financial impacts can be found in the Group’s FY24 financial results published today  in which UK Municipal will be classified as an asset held for sale.3About BiffaBiffa has been at the forefront of the UK waste industry for over 100 years. It is a leader in sustainable waste management in the UK  operating across the waste value chain from collection through sorting  processing  treatment  and disposal.Biffa is an established operator in the Municipal landscape with over 65 years of expertise in Municipal operations. This is underpinned by a strong financial position and ongoing investment in its treatment facilities and new technology including carbon capture. The company is enabling the UK circular economy by expanding its low carbon collections network  building out its plastic recycling capacity and investing in energy recovery. Since 2002 they’ve cut their carbon emissions by 70%.Biffa’s ultimate owners are funds managed by Energy Capital Partners  who are leading infrastructure investors based in Summit  New Jersey  at the forefront of renewable energy investing since its inception in 2005.For further information:Renewi plcAnne Metz  Director of Investor Relations+31 6 4167 9233investor.relations@renewi.comFTI ConsultingRichard Mountain / Ben Fletcher+44 203 727 1340FTI_RWI@FTIconsulting.comNotes:Subject to customary closing adjustments; Capitalisation at completion will be net of any normal course capitalisation provided by Renewi to UK Municipal in the period between 31 March 2024 and completion of the Disposal.Based on GBP/EUR exchange rate of €1:£0.855.For the purposes of UK Listing Rule 10.4  as at 31 March 2024 the gross assets of UK Municipal (adjusted for the estimated pre-completion Capitalisation) are €348m; and in the financial year ending 31 March 2024  UK Municipal contributed €0.7m to the Group’s statutory profit before tax.Greenhill & Co. International LLP and Ashurst LLP are respectively acting as financial and legal advisers to Renewi in the context of the Divestment.About RenewiRenewi is a pure-play recycling company that focuses on extracting value from waste and used materials rather than disposing of them through incineration or landfill. The company plays an important role in combating resource scarcity by creating circular materials. In giving new life to used materials  Renewi addresses both social and regulatory trends  contributing to a cleaner and greener world.Our vision is to be the leading waste-to-product company in the world's most advanced circular economies. With a recycling rate of 63.2%  one of the highest in Europe  Renewi puts 6.6 million tonnes of low-carbon circular materials back into use each year. This contributes to mitigating climate change and promotes the circular economy. Our recycling efforts help to protect natural resources and prevent more than 2.5 million tonnes of CO2 emissions annually.Renewi leverages innovation and the latest technology to turn waste into circular materials such as paper  metals  plastics  glass  wood  building materials  compost  and water. We employ over 6 000 people across 154 operational sites in five countries in Europe. Renewi is recognised as a leading waste-to-product company in the Benelux region and a European leader in advanced recycling.Visit our website for more information: www.renewi.com.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.27,0.21,True,English,"['UK Municipal business', 'Renewi', 'sale', 'Biffa', 'leading UK-wide integrated waste management business', 'complex, long-term waste treatment contracts', 'five highly bespoke legacy contracts', 'competitively priced debt financing', 'existing revolving credit facility', 'unpredictable UK Municipal liabilities', 'leading European waste', '€120m bridge facility', 'Otto de Bont', 'advanced recycling markets', 'EBIT margin expansion', 'Onerous Contract Provisions', 'UK Municipal business', 'free cash flow', 'total cash impact', 'net zero targets', 'Core net debt', 'future capital outflows', 'future contractual obligations', 'strong strategic backing', 'strong financial position', 'UK municipal landscape', 'UK Municipal customers', 'Renewi UK team', 'UK Municipal operations', 'five contracts', 'municipal waste', 'existing contracts', 'management time', 'industrial waste', 'new customers', 'nominal cash', 'cash generation', 'EUROPEAN UNION', 'net cost', 'core strategy', 'UK LAW', 'UK market', 'strategic review', 'strategic initiatives', 'strategic synergy', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'WITHDRAWAL) ACT', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'product company', 'binding agreement', 'transformational milestone', 'new chapter', 'Michael Topham', 'West Sussex', 'trusted provider', 'local governments', 'due course', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder returns', 'scale operator', 'limited suite', 'other consents', 'Benelux region', 'Specialities businesses', 'local authorities', 'United Kingdom', 'legislative shift', 'significant changes', 'market conditions', 'competitive process', 'sustainable growth', 'combined expertise', 'stronger growth', 'other stakeholders', 'RWI.AS', 'profit margins', 'attractive buyer', 'Transaction Highlights', 'transaction costs', 'Renewi plc', 'Renewi predecessor', 'disparate group', 'operational expertise', 'The Capitalisation', 'Biffa Limited', 'The Divestment', 'completion capitalisation', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'PURPOSES', 'ARTICLE', 'REGULATION', 'PART', 'VIRTUE', 'AMENDED', 'May', 'sale', 'LSE', 'September', 'CEO', 'beginning', 'exit', 'cashflow', 'presence', 'home', 'addition', 'Leicester', 'Somerset', 'reputation', 'annum', '50bps', 'OCPs', 'conventional', 'visibility', 'resources', 'combination', 'ability', 'reduction', 'EBITDA', '2.0x', 'medium-term', 'improved', 'accelerated', 'deleveraging', 'employees', '31 December', 'receipt', 'regulatory', 'Rationale', 'commercial', 'Maltha', 'Coolrec', 'Mineralz', 'Water', 'England', 'Scotland', '2040s', 'rest', 'absence', 'context', 'terms', 'offer', 'councils', 'lenders', 'regulators', 'transfer']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RENEWI-PLC-4002320/news/FY24-Full-Year-Results-Delivering-on-Commitments-46859024/,FY24 Full Year Results  Delivering on Commitments,(marketscreener.com) THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION NO 596/2014   AND MAR WHICH IS PART OF UK LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION ACT 2018  AS AMENDED 30 May 2024 Renewi plc FY24 Full Year Results  De…,"THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 596/2014 (“MAR”)  AND MAR WHICH IS PART OF UK LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018  AS AMENDED (“UK MAR”)30 May 2024Renewi plcFY24 Full Year Results  Delivering on CommitmentsRenewi plc (""Renewi"" or the ""Group"") (LSE: RWI.L: Euronext Amsterdam: RWI.AS)  a leading European waste-to-product company  today releases its results for the full-year ended 31 March 2024 (“FY24”).Sale of UK MunicipalFollowing the strategic review of its UK Municipal operations (“UK Municipal”) announced in September 2023  Renewi has entered into a binding agreement to sell UK Municipal to Biffa Limited (“Biffa”)  a leading UK-wide integrated waste management business (the “Divestment”).Renewi’s CEO  Otto de Bont: """"The sale of UK Municipal to Biffa delivers on our commitment to optimise our portfolio and strengthen our core business. This is a transformational moment for Renewi which will enable us to unlock substantial profit and cashflow improvements and improve shareholder value.We will now fully focus on growing in Europe’s most attractive and advanced recycling markets. Biffa’s financial position  operational expertise  and presence in the UK municipal landscape make them the right new home for our UK Municipal business and we are confident this transaction benefits all stakeholders.""See a separate RNS dated 30 May 2024 “Renewi announces sale of UK Municipal business to Biffa” for more information.Transaction HighlightsSupporting Renewi’s transformation  the Divestment:will immediately increase Renewi’s free cash flow by €15-20m per annum and drive at least c.50bps of EBIT margin expansion.significantly de-risks the Group’s balance sheet as unpredictable UK Municipal liabilities  Onerous Contract Provisions (OCPs)  will be replaced by conventional and competitively priced debt financing  enabling increased visibility on future capital outflows.focuses resources and management time on strategic initiatives for stronger growth and shareholder returns.The transaction will be effectuated through a combination of a nominal cash consideration payable to Biffa and pre-completion capitalisation of UK Municipal (together  the “Capitalisation”). The Capitalisation ensures UK Municipals’ ability to fulfil its future contractual obligations.Capitalisation is expected to be approximately £125m* (€146m**) on completion which  when offset against the reduction of liabilities of €89m  equates to a net cost of c. €57m to Renewi and a total cash impact of €154m  including transaction costs.Core net debt / EBITDA immediately following the transaction is expected to be approximately 2.9x  falling to our target of 2.0x in the medium-term  with improved margins and cash generation driving accelerated deleveraging.The transaction will be funded through the existing revolving credit facility  supplemented by a €120m bridge facility.The Divestment provides UK Municipal customers  employees and other stakeholders with strong strategic backing from a respected scale operator in the UK market. The transaction is expected to complete before 31 December 2024  subject to receipt of a limited suite of regulatory and other consents.* Subject to customary closing adjustments; Capitalisation at completion will be net of any normal course capitalisation provided by Renewi to UK Municipal in the period between 31 March 2024 and completion of the Disposal.** Based on GBP/EUR exchange rate of €1:£0.855.For the purposes of UK Listing Rule 10.4  as at 31 March 2024 the gross assets of UK Municipal (adjusted for the estimated pre-completion Capitalisation) are €348m; and in the financial year ending 31 March 2024  UK Municipal contributed €0.7m to the Group’s statutory profit before tax.FY24 Financial Highlights (note all financial results are shown with UK Municipal held for sale)Revenue of €1 689m and underlying EBIT of €105.5m from continuing operations (FY23: revenue of €1 704m and underlying EBIT of €131.7m).(FY23: revenue of €1 704m and underlying EBIT of €131.7m). Underlying EBITDA from continuing operations of €230.2m : (FY23: €252.4m): (FY23: €252.4m) Statutory loss of €30.9m : (FY23: profit of €66.6m) reflecting lower profits and an exceptional charge of €64.5m on the UK Municipal divestment: (FY23: profit of €66.6m) reflecting lower profits and an exceptional charge of €64.5m on the UK Municipal divestment Free cash flow of €20.9m (FY23: €25.3m)(FY23: €25.3m) Core net debt €368.1m: (FY23: €370.6m)  representing 2.1x EBITDADividend: A final dividend of 5p per share has been recommended for FY24FY24 Strategic and Operational HighlightsCommercial Waste : Solid volume development in Belgium  supported by legislation. Volumes in the Netherlands stabilised in the final quarter of the year  supported by the implementation of a new sales strategy  despite a continued challenging Dutch construction market.: Solid volume development in Belgium  supported by legislation. Volumes in the Netherlands stabilised in the final quarter of the year  supported by the implementation of a new sales strategy  despite a continued challenging Dutch construction market. Mineralz & Water : Delivered a strong recovery  with increased uptake of new sand  filler and gravel products alongside a strong performance in water-related activities.: Delivered a strong recovery  with increased uptake of new sand  filler and gravel products alongside a strong performance in water-related activities. Specialities: Continued strong momentum at both Maltha and Coolrec  benefitting from their leading positions in high growth niches. Revenue and underlying EBIT growth supported by pricing at Maltha and volumes at Coolrec.Continued strong momentum at both Maltha and Coolrec  benefitting from their leading positions in high growth niches. Revenue and underlying EBIT growth supported by pricing at Maltha and volumes at Coolrec. Recyclate prices : Prices were stable throughout the year  having returned to pre-Covid historical average levels  albeit plastic prices remain at lower than average levels due to international oversupply of virgin material.: Prices were stable throughout the year  having returned to pre-Covid historical average levels  albeit plastic prices remain at lower than average levels due to international oversupply of virgin material. Simplify (SG&A efficiency programme): Launched to streamline staff functions and reduce costs  Simplify achieved its €15m run rate at the end of March.Launched to streamline staff functions and reduce costs  Simplify achieved its €15m run rate at the end of March. Future Fit (Digitisation Project) : Accelerated in the second half of FY24  Future Fit aims to enhance operational efficiency  asset utilisation and customer satisfaction. The project will be implemented over the next two to three years and is fully accounted for in the existing medium term high-single digit EBIT target.: Accelerated in the second half of FY24  Future Fit aims to enhance operational efficiency  asset utilisation and customer satisfaction. The project will be implemented over the next two to three years and is fully accounted for in the existing medium term high-single digit EBIT target. Commercial momentum: new customer wins include Schiphol and Rotterdam airports  Dutch Ministry of Defense  Custodial Institution Agency  Total Energies  BPost  Nike  and Mouscon Hospital.new customer wins include Schiphol and Rotterdam airports  Dutch Ministry of Defense  Custodial Institution Agency  Total Energies  BPost  Nike  and Mouscon Hospital. Recycling rate: was 63.2%  down slightly from 63.7% in FY23 due to lower construction volumes which have a high recycling rate. This was partly compensated by the increase of advanced recycling of plastics and mixed residual waste.Lost Time Injuries Rate: decreased from 9.4 to 6.8  driven by cross-company initiatives including safety trainings and investments in site safety  resulting a safer workplaceOutlookFY25 trading expectations include return to revenue growth and significant margin improvement for the continuing Group  in line with current consensus.Commercial Waste expects to continue its strong performance in Belgium and to improve in the Netherlands  building on stabilised volumes  despite the ongoing weakness in the construction sector. Further margin improvement is expected as existing programmes ramp up to their run-rate benefits.Continuing Mineralz & Water turn-around  underpinned by the higher run rate achieved in late FY24 continuing into FY25. Additionally further improvements are expected in the quality and consistency of the materials.Investment in innovative projects within Coolrec and Maltha in progress  with returns expected during the second half of FY25The UK Municipal Divestment will increase near term leverage; deleveraging expected at 0.4 – 0.5 turns per annumReiteration of 3-5 year targets: 8-10% underlying EBIT margin Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion >40% ROCE >15% Organic annual revenue growth >5%ResultsFY24 FY23# % change UNDERLYING NON-STATUTORY Revenue from continuing operations €1 689.2m €1 703.9m -1% Underlying EBITDA1 from continuing operations €230.2m €252.4m -9% Underlying EBIT1 from continuing operations €105.5m €131.7m -20% Underlying EBIT1 margin from continuing operations 6.2% 7.7% -1.5pps Free cash flow1 €20.9m €25.3m Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion1 9.0% 9.9% Return on capital employed1 7.7% 10.6% Core net debt* €368.1m €370.6m STATUTORY Revenue from continuing operations €1 689.2m €1 703.9m -1% Operating profit from continuing operations €97.6m €141.5m -31% Profit for the year from continuing operations €45.2m €86.0m -47% (Loss) profit for the year €(30.9)m €66.6m Basic EPS (cents per share) from continuing operations 53c 104c Cash flow from operating activities €205.0m €209.6m Total net debt (including IFRS 16 leases) €616.0m €685.7m1 The definition and rationale for the use of non-IFRS measures are included in note 18.# Certain March 2023 values have been adjusted to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2.* Core net debt used for banking leverage calculations excludes the impact of IFRS 16 lease liabilities and UK PPP net debt.Otto de Bont  CEO Renewi: “We made three important commitments to our shareholders at the Capital Markets Day in October 2023: optimise our portfolio  build a stronger platform with improved margins and shareholder returns  and drive organic growth. Despite a challenging market environment in commercial waste  we made solid progress on these commitments.We completed the strategic review of our UK Municipal business  resulting in a sale of our UK Municipal activities to Biffa  immediately improving our. Mineralz & Water is slightly ahead of schedule and we expect to further increase the production volume and quality of new sand  filler and gravel products.Three key initiatives are focused on strengthening our platform. With the Simplify efficiency programme  we right-sized our SG&A costs. We announced the streamlining of our organisational structure to unlock our growth potential and better utilise our scale by merging Commercial Waste Netherlands and Belgium under single leadership and integrating Mineralz & Water into the Specialities division. Alongside this  we accelerated Future Fit  a multi-year digitisation programme aimed at replacing our legacy IT systems  to give us a strong foundation to improve efficiency and drive growth.To further drive organic growth  we are progressing in the key sectors set out at the Capital Markets Day  including monostreams like glass  plastics and organics  and mixed waste streams from construction & demolition and commercial & industrial. In addition we are expanding our Ecosmart services  offering customers advice and resources to improve their waste management and reduce their carbon footprint.Finally  we are recommencing dividend payment as stated before and will propose a dividend of 5p per share  underlining our commitment to our shareholders and confidence in our future.We celebrated notable client wins across The Netherlands and Belgium  including Schiphol Airport  Rotterdam the Hague Airport  the Ministry of Defence and Custodial Institution Agency  Total Energies  BPost  Limburg and Nike. Partnerships were concluded with Shell Refineries Pernis and Moerdijk for total waste management and Vattenfall for the offtake of Green Gas as of Q1FY25. The wins of SPF Penitentiaire and hospital Mouscron  reflecting our successful approach in the care sector.We operate in a dynamic sector  where the perception of waste is changing and where our customers realise the carbon footprint they create is impacted by the waste they produce and by the raw materials they use. We help them reduce their footprint  by improving their waste management and by offering them circular materials as alternative to the virgin materials they use today. With our scale  resources and expertise  Renewi is well-positioned to grow in this dynamic sector.”FY24 results presentationToday we will host a results presentation at 9:30am BST / 10:30am CET. Registrations for the presentation: https://brrmedia.news/RWI_FYFor further information:Renewi plcAnne Metz  Director of Investor Relations+31 6 4167 9233investor.relations@renewi.comFTI ConsultingRichard Mountain / Ben Fletcher+44 203 727 1340FTI_RWI@FTIconsulting.comInformation on DividendThe Board is recommending a dividend of 5 pence per share. Subject to shareholder approval at the 2024 AGM  the final dividend will be paid on the 31July 2024 with an ex-dividend date of 27 June 2024 and a record date of 28 June 2024. Shareholders on the Register of Members or holding shares in Crest will automatically receive their dividends in Pounds Sterling  shareholders who hold shares through Euroclear Nederland will automatically receive their dividends in Euros. For shareholders holding shares trading on Euronext Amsterdam and held via Euroclear Nederland  the Euro equivalent dividend payment will be announced on 25 July 2024  and a Dividend Reinvestment Programme (“DRIP”) is available. ABN AMRO provide their DRIP fully on their account and not on behalf of the Company. Contact ABN AMRO at corporate.broking@nl.abnamro.com for information.About RenewiRenewi is a pure-play recycling company that focuses on extracting value from waste and used materials rather than disposing of them through incineration or landfill. The company plays an important role in combating resource scarcity by creating circular materials. In giving new life to used materials  Renewi addresses both social and regulatory trends  contributing to a cleaner and greener world.Our vision is to be the leading waste-to-product company in the world's most advanced circular economies. With a recycling rate of 63.2%  one of the highest in Europe  Renewi puts 6.6 million tonnes of circular materials back into use each year. This contributes to mitigating climate change and promotes the circular economy. Our recycling efforts help to protect natural resources and prevent more than 2.5 million tonnes of CO 2 emissions annually.Renewi leverages innovation and the latest technology to turn waste into circular materials such as paper  metals  plastics  glass  wood  building materials  compost  and water. We employ over 6 000 people across 154 operational sites in five countries in Europe. Renewi is recognised as a leading waste-to-product company in the Benelux region and a European leader in advanced recycling.Visit our website for more information: www.renewi.com.CEO’s reviewOur strategic ambitions encompass three priorities – optimise our portfolio  build a stronger platform and accelerate our organic growth. While FY24 saw a challenging market environment with limited macroeconomic growth  a fall in recyclate prices and market declines in some of our key end markets  we focused on operational agility and commitments.Our portfolio optimisation is progressing well with the completion of the strategic review of our UK Municipal business  resulting in a sale of our UK Municipal activities to Biffa. This transaction entails a €154m cash outflow for us  but thereafter will unburden our cashflow and free up management focus to realise our growth ambitions for the core business. We are also on track with the turn-around of Mineralz & Water within the envisaged timeframe  through the growing uptake of our new materials. The new Mineralz & Water product line has been created with the specific needs of the concrete and construction industries in mind and we expect to further increase the production volume and quality of our new sand  filler and gravel products. We expect the recovery of Mineralz & Water to continue through FY25.In order to strengthen our systems and processes  we launched three initiatives over the course of FY24. The Simplify programme identified a number of areas for efficiency gains  especially in our SG&A functions  where we were able to make significant savings by combining activities and increasing efficiency. We started the process of streamlining our organisational structure and bringing Commercial Waste Netherlands and Belgium together under a single Commercial Waste leader  to maximise the sharing of best practices  organisational efficiency and economies of scale. We further developed and accelerated the launch of Future Fit  our digitisation programme to replace our legacy IT systems and increase the resilience and agility of our platform. Workday  a comprehensive workforce management solution  was one of the tools we rolled out to manage our human resources functions more efficiently.While the financial results of FY24 were impacted by both recyclate prices largely returning to historical averages and the challenging market in the Commercial Waste Netherlands business  work continued across the organisation to put the right measures in place to return to organic revenue growth and realise higher margins. Within Commercial Waste  a simplified leadership structure  an enhanced sales strategy and investments in high growth projects have set the groundwork for accelerated growth in the future. Mineralz & Water continues to improve its underlying EBIT in line with its recovery programme. Coolrec  while impacted by the low plastics prices  processed record volumes and has started constructing new processing lines which will further contribute to growth in 2025. Maltha showed impressive growth  with refinements in processes and investments in plant improvements combined with strong price dynamics to yield exceptional results.If we look at the higher-growth materials and sectors we set out on our Capital Markets Day  we have made progress on a number of areas of our 5 year commitment to add €275m in revenues in glass  plastics  organics  construction & demolition and zero waste solutions.Group Summary Revenue Underlying EBIT FY24 FY23* Variance FY24 FY23* Variance €m €m % €m €m % Commercial Waste 1 384.7 1 397.3 -1% 98.5 129.3 -24% Mineralz & Water 181.6 190.9 -5% 9.6 0.5 n/a Specialities 175.2 160.2 9% 16.3 15.9 3% Group central services - - (18.9) (14.0) -35% Inter-segment revenue (52.3) (44.5) - - Continuing Operations 1 689.2 1 703.9 -1% 105.5 131.7 -20% Discontinued Operations 179.9 188.4 -5% 1.3 1.2 8% Total 1 869.1 1 892.3 -1% 106.8 132.9 -20%The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in note 3 in the consolidated financial statements.*The FY23 numbers have been reclassified to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.Against a background of macroeconomic challenges including lower levels of construction and demolition activities in the Netherlands and high inflation  our financial performance for FY24 was weaker with revenue from continuing operations down 1% and underlying EBIT down 20%. In the last quarter of the year  volumes stabilised or returned to modest sequential growth. The planned divestment of UK Municipal has been reflected as asset held for sale at 31 March 2024 and has resulted in an exceptional charge of €64.5m.We continued to grow our operations and officially opened our Ghent sorting line  which is capable of recycling 125kt of commercial residual waste annually. The facility aligns with VLAREMA 8 legislation which requires that some 24 materials must be removed from commercial waste for recycling before any residual waste can be incinerated. We also opened our new rigid plastics sorting line in Acht  which produces high-quality Post-Consumer Recycled (PCR) materials  focusing on polypropylene (PP) and polyethylene (PE). We are proud to have achieved over 95% purity at the site  ensuring our recycled plastics meet the highest standards.In a ground-breaking achievement  our Coolrec subsidiary in partnership with Electrolux  pioneered the creation of a refrigerator crafted from recycled materials. This collaboration earned us the European Plastic Recycling Award for Automotive  Electrical  or Electronic Product of the Year  recognising our excellence in recycled material processing  innovative product design and cutting-edge manufacturing in the European plastics recycling industry. Maltha installed a new line at the Portugal site for the processing of ceramics  stone and porcelain  a waste stream coming from glass sorting  and made a number of upgrades to improve quality and yields. Looking forward  we expect to see increasing demand for our services  as our offering is even more attractive in light of upcoming regulatory requirements which will affect many of our customers  such as CSRD regulation and will continue to drive higher levels of recycling. We are well-positioned to meet this demand. We continue to focus on customer experience and with the implementation of Future Fit  we expect to see further improvement in customer satisfaction.Ensuring health and safety in our workplace is paramount  we have made excellent progress in maintaining a safe environment. We are proud to report a decrease in Lost Time Injuries overall from 9.4 to 6.8  surpassing our 2025 target of 7. We have proactively implemented enhanced traffic plans across all our sites to mitigate risks. The rollout of safety leadership training is evidence of our commitment to fostering a culture of safety at every level of the organisation. We were pleased that our employee satisfaction levels stayed stable at an eNPS 23 against the backdrop of a strategic review and implementation of our Simplify programme.Group outlookOur strategic focus for the coming year centres around completing the divestment of our UK Municipal business  driving further improvements in Mineralz & Water operations and driving efficiency through digitisation and simplification of our organisation and processes. We aim to achieve further growth through organic expansion and the strengthening of our core commercial waste business with the targeted sales strategy and continuing investment in innovation in circular materials. We expect Commercial Waste Belgium to continue its strong performance in the second half  and Netherlands to show improvement despite the ongoing weakness in the construction sector. We will see further margin improvement as the existing programmes ramp up to their run-rate benefits. In line with our upgraded capital allocation policy we shared at the Capital Markets Day in October of last year  I am pleased to announce that we will be proposing a dividend of 5p per share.I want to express my gratitude to the diverse group of stakeholders who have been instrumental in supporting us throughout this year. I appreciate our customers for entrusting us with their business  our workforce for their continued dedication  the Board for their valuable guidance and our shareholders for their support of our vision.CFO’s reviewFinancial Performance FY24 FY23* Variance €m €m % Continuing operations Revenue 1 689.2 1 703.9 -1% Underlying EBIT 105.5 131.7 -20% Operating profit 97.6 141.5 -31% Underlying profit before tax 68.0 105.2 -35% Non-trading & exceptional items (7.9) 9.8 Profit before tax from continuing operations 60.1 115.0 Total tax charge for the year (14.9) (29.0) Profit for the year from continuing operations 45.2 86.0 Discontinued operations (76.1) (19.4) (Loss) profit for the year (30.9) 66.6 Organic annual revenue growth -1% 3% Underlying EBIT margin 6.2% 7.7% Free Cash FlowithEBITDA conversion 9.0% 9.9% Return on capital employed 7.7% 10.6%The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in notes 3 and 18 in the consolidated financial statements.*The FY23 numbers have been reclassified to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.We have continued to deliver against the strategic priorities previously communicated at Renewi’s Capital Markets Day in October 2023. However despite these successes  a challenging operating environment for Commercial Waste Netherlands  particularly in the Construction and Demolition sector  adversely impacted the overall Group results in FY24. We achieved a number of goals including further optimisation of the portfolio as Mineralz & Water continued its recovery with its overall performance slightly ahead of the original recovery plan. As announced an exit for the UK Municipal business has been agreed with completion expected before 31 December 2024. Cost reduction and efficiency in both the short and longer term  remains a key focus for the Group. The Simplify programme launched in the third quarter has achieved its targeted full year run-rate impact of €15m in SG&A costs by the end of March. This action will contribute to our medium term objective of delivering high single-digit EBIT margins.Given the status of the UK Municipal strategic review at the end of the financial year  the business is presented as an asset held for sale at 31 March 2024. This has resulted in this business being disclosed as a discontinued operation with the financials now presented on a continuing and discontinued operations basis with a restatement of the prior year comparatives. As a result of this an exceptional charge of €64.5m has been recorded.Revenue from continuing operations fell by 1%  to €1 689.2m driven by slow economic growth and a reduction in recyclate prices. Overall volumes were down year on year albeit stable in the second half and recyclate prices have remained largely stable throughout the year. Underlying EBIT from continuing operations was 20% lower than the prior year driven by volume and recyclate impact of €35m as cost inflation was largely mitigated by pricing discipline and ongoing cost initiatives. In addition  there has also been the impact this year of a higher level of favourable one-off items of c€5m arising from some accrual releases and other settlements. These one-off items do not qualify as non-trading or exceptional in accordance with our accounting policy. The benefit of ongoing cost reductions and execution of strategic initiatives has resulted in an improved underlying EBIT margin performance in the second half of the year of 6.7% compared to 5.8% in the first half of the year. Net finance charges have risen in FY24 as a result of increased costs of borrowing and higher average debt balances across the year. The level of exceptional and non-trading items in continuing operations was higher than last year as described below  resulting in a statutory profit for the year from continuing operations of €45.2m compared to €86.0m last year.Additionally  during FY24  we have embarked on our Future Fit digital programme  a strategic initiative expected to increase operational efficiency  asset utilisation and customer satisfaction  also supporting the Group in achieving its medium-term margin ambitions. Our capital allocation policy was reset during the year to reflect an ongoing disciplined approach to capital  prioritising shareholder returns and investing in profitable growth. In line with this a final dividend of 5 pence per share is proposed which will be subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting.Non-trading and exceptional items excluded from underlying profitsTo enable a better understanding of underlying performance  certain items are excluded from underlying EBIT and underlying profit before tax due to their size  nature or incidence.Total non-trading and exceptional items in continuing operations were a cost of €7.9m (FY23: €9.8m credit) and include the costs of the Simplify restructuring programme  portfolio management activity  amortisation of acquisition related intangibles reduced by profits from property disposals and other items. Further details on all non-trading and exceptional items are provided in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.Operating profit from continuing operations  after taking account of all non-trading and exceptional items  was €97.6m (FY23: €141.5m).Net finance costsNet finance costs from continuing operations increased by €11.2m to €38.0m (FY23: €26.8m) as a result of the impact of additional fixed rate borrowings in the second half of FY23  increased interest rates  the level of borrowings on the revolving credit facility and a non-cash write off of €1m of unamortised loan fees following the August 2023 renewal of the €400m revolving credit facility. Further details are provided in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.Profit before taxProfit before tax from continuing operations on a statutory basis  including the impact of non-trading and exceptional items  was €60.1m (FY23: €115.0m).TaxationTotal taxation for the year from continuing operations was a charge of €14.9m (FY23: €29.0m). The effective tax rate on underlying profits was 23.7% at €16.1m  a decrease from 29.3% in the prior year  as a result of tax losses claimed from the UK Municipal entities. A tax credit of €1.2m is attributable to the non-trading and exceptional items of €7.9m as a number of items are not subject to tax.Looking forward  we anticipate the underlying tax rate to be approximately 27%. Due to items disallowed for tax in both the Netherlands and Belgium  our effective tax rate is higher than the nominal rates in the countries where we operate. Our Group tax strategy remains unchanged and is fully documented on the Group website.The Group statutory profit for the year from continuing operations  including all non-trading and exceptional items  was €45.2m (FY23: €86.0m).Discontinued operationsThe loss for the year from the disposal group was €76.1m including the re-measurement impact in reflecting the business as asset held for sale. Further details on the performance of the UK Municipal business and the implications of the transaction are provided in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.Earnings per share (EPS)Underlying EPS from continuing operations excluding non-trading and exceptional items was 61 cents per share  a decrease of 28 cents given the lower profits. Basic EPS from total operations was a loss of 43 cents per share compared to earnings of 79 cents per share in the prior year.DividendThe Board is recommending a final dividend of 5 pence per share. Subject to shareholder approval at the 2024 AGM  the final dividend will be paid on 31 July 2024 to shareholders on the register at close of business on 28 June 2024.Cash flow performanceThe funds flow performance table is derived from the statutory cash flow statement including both continued and discontinued operations and reconciliations are included in note 18 in the consolidated financial statements. The table shows the cash flows from an adjusted free cash flow to total cash flow. The adjusted free cash flow measure focuses on the cash generation excluding the impact of historical liabilities relating to Covid-19 tax deferrals  settlement of ATM soil liabilities  spend relating to the UK PPP onerous contracts and other items including exceptional cash spend. Free cash flow represents the cash available to fund growth capital projects  pay dividends and invest in acquisitions.Funds flow performance FY24 FY23 €m €m Underlying EBITDA 232.3 255.6 Working capital movement 25.7 (5.8) Movement in provisions and other (8.5) (0.2) Net replacement capital expenditure (57.2) (87.3) Repayments of obligations under lease liabilities (55.3) (47.5) Interest and loan fees (31.1) (20.7) Tax (36.3) (21.2) Adjusted free cash flow 69.6 72.9 Deferred Covid taxes (19.9) (19.7) Offtake of ATM soil (2.5) (1.2) UK Municipal contracts (15.8) (12.2) Renewi 2.0 and other exceptional spend (5.3) (4.1) Other (5.2) (10.4) Free cash flow 20.9 25.3 Growth capital expenditure (22.0) (30.8) Acquisitions net of disposals 0.2 (59.4) Total cash flow (0.9) (64.9) Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion 9.0% 9.9%All numbers above contain both continued and discontinued operations. Free cash flow conversion is free cash flow as a percentage of underlying EBITDA. The non-IFRS measures above are reconciled to statutory measures in note 18 in the consolidated financial statements.Adjusted free cash flow was only slightly lower than last year at €69.6m (FY23: €72.9m) despite the lower EBITDA  which was offset by improved working capital management  increased utilisation of invoice discounting and disposal proceeds. Replacement capital expenditure of €57.2m was significantly lower than last year following the disposal of the Hemweg site in Amsterdam. The disposal of this site was anticipated as part of the overall business plan for the Renewi Westpoort acquisition in 2022. Stripping out proceeds from this and other exceptional property disposals  replacement capital expenditure was €77m  a decrease of €17m on the prior year which included a number of catch up projects delayed during Covid. In addition  €66.6m of new leases or modifications have been entered into which are reported as right-of-use assets with a corresponding lease liability. These leases include the continuation of the truck replacement programme  property lease renewals or extensions and others. Growth capital expenditure of €22.0m includes further spend on the VLAREMA 8 advanced sorting investments in Belgium and the newly commissioned rigid plastics sorting line at Acht in the Netherlands. As previously communicated  this level of growth spend is lower than originally planned given delays at further sites for advanced sorting in Belgium  as full enforcement of the new regulation ramps up.The higher cash outflow relating to interest includes the settlement of €2.6m of fees relating to the August 2023 renewal of the Group revolving credit facility along with the impact of higher financing costs. Tax payments were higher in the current year given the timing of settlements with some items falling into FY24.Looking at the three legacy components that are shown below adjusted free cash flow  there has been a further €19.9m repayment on Dutch Covid-19 tax deferrals as expected. The remaining balance of €10m will be settled by the end of September 2024. Cash spend for placement of TGG soil stocks has been limited in the period. Cash outflow on UK PPP contracts was €15.8m. Following completion of the UK Municipal divestment  we do not expect any further cash outflows in respect of UK PPP contracts.The acquisitions net of disposals inflow included the sale of an entity acquired with the Renewi Westpoort acquisition in September 2023  net of the acquisition of the Meeus rockwool business in Belgium. Other cash flows include funding for the closed UK defined benefit scheme and the funding of the Renewi Employee Share trust.Net cash inflow from operating activities decreased from €188.4m in the prior year to €168.7m in the current year. A reconciliation to the underlying cash flow performance as referred to above is included in note 18 in the consolidated financial statements and further details on cash flows from discontinued operations in note 12.Moving forward  our focus is on enhancing our capacity to generate free cash flow and achieving a conversion rate of 40% of EBITDA by the end of FY26. We will achieve this by eliminating legacy cash outflows  reducing exceptional costs and optimising asset utilisation to decrease capital expenditures. By bolstering our ability to generate cash  we can adopt a capital allocation strategy that balances growth-oriented investments with enhanced returns for our shareholders.Investment projectsExpenditure in FY25Asset optimisation is a key objective to improve our cash flow generation and deliver a cash conversion rate of 40% of EBITDA in the coming years. As such replacement capital expenditure will continue to be tightly controlled and is expected to be between €70m and €80m in FY25. In addition  c.€50m of IFRS 16 lease investments are anticipated  as further deliveries on the replacement truck programme continue. Our medium-term ambition is to earmark c. 30% of free cash flow annually to growth capital projects with return hurdle rates of at least 16% on a pre-tax basis. Total growth capital spend in FY25 is expected to be around €30m on a number of projects across the divisions.Return on assetsThe Group return on operating assets on a continuing basis  excluding debt  tax and goodwill  decreased to 19.9% at 31 March 2024 down from 30.0% at 31 March 2023 given the lower profits in FY24. The Group post-tax return on capital employed on a total operations basis was 7.7% (FY23: 10.6%).Treasury and cash managementCore net debt and leverage ratiosCore net debt excludes IFRS 16 lease liabilities and the net debt relating to the UK PPP contracts which is non-recourse to the Group and secured over the assets of the special purpose vehicles. Given the UK Municipal planned exit and classification as asset held for sale all cash and borrowings relating to the disposal group at 31 March 2024 are now shown in assets and liabilities held for sale. Core net debt at 31 March 2024  excluding any core cash held in UK Municipal  was €368.1m (FY23: €370.6m). Cash performance in the last half resulted in lower net debt and a closing net debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.14x. Liquidity headroom including cash and undrawn facilities remained sufficient at €307m.Debt structure and strategyAll our core borrowings of bonds and loans are green financed. As at 31 March 2024  78% of our core net debt was on a fixed rate. Most borrowings are long term with the exception of the €75m Belgian green retail bonds due for repayment in July 2024.Debt Structure Mar 24 Mar 23* Variance €m €m €m Belgian Green retail bonds (200.0) (200.0) - Green RCF (155.0) (102.5) (52.5) Other Green loans (90.0) (105.0) 15.0 Gross borrowings before lease liabilities (445.0) (407.5) (37.5) IAS 17 lease liabilities and other (5.2) (9.1) 3.9 Loan fees 3.1 2.3 0.8 Core cash 79.0 43.7 35.3 Core net debt (368.1) (370.6) 2.5 IFRS 16 lease liabilities (247.9) (245.8) (2.1) Net debt continuing operations (616.0) (616.4) 0.4*The FY23 numbers have been reclassified to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.In August 2023  the Group completed the renewal of its revolving credit facility  part of its Euro denominated multicurrency green finance facility. The size of the revolving credit facility (“RCF”) remains unchanged at €400m and is for an initial five-year term to 2028 with two one-year extension options to 2030 together with a €150m accordion option to increase the facility subject to lender approval at that time. Interest remains based on Euribor plus a margin grid based on leverage and green sustainability metrics performance. Financial covenants remained unchanged and are now tested semi-annually at September and March.The introduction of IFRS 16 on 1 April 2019 brought additional lease liabilities onto the balance sheet with an associated increase in assets. Covenants on our main bank facilities remain on a frozen GAAP basis and exclude IFRS 16 lease liabilities. The Group has complied with its banking covenants during the period. The Group operates a committed invoice discounting programme. The cash received for invoices sold at March 2024 was €116.4m (March 2023: €84.7m).Provisions and contingent liabilitiesFurther to the recognition of the UK Municipal business as asset held for sale all associated long-term onerous contracts are included in the liabilities for disposal group held for sale and outside of the total provisions value in the balance sheet. Looking at provisions in continuing operations around 88% of the Group’s provisions are long-term in nature relating to landfill provisions. The provisions balance classified as due within one year amounts to €21m  including €5m for restructuring  €1m for onerous contracts  €10m for landfill related spend and €5m for environmental  legal and others. Further details are provided in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.Retirement benefitsThe Group has a closed UK defined benefit pension scheme and at 31 March 2024  the scheme had an accounting deficit of €7.6m (FY23: €4.3m). The change in the year was due to lower returns on pension scheme assets which were only partly offset by an increase in the discount rate assumption on scheme liabilities. The triennial actuarial valuation of the scheme as at 5 April 2024 is underway. The Group’s funding plan has been maintained at the current level of €3.5m per annum until December 2024. There are also several defined benefit pension schemes for employees in the Netherlands and Belgium which had a retirement benefit deficit of €5.3m at 31 March 2024  a €0.3m increase from 31 March 2023.Going concernThe Directors have adopted the going concern basis in preparing these consolidated financial statements after assessing the Group’s principal risks. Further details of the modelling and scenarios prepared are set out in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. The key judgement in both scenarios is the possibility of weaker macroeconomic conditions  delivery of the year on year profit enhancements together with the Group’s ability to finance the funding of the UK Municipal exit through its existing RCF and €120m bridge facilities and settle all other funding repayments as they fall due. Having considered all the key judgements around the financial projections  including the availability of financing and the achievability of mitigating actions included and other levers not included  the Directors confirm they have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and to meet all banking covenants.Divisional operating reviewCommercial wasteCommercial Waste Revenue Underlying EBIT Operating profit FY24 FY23 FY24 FY23 FY24 FY23 Netherlands Commercial 911.5 932.0 52.9 76.9 53.2 69.4 Belgium Commercial 476.2 468.4 45.6 52.4 42.9 65.3 Intra-segment revenue (3.0) (3.1) - - - - Total (€m) 1 384.7 1 397.3 98.5 129.3 96.1 134.7 Year on year variance % Netherlands Commercial -2% -31% -23% Belgium Commercial 2% -13% -34% Total -1% -24% -29% Underlying Return on EBIT margin operating assets FY24 FY23 FY24 FY23 Netherlands Commercial 5.8% 8.3% 12.0% 19.3% Belgium Commercial 9.6% 11.2% 27.9% 47.3% Total 7.1% 9.3% 16.3% 25.4%The return on operating assets excludes all landfill related provisions. The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in notes 3 and 18 in the consolidated financial statements.Commercial Waste revenues were lower over FY24 at €1 385m (FY23 €1 397m) versus prior year due to lower recyclate prices and a weaker construction and demolition market in the Netherlands. Underlying EBIT declined to €98.5m (FY23 €129.3m) and operating profit was €96.1m (FY23 €134.7m). Recyclate prices normalised following a sharp peak due to supply-chain disruption during and directly after the Covid pandemic. In the second half of the year  recyclate prices had largely stabilised around pre-covid levels  with the exception of plastics which continued to be lower due to excess supply of low-cost virgin plastic from abroad. Costs increased in line with inflation  with higher labour costs across the division.Throughout Commercial Waste there was a strong focus on cost savings  with headcount reduction and improved asset utilisation helping to offset the exceptionally high inflation. Cash performance was also a top priority  with improvements in working capital management and a phased approach to capital expenditure timing.Commercial Waste NetherlandsMarket developmentsOverall economic activity was subdued in the Netherlands over the period  with GDP growth over 2023 of 0.1% with most growth in the services sector leading to lower volumes overall. In the Construction & Demolition segment  nitrogen deposition caps limited new construction activities across the country  resulting in decreased construction volumes and thus increased competition for the remaining volumes. A fire at AVR  one of the main incinerators in the Netherlands  took significant incineration capacity out of the market.Operational developmentsThrough the period  Commercial Waste Netherlands retained its client base of large construction companies  differentiating itself from competitors with its circular offering  high safety standards and geographic footprint. In order to meet customer demands and achieve its own green ambitions  Renewi purchased a number of electric vehicles which have the added benefit of not contributing to nitrogen deposition.Decreased inbound Construction & Demolition volumes also resulted in decreased outbound recyclate volumes. Over H2  Commercial Waste Netherlands saw a stabilisation of the volumes from this segment. The reduced construction activity is expected to persist until late 2024 or early 2025  after which large residential construction projects currently backlogged around major cities are expected to pick up. The rigid plastics line in Acht was commissioned in the last quarter of FY24  and will ramp up over the course of FY25.Commercial Waste Netherlands had some notable client wins  with zero waste contracts for Schiphol Airport  Rotterdam the Hague Airport  University of Twente and the Ministry of Defence and Custodial Institution Agency. Partnerships were concluded with Shell Refineries Pernis and Moerdijk for total waste management and Vattenfall for the offtake of Green Gas as of Q1FY25.Financial resultsCommercial Waste Netherlands revenues were €911.5m  down 2% year on year driven by weaker volumes from the Construction & Demolition sector and lower recyclate prices. Underlying EBIT was €52.9m  down 31% year on year due to lower recyclate prices and underlying EBIT margin was 5.8%  down from 8.3% in FY23. In order to protect margins through the period of reduced activity  Commercial Waste Netherlands downscaled variable costs in line with the decrease in volumes. Savings were achieved by increasing route density  measures included in the Simplify programme  and a reduction in SG&A. Operating profit was €53.2m  down 23% from €69.4m in FY23. Return on operating assets was 12.0%.Commercial Waste BelgiumMarket developmentsOver the course of FY24  the new VLAREMA 8 legislation was introduced which requires a much more extensive sorting to limit the amount of material going to incineration. This is a positive development for our business and the introduction of this legislation was an important part of the investment case for Renewi’s commissioning of an advanced sorting line in Ghent. As is often the case  the implementation of this regulation had a delay between its effective date and actual enforcement  initially enabling some waste collecting companies to bypass the new sorting and recycling obligation. During the course of the year  Renewi worked with the authorities to find efficient ways of enforcing VLAREMA 8 resulting in increased compliance with the new law and increased volumes to Commercial Waste Belgium’s recycling facilities. Electricity prices were lower than anticipated in FY24  and labour costs increased.Operational highlightsCommercial Waste Belgium commissioned its new advanced sorting line in Ghent in August  ramping up to 83kt of throughput by the end of FY24. A similar advanced sorting line was to be commissioned in Puurs  but was postponed until the enforcement of VLAREMA 8 corresponded with management expectations.Commercial Waste Belgium had some notable client wins  including Total Energies  BPost  Limburg.net  Nike  Puurs-St Amands (public)  Infra group  Molnlycke  VRT  Exel Composites (LA) and Sciensano (Haz Waste)  Total (Feluy) and the wins of SPF Penitentiaire and hospital Mouscron  reflecting our successful approach in the care sector.In terms of new commercial offerings  Commercial Waste Belgium introduced the Zero Waste Container which allows customers to mix 5 waste streams into one container and is fully VLAREMA 8 compliant  which is particularly attractive to customers who have limited space. Commercial Waste Belgium’s food waste offering was also an area of focus over FY24.Financial ResultsCommercial Waste Belgium revenues were €476.2m  up 2% year on year driven by strong volumes helped by the enforcement of the VLAREMA 8 legislation in Flanders. Despite cost measures  underlying EBIT was €45.6m down 13% year on year due to lower recyclate prices and underlying EBIT margin was 9.6%  down from 11.2% in FY23. Operating profit was €42.9m  34% lower year on year. Return on operating assets was 27.9%.Mineralz & WaterMineralz & Water FY24 FY23 Variance €m €m % Revenue 181.6 190.9 -5% Underlying EBIT 9.6 0.5 n/a Underlying EBIT margin 5.3% 0.3% Operating profit 7.3 1.0 n/a Return on operating assets 15.9% 0.8%The return on operating assets excludes all landfill related provisions. The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in notes 3 and 18 in the consolidated financial statements.Market developmentsDue to further product quality improvements and positive long term environmental impact analysis  first signs of recovery in the civil engineering market in which Mineralz & Water is active are visible.Although the concrete and construction markets have shown low momentum  concrete producers have increased interest in the use of recycled materials  following the Dutch “Beton-akkoord” and the EU-directive regarding the use of recycled materials.Developments regarding the presence of PFAS  the emergence of possible new regulations and best available removal techniques continue to be an important topic in the wastewater purification and soil cleaning market. In both markets  these developments can introduce both significant opportunities as well as challenges to meet emerging regulatory requirements.Operational highlightsM&W recovery continued on track over the course of FY24  with the re-design of the production line to produce sand  gravel and filler for use in the concrete and construction industry  rather than the previous unsorted product: Thermally Treated Soil (TGG). As part of this turnaround  adjustments were made to improve the quality and consistency of the sand and filler in order to meet the technical requirements of concrete producers. Further important milestones for entering the concrete market have been reached  including the End of Waste (EOW) certification for gravel and filler. EOW for sand is expected in FY25.Offtake of the remaining inventory of legacy TGG stock is proceeding and in FY24 another 100kton was transferred to buyers.Investments in the efficiency of the packed chemical waste pyrolysis plant have resulted in a new production throughput record.Financial resultsMineralz & Water revenue was down 5% year on year mainly driven by termination of unprofitable activities  including soil washing and bottom ash treatment Underlying EBIT increased to €9.6m from €0.5 for FY23  primarily driven by the turnaround related to soil treatment in H2 FY24  underlying market pricing and efficiency improvements  also resulting in operating profit of €7.3m up from €1m for FY23.Specialities DivisionSpecialities FY24 FY23* Variance €m €m % Revenue 175.2 160.2 9% Underlying EBIT 16.3 15.9 3% Underlying EBIT margin 9.3% 9.9% Operating profit 15.4 17.1 -10% Return on operating assets 28.6% 35.4%The underlying figures above are reconciled to statutory measures in notes 3 and 18 in the consolidated financial statements.*The FY23 numbers have been reclassified to reflect discontinued operations as set out in note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.MalthaPrices for glass cullet increased over the period as demand for recycled glass continued to grow against a scarcity of glass shards.Maltha showed continued excellent performance over FY24  benefitting from price increases  partially offset by increased sourcing costs and cost inflation. Volumes were slightly lower over FY23.An investment in Polyvinyl butyral (PVB) was approved for the Lommel site in Belgium in collaboration with several companies with the objective of being able to recycle this material during FY24/25.The Portugal site has been transformed over recent years  adding a roof  solar panels and more recently installing an improvement in 2024 of an additional external line for processing CSP (ceramics  stone & porcelain) material  large volumes of which would normally be sent to landfill. The focus in the next financial year will be to continue to expand the site to process more material  improving the profitability through increased sales.Maltha’s aim is to become the producer of the best quality cullet in Europe and the supplier of choice to all glass producers. The technology upgrades have also had positive effects on CO 2 emissions  as they are more energy efficient  which supports our clients’ and our own sustainability targets and vision.CoolrecThe market for e-waste continues to provide interesting opportunities for growth. In addition to market growth from increased use of electrical appliances  Extended Producer Schemes continue to up their efforts to increase collection rates and regulators increase requirements for compliant recycling. For instance  in the Netherlands a stimulus campaign aimed to improve compliant treatment of cooling and freezing appliances yielded significant results. In France  the regulator announced the requirement for electrical boilers to be recycled starting January 2025.On the back of these market developments  as well as continued commercial success (e.g. contract extensions with the same or higher volumes)  Coolrec saw record volumes (up c.10% vs FY23). Coolrec is building a new boiler treatment line in the North of France on the back of the new French boiler regulation  operational Q4 of FY25  expecting to add 15kt of volumes over the course of the coming three years.Plastics prices  however  remained significantly depressed as international plastics producers continued to supply virgin plastic at prices below recycled to the European market  as a result of significant increases in production capacity coming online  mostly in Asia. This will remain a point of attention in FY25  and possibly beyond  as the supply/demand balance restores.UK MunicipalAt the Capital Markets Day in October 2023  Renewi announced its intention to conduct a strategic review of the UK municipal business to evaluate divestment due to the drag on cash  poor profit profile and lack of strategic fit. Renewi has announced the divestment of UK Municipal  to be completed before 31 December 2024. As such  UK Municipal’s financial results are held as an asset for sale throughout the financial statements. UK Municipal’s performance over FY24 was in line with expectations.Financial resultsRevenue from Specialities excluding UK Municipal (now disclosed as discontinued operations) was up 9% year on year to €175.2m and underlying EBIT was up 3% to €16.3m with margin falling slightly. Operating profit was €15.4m compared to €17.1m in FY23.Consolidated Income StatementFor the year ended 31 March 20242024 Restated*2023 Note Underlying€m Non-trading& exceptional items€m Total€m Underlying€m Non-trading& exceptional items€m Total€m Revenue 3 4 1 689.2 - 1 689.2 1 703.9 - 1 703.9 Cost of sales 5 (1 351.2) (4.6) (1 355.8) (1 352.6) (7.3) (1 359.9) Gross profit (loss) 338.0 (4.6) 333.4 351.3 (7.3) 344.0 Administrative expenses 5 (232.5) (3.3) (235.8) (219.6) 17.1 (202.5) Operating profit (loss) 3 105.5 (7.9) 97.6 131.7 9.8 141.5 Finance income 5 6 1.5 - 1.5 0.9 - 0.9 Finance charges 5 6 (39.5) - (39.5) (27.7) - (27.7) Share of results from associates and joint ventures 0.5 - 0.5 0.3 - 0.3 Profit (loss) before taxation 3 68.0 (7.9) 60.1 105.2 9.8 115.0 Taxation 5 7 (16.1) 1.2 (14.9) (30.8) 1.8 (29.0) Profit (loss) for the year from continuing operations 51.9 (6.7) 45.2 74.4 11.6 86.0 Discontinued Operations (Loss) profit for the year from discontinued operations 12 (3.5) (72.6) (76.1) 1.2 (20.6) (19.4) Profit (loss) for the year 48.4 (79.3) (30.9) 75.6 (9.0) 66.6 Attributable to: Owners of the parent 45.2 (79.3) (34.1) 71.9 (9.0) 62.9 Non-controlling interests 3.2 - 3.2 3.7 - 3.7 48.4 (79.3) (30.9) 75.6 (9.0) 66.6Note 2024cents 2023cents Earnings per share – total (loss) profit attributable to owners of the parent Basic and diluted 8 (43) 79 Underlying basic and diluted 8 57 90 Earnings per share – profit from continuing operations attributable to owners of the parent Basic and diluted 8 53 104 Underlying basic and diluted 8 61 89* The 2023 comparatives have been restated to reclassify discontinued operations and details are given in note 2 Basis of preparation and note 12.Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive IncomeFor the year ended 31 March 20242024€m Restated*2023€m Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Exchange differences on translation of foreign subsidiaries 5.6 (8.0) Exchange differences on translation of discontinued operations (7.8) 10.5 Fair value movement on cash flow hedges 3.1 (8.6) Fair value movement on cash flow hedges of discontinued operations 1.1 12.3 Deferred tax on fair value movement on cash flow hedges (0.8) 2.3 Deferred tax on fair value movement on cash flow hedges of discontinued operations (0.3) (1.6) Share of other comprehensive income of investments of discontinued operations accounted for using the equity method 0.1 0.3 1.0 7.2 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension schemes (6.7) (15.5) Deferred tax on actuarial loss on defined benefit pension scheme 1.7 3.8 Fair value movement on unlisted investments through other comprehensive income 1.8 - Deferred tax on fair value movement on unlisted investments above (0.1) - (3.3) (11.7) Other comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax (2.3) (4.5) (Loss) profit for the year (30.9) 66.6 Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year (33.2) 62.1 Attributable to: Owners of the parent (36.4) 58.4 Non-controlling interests 3.2 3.7 Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year (33.2) 62.1 Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to owners of the parent arising from: Continuing operations 46.6 56.3 Discontinued operations (83.0) 2.1 (36.4) 58.4* The 2023 comparatives have been restated to reclassify discontinued operations and details are given in note 2 Basis of preparation and note 12.Consolidated Balance SheetAs at 31 March 2024Note 31 March2024€m 31 March2023€m Assets Non-current assets Goodwill and intangible assets 10 633.5 636.3 Property  plant and equipment 10 618.7 617.9 Right-of-use assets 10 253.9 253.1 Investments in joint ventures and associates (restated*) 9.0 10.2 Other investments (restated*) 17.7 4.6 Loans to associates and joint ventures 0.4 0.2 Financial assets relating to PPP contracts - 123.4 Derivative financial instruments 16 0.1 1.2 Other receivables 1.1 3.7 Deferred tax assets 28.0 35.6 1 562.4 1 686.2 Current assets Inventories 23.4 25.2 Investments - 10.9 Loans to associates and joint ventures 0.6 0.8 Financial assets relating to PPP contracts - 7.6 Trade and other receivables 245.6 289.6 Derivative financial instruments 16 1.3 0.4 Current tax receivable 6.2 1.5 Cash and cash equivalents – including restricted cash 11 79.0 62.7 356.1 398.7 Assets classified as held for sale 12 137.7 0.6 493.8 399.3 Total assets 2 056.2 2 085.5 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Borrowings 11 (574.4) (681.6) Derivative financial instruments 16 - (2.6) Other non-current liabilities (11.0) (34.7) Defined benefit pension schemes deficits 15 (12.9) (9.3) Provisions 14 (177.5) (298.2) Deferred tax liabilities (44.9) (46.4) (820.7) (1 072.8) Current liabilities Borrowings 11 (120.6) (66.8) Derivative financial instruments 16 - (1.9) Trade and other payables (473.9) (521.8) Current tax payable (20.5) (31.2) Provisions 14 (21.5) (43.7) (636.5) (665.4) Liabilities of disposal group classified as held for sale 12 (285.0) - (921.5) (665.4) Total liabilities (1 742.2) (1 738.2) Net assets 314.0 347.3 Issued capital and reserves attributable to the owners of the parent Share capital 100.1 99.8 Share premium 474.5 474.1 Exchange reserve (14.4) (12.2) Retained earnings (259.2) (224.5) 301.0 337.2 Non-controlling interests 13.0 10.1 Total equity 314.0 347.3* Restated to show investments in joint ventures and associates separately with details given in note 2 Basis of preparation.Consolidated Statement of Changes in EquityFor the year ended 31 March 2024Sharecapital€m Sharepremium€m Exchange reserve€m Retainedearnings€m Non-controllinginterests€m Totalequity€m Balance at 1 April 2023 99.8 474.1 (12.2) (224.5) 10.1 347.3 (Loss) profit for the year - - - (34.1) 3.2 (30.9) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Exchange loss on translation of foreign subsidiaries - - (2.2) - - (2.2) Fair value movement on cash flow hedges - - - 4.2 - 4.2 Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension schemes - - - (6.7) - (6.7) Fair value movement on unlisted investments - - - 1.8 - 1.8 Tax in respect of other comprehensive income items - - - 0.5 - 0.5 Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method - - - 0.1 - 0.1 Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year - - (2.2) (34.2) 3.2 (33.2) Dividend paid to non-controlling interests - - - - (0.3) (0.3) Share-based compensation - - - 1.2 - 1.2 Proceeds from exercise of employee options 0.3 0.4 - - - 0.7 Own shares purchased by the Employee Share Trust - - - (1.7) - (1.7) Balance as at 31 March 2024 100.1 474.5 (14.4) (259.2) 13.0 314.0 Balance at 1 April 2022 99.5 473.8 (14.7) (276.9) 7.0 288.7 Profit for the year - - - 62.9 3.7 66.6 Other comprehensive income (loss): Exchange gain on translation of foreign subsidiaries - - 2.5 - - 2.5 Fair value movement on cash flow hedges - - - 3.7 - 3.7 Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension schemes - - - (15.5) - (15.5) Tax in respect of other comprehensive income items - - - 4.5 - 4.5 Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method - - - 0.3 - 0.3 Total comprehensive income for the year - - 2.5 55.9 3.7 62.1 Dividend paid to non-controlling interests - - - - (0.6) (0.6) Share-based compensation - - - 2.7 - 2.7 Movement on tax arising on share-based compensation - - - (0.9) - (0.9) Proceeds from exercise of employee options 0.3 0.3 - - - 0.6 Own shares purchased by the Employee Share Trust - - - (5.3) - (5.3) Balance as at 31 March 2023 99.8 474.1 (12.2) (224.5) 10.1 347.3Consolidated Statement of Cash FlowsFor the year ended 31 March 2024Note 2024€m Restated*2023€m Profit before tax from continuing operations 60.1 115.0 Finance income 6 (1.5) (0.9) Finance charges 6 39.5 27.7 Share of results from associates and joint ventures (0.5) (0.3) Operating profit from continuing operations 97.6 141.5 Operating loss from discontinued operations 12 (60.0) (20.1) Impairment of non-current assets within disposal group 12 63.5 - Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets 10 12.4 10.5 Depreciation and impairment of property  plant and equipment 10 71.3 69.5 Depreciation and impairment of right-of-use assets 10 53.2 49.1 Impairment of investment in associate - 0.9 Net gain on disposal of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (1.9) (3.0) Portfolio management and provision movements in non-trading and exceptional items 5 (13.2) 19.9 Net decrease in provisions 14 (20.4) (34.1) Payment related to committed funding of the defined benefit pension schemes (3.5) (3.5) Share-based compensation 1.2 2.7 Operating cash flows before movement in working capital 200.2 233.4 Increase in inventories (1.2) (2.1) Decrease (increase) in receivables 15.7 (12.2) Decrease in payables (9.7) (9.5) Cash flows from operating activities 205.0 209.6 Income tax paid (36.3) (21.2) Net cash inflow from operating activities 168.7 188.4 Investing activities Purchases of intangible assets 10 (13.3) (9.9) Purchases of property  plant and equipment 10 (86.1) (115.0) Proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment 10 20.2 6.8 Acquisition of subsidiary  net of cash acquired 13 (1.4) (53.5) Disposal of subsidiary and business assets net of acquisition of business assets 13 1.6 1.1 Net movements in associates  joint ventures and other short-term investments (0.2) (1.3) Outflows in respect of PPP arrangements under the financial asset model net of capital received 5.9 6.0 Finance income 10.8 10.6 Net cash outflow from investing activities (62.5) (155.2) Financing activities Finance charges and loan fees paid (41.9) (31.3) Investment in own shares by the Employee Share Trust (1.7) (5.3) Proceeds from share issues 0.7 0.6 Dividend paid to non-controlling interest (0.3) (0.6) Repayment of retail bonds - (100.0) Proceeds from bank borrowings 11 439.5 565.0 Repayment of bank borrowings 11 (402.1) (405.6) Repayment of PPP debt 11 (5.3) (8.1) Repayment of obligations under lease liabilities 11 (55.3) (47.5) Net cash outflow from financing activities (66.4) (32.8) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 39.8 0.4 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 1.0 (1.3) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 62.7 63.6 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 103.5 62.7 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year Cash and cash equivalents – relating to continuing operations 11 79.0 62.7 Cash and cash equivalents – within assets held for sale 12 24.5 - 103.5 62.7* The 2023 comparatives have been restated to reclassify discontinued operations and details are given in note 2 Basis of preparation and note 12.Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements1. General informationRenewi plc is a public limited company listed on the London Stock Exchange with a secondary listing on Euronext Amsterdam. Renewi plc is incorporated and domiciled in Scotland under the Companies Act 2006  registered number SC077438. The address of the registered office is 16 Charlotte Square  Edinburgh  EH2 4DF. The nature of the Group’s operations and its principal activities are set out in note 3.2. Basis of preparationThe financial information for the year ended 31 March 2024 as set out in this preliminary announcement does not constitute the statutory accounts of the Group for the relevant year within the meaning of section 435 of the Companies Act 2006. The financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024 are audited. These accounts will be finalised on the basis of the financial information presented by the Directors in the preliminary announcement and will be delivered to the Registrar of Companies following the Company’s annual general meeting. The Consolidated Income Statement  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 March 2023 and the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2023 have been derived from the full Group accounts published in the Annual Report and Accounts 2023 with restatements as explained below. These have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies and on which the report of the independent auditors was unqualified  unmodified and did not contain a statement under section 498(2) or section 498(3) of the Companies Act 2006.The financial information in this preliminary announcement has been prepared with regards to UK adopted international accounting standards. The Group has applied all accounting standards and interpretations issued relevant to its operations and effective for accounting periods beginning on 1 April 2023. The IFRS accounting policies have been applied consistently to all periods presented and throughout the Group for the purpose of the consolidated financial statements.Going concernThe Directors have adopted the going concern basis in preparing these consolidated financial statements after assessing the Group's principal risks including an assessment of the impact of adverse macroeconomic conditions and the funding required for the UK Municipal divestment.The Directors have carried out a comprehensive assessment of the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. This assessment has involved the review of medium-term cash flow and covenant modelling over a 24-month period to 31 March 2026. This includes expectations on the future economic environment as well as other principal risks associated with the Group’s ongoing operations including the expected cash outflow including transaction costs of €154m on the completion of the UK Municipal divestment and the planned repayment of €75m retail bonds in July 2024 and €10m EUPP repayment in December 2025. The assessment includes a base case scenario setting out the Directors’ current expectations of future trading and a downside scenario to assess the potential impact on the Group’s future financial performance.The key judgement in both scenarios is the possibility of weaker macroeconomic conditions  delivery of the year on year profit enhancements together with the Group’s ability to finance the funding of the UK Municipal exit and settle all other funding repayments as they fall due. The repayment of the €75m retail bond in July 2024 will be financed by drawdown on the Group’s revolving credit facility whilst retaining significant liquidity headroom. As set out in the borrowings section  the Group had unutilised committed borrowings of €226.5m at 31 March 2024 available for drawdown subject to the financial covenants. The key financial covenants are leverage ratio which is based on net debt to covenant defined EBITDA and interest cover which is the ratio of covenant defined interest to covenant defined EBIT. The funding for the UK Municipal divestment is forecast to be required in September 2024 and to ensure sufficient headroom is in place the Group has obtained a signed commitment letter for a €120m bridge facility with three of its existing lenders. On completing the relevant facility agreements that will be based on the Group’s existing green finance facility agreement and covenants  the bridge facility will be available for drawdown as and when required and is expected to be in place by July 2024. In addition to this  the Group will continue to utilise its invoice discounting facility whereby certain of its trade receivables are sold for an upfront cash payment on a regular basis. Post this transaction in the base case the Group has sufficient liquidity and headroom in its banking facilities and no covenants are breached at any of the forecast testing dates.The downside scenario includes significantly weaker macroeconomic conditions leading to volume declines below the forecast economic outlook in all our territories in the current year and into FY26. Other downsides include a decline in recyclate prices from the current levels to below long-term averages along with operational downtime in some of our plants and reduced delivery of additional cost savings and operational improvements. These adverse factors before any mitigating actions reduce FY25 and FY26 underlying EBIT by 33% and 30% respectively compared to the base case. A number of mitigating actions have been applied to our downside modelling reducing the underlying EBIT shortfall in FY25 to 16% lower than the base case. These include the postponement of growth capital expenditure  reduction in certain SG&A costs and central contingencies and the rephasing of certain project costs. In this downside scenario the Group retains sufficient liquidity headroom in its banking facilities. The leverage covenant is not breached at any of the forecast testing dates. The interest cover covenant falls close to its covenant level at March 2025 and then starts to increase throughout FY26. There are other possible restructuring programmes under consideration that could be instigated which have not been included in this downside scenario.Given that the interest cover covenant ends up close to its covenant level in the downside scenario a reverse stress test calculation has not been performed.Having considered all the key judgements around the financial projections  including the availability of financing and the achievability of mitigating actions included and other levers not included  the Directors confirm they have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and to meet all banking covenants.In accordance with Provision 31 of the UK Corporate Governance Code  the Directors have also assessed the prospects and financial viability of the Company for a period longer than the 12 months from the approval of the financial statements required in the going concern assessment.Changes in presentationDiscontinued operationsOn 28 September 2023 the Group announced that a comprehensive review of the UK Municipal business was being undertaken  and it was exploring a range of options to achieve an exit from this segment. Towards the end of March 2024  the Board decided to pursue a conclusion with the preferred party and as a result  on 30 May 2024  the Group has entered into a binding agreement to sell UK Municipal to Biffa Limited  a leading UK-wide integrated waste management business. The criteria for asset held for sale have been met after the Board meeting in March 2024 and therefore the UK Municipal assets and liabilities are presented as held for sale. The UK Municipal disposal (previously reported within the Specialities division) meets the definition of a discontinued operation as stated in IFRS 5 Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations  therefore the net results are presented as discontinued operations in the Income Statement and the prior year Income Statement  Statement of Comprehensive Income  Statement of Cash Flows and related notes have been restated.Investments in joint ventures and associatesIn the prior year the investments in joint ventures and associates were combined with other unlisted investments on the face of the balance sheet under the heading ‘Investments.’ In the current year management have improved the disclosure by showing investments in joint ventures and associates separately on the face of the balance sheet.Adoption of new and revised accounting standardsNo accounting standards  amendments or revisions to existing standards or interpretations have been effective which had a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial results or position.The amendment to IAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies requires companies to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. The result of applying the amended requirements is to reduce the volume of accounting policies disclosed.New standards and interpretations not yet adoptedStandards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) are only applicable if endorsed by the UK Endorsement Board (UKEB). At the date of approval of these financial statements there were no new IFRSs or IFRS Interpretation Committee interpretations which were early adopted by the Group.The following amendments are effective for the period beginning 1 April 2024:IAS 7/IFRS 7 (Amendment - Disclosure of Supplier Finance Arrangements)IFRS 16 (Amendment – Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback)IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (Amendment – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current)IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (Amendment – Non-current Liabilities with Covenants)The following amendments are effective for the period beginning 1 April 2025:IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates (Amendment – Lack of Exchangeability)The Group does not expect a significant impact from any of the new accounting standards and amendments.Exchange RatesIn addition to the Group’s presentational currency of Euros  the most significant currency for the Group is Sterling with the closing rate on 31 March 2024 of €1:£0.855 (2023: €1:£0.879) and an average rate for the year ended 31 March 2024 of €1:£0.866 (2023: €1:£0.870).Critical accounting judgements and estimatesThe preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgements  estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities  income and expenditure. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity are set out below and in more detail in the related notes. Critical estimates are defined as those that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on factors including historical experience and expectations of future events that are considered to be relevant and reasonable. These estimates  assumptions and judgements are reviewed on an ongoing basis.Judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policiesUse of alternative performance measuresThe Group uses alternative performance measures as we believe these measures provide additional useful information on the underlying trends  performance and position of the Group. These underlying measures are used by the Group for internal performance analysis and incentive compensation arrangements for employees. The term ‘underlying’ refers to the relevant measure being reported for continuing operations excluding non-trading and exceptional items. These include underlying earnings before interest and tax (underlying EBIT)  underlying profit before tax  underlying profit after tax  underlying earnings per share and underlying EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation). The terms ‘EBIT’  ‘EBITDA’  ‘exceptional items’  ‘adjusted’ and ‘underlying’ are not defined terms under IFRS and may therefore not be comparable with similarly titled profit measures reported by other companies. These measures are not intended to be a substitute for  or superior to  GAAP measurements of profit. A full list of alternative performance measures together with reconciliations are set out in note 18.Non-trading and exceptional itemsIn establishing which items are disclosed separately as non-trading and exceptional to enable a better understanding of the underlying financial performance of the Group  management exercise judgement in assessing the size  nature or incidence of specific items. A policy for non-trading and exceptional items is followed consistently and is submitted to the Audit Committee forannual review. See note 5 for further details of the costs included within this category.Assets held for sale and discontinued operationsManagement has used judgement to determine that the criteria of IFRS 5 Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations have been met  as at 31 March 2024  for the intended disposal of the UK Municipal business that was underway. Management judgement has also been used when determining whether to include certain current assets and current liabilities within the UK Municipal disposal group held for sale and in considering the appropriate treatment of the additional pre-tax loss on remeasurement of the assets held for sale of €63.5m. It is expected that an excess payment is made to the purchaser  therefore there is an impairment under IFRS 5 above the net liability position. This is first allocated to all in IFRS 5 scope non-current assets. IFRS 5 does not provide any guidance regarding how to account for any excess of impairment where in-scope non-current assets are already fully written down. An accounting policy has been adopted where the excess impairment is allocated to the non-current financial assets relating to PPP contracts.Key sources of estimation uncertaintyLandfill related provisionsThe Group has landfill related provisions of €161.9m (2023: €164.5m). These provisions are long term in nature and are recognised at the net present value of the best estimate of the likely future cash flows to settle the Group’s obligations. The period of aftercare post-closure and the level of costs expected are uncertain and could be impacted by changes in inflation  legislation and technology and can vary significantly from site to site. The timings of cash outflows are uncertain and have been based on management’s latest expectations. A discount rate is applied to recognise the time value of money and is unwound over the life of the provision.Onerous contract provisionsOnerous contract provisions arise when the unavoidable costs of meeting contractual obligations exceed the cash flows expected. The Group has total onerous contract provisions of €131.2m (2023: €141.9m)  including those disclosed within disposal group held for sale  which have been provided for at the lower of the net present value of either exiting the contract or fulfilling our obligations under the contract. The most significant component of these provisions relates to UK Municipal PPP contracts which amount to €129.5m (2023: €139.3m)  which have now been transferred to the disposal group as shown in note 12. The provisions have been based on the best estimate of likely future cash flows including assumptions on inflationary increases  tonnage inputs  off-take availability and recyclates pricing. The contracts include revenue inflationary clauses which together with cost inflation are sources of estimation uncertainty. A discount rate is applied to recognise the time value of money and is unwound over the life of the provision.TaxationIn the first instance management will always use deferred tax liabilities  relating to the same tax authority and the same taxable entity  that are already recognised as a source of taxable profits. The recognition of deferred tax assets in excess of the reversal of deferred tax liabilities  particularly in respect of tax losses  is based upon management’s judgement in the calculation of the probable expected taxable profits in the relevant legal entity or tax group against which to utilise the assets in the future. In respect of tax losses  the time expiry period  if any  is also taken into account in the calculation. The Group assesses the availability of future taxable profits using available long-term forecasts. The predictability of income streams is taken into consideration in the recognition of deferred tax assets. The longest period of forecasts used to calculate deferred tax recovery is ten years. This period reflects management’s estimate of the higher probability profit streams due to income streams from internal receivables which are highly predictable and likely to continue for the foreseeable future. The intention is to avoid the recognition of a deferred tax asset that is not ultimately recovered. Provisions have been recognised where necessary in respect of any uncertain tax positions in the Group  including uncertainty over whether the relevant tax authority will accept the tax treatment and are based upon management’s evaluation of the potential outcomes of the relevant discussions with the tax authorities.Other areas of focusWhilst not considered to be critical accounting judgements or key sources of estimation uncertainty  the following are areas of focus for management:Assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of goodwill and other assetsImpairment testing of goodwill is carried out annually at a cash generating unit (CGU) level. The Group estimates the recoverable amount of a CGU using a value in use model which involves an estimation of future cash flows and applying appropriate discount and long-term growth rates. The future cash flows are derived from approved forecasts which have taken into account current and forecast economic conditions. The Group assesses the impairment of tangible assets  intangible assets and investments whenever there is reason to believe that the carrying value may exceed the fair value and where a permanent impairment in value is anticipated. The determination of whether the impairment of these assets is necessary involves the use of estimates that include  but is not limited to  the analysis of the cause  the timing and expected future cash flows.Assumptions used to determine the carrying amount of the Group’s defined benefit pension schemesThe calculation of the present value of the defined benefit pension schemes is determined by using actuarial valuations based on assumptions including discount rate  life expectancy and inflation rates.Waste disposal cost accrualsManagement have used judgement in determining the value of disposal cost accruals with a carrying amount included in accruals and other payables of €45.3m (2023: €51.8m). Included in this is €20.2m (2023: €21.1m) relating to previously processed soil and other materials at ATM. The value is determined by management’s best estimate after carrying out an assessment of the cost per tonne to dispose of the waste based on historical transactions  signed contracts  discussions with potential customers and knowledge of the market  as in some cases there is no observable market data. Management carry out sensitivity analysis on a range of potential outcomes and an increase or reduction of the cost per tonne by 10% would impact the ATM accrual by €2.0m. It is expected that the disposal of certain components will take longer than 12 months and consequently €11m has been recorded as a non-current liability.Consideration of climate changeIn preparing the financial statements  the Directors have considered the impact of climate change  particularly in the context of the risks identified as part of the work on the Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Sustainability is recognised as a growth driver for Renewi  directly aligned to its purpose to protect the world by giving life to used materials  and is considered in all key decisions across all management levels. The Directors have commenced a pilot quantitative exercise based on certain risks identified in the TCFD disclosures and now have models that greatly enhance our understanding of the potential impact of these risks on revenue and operating costs  where relevant.Physical climate change poses risks to our operations and supply chain. However  mitigation measures are either already in place  or are in the process of being further developed. In response to increased impacts from extreme heat  we continually invest to avoid and mitigate the impact of fires as one of the greatest operational risks in the waste industry. These investments are in processes and systems of fire prevention  detection  and suppression.Climate change is not considered to have a material adverse impact on the financial reporting judgements and estimates. In particular  the impact of climate change has been considered in respect of the following areas in both the medium and long term:Going concern and viability of the Group over the next three yearsCash flow forecasts used in the impairment assessments of non-current assets including goodwill  customer contracts and deferred tax assetsCarrying value and useful economic lives of property  plant and equipment.The Directors are aware of the ever-changing risk of climate change and will regularly assess these risks against judgements and estimates made in preparation of the Group’s financial statements.3. Segmental reportingThe Group’s chief operating decision maker is considered to be the Board of Directors. The Group’s reportable segments are determined with reference to the information provided to the Board of Directors  in order for it to allocate the Group’s resources and to monitor the performance of the Group. These segments are unchanged from March 2023 and are set out below:Commercial Waste Collection and treatment of commercial waste in the Netherlands and Belgium. Mineralz & Water Decontamination  stabilisation and re-use of highly contaminated materials to produce certified secondary products for the construction industry in the Netherlands and Belgium. Specialities Processing plants focusing on recycling and diverting specific waste streams. The continuing operations are in the Netherlands  Belgium  France and Portugal  with the UK operations classified as discontinued in the year. Group central services Head office corporate function.The profit measure the Board of Directors uses to evaluate performance is underlying EBIT. The Group accounts for inter-segment trading on an arm’s length basis.The Commercial Waste reportable segment includes the Netherlands Commercial Waste and Belgium Commercial Waste operating segments which have been aggregated and reported as one reportable segment as they operate in similar markets in relation to the nature of the products  services  processes and type of customer.Revenue 2024€m Restated*2023€m Netherlands Commercial Waste 911.5 932.0 Belgium Commercial Waste 476.2 468.4 Intra-segment (3.0) (3.1) Commercial Waste 1 384.7 1 397.3 Mineralz & Water 181.6 190.9 Specialities 175.2 160.2 Inter-segment revenue (52.3) (44.5) Total revenue from continuing operations 1 689.2 1 703.9* The comparatives have been restated to classify the UK Municipal segment (previously reported within the Specialities segment) as a discontinued operation.Results 2024€m Restated*2023€m Netherlands Commercial Waste 52.9 76.9 Belgium Commercial Waste 45.6 52.4 Commercial Waste 98.5 129.3 Mineralz & Water 9.6 0.5 Specialities 16.3 15.9 Group central services (18.9) (14.0) Underlying EBIT from continuing operations 105.5 131.7 Non-trading and exceptional items (note 5) (7.9) 9.8 Operating profit from continuing operations 97.6 141.5 Finance income (note 6) 1.5 0.9 Finance charges (note 6) (39.5) (27.7) Share of results from associates and joint ventures 0.5 0.3 Profit before taxation and discontinued operations 60.1 115.0* The comparatives have been restated to classify the UK Municipal segment (previously reported within the Specialities segment) as a discontinued operation.Net assets Commercial Waste€m Mineralz &Water€m Specialities€m Group central services€m Tax  netdebt and derivatives€m Total continuing operations€m Discontinued operations€m Total€m 31 March 2024 Gross non-current assets 1 148.0 257.7 84.6 44.0 28.1 1 562.4 - 1 562.4 Gross current assets 200.7 26.5 39.6 8.2 86.5 361.5 132.3 493.8 Gross liabilities (392.2) (212.7) (42.9) (49.0) (760.4) (1 457.2) (285.0) (1 742.2) Net assets (liabilities) 956.5 71.5 81.3 3.2 (645.8) 466.7 (152.7) 314.0 31 March 2023 Gross non-current assets 1 143.8 262.6 211.1 31.9 36.8 1 686.2 - 1 686.2 Gross current assets 206.6 35.2 75.0 17.9 64.6 399.3 - 399.3 Gross liabilities (379.3) (216.5) (239.0) (72.9) (830.5) (1 738.2) - (1 738.2) Net assets (liabilities) 971.1 81.3 47.1 (23.1) (729.1) 347.3 - 347.34. RevenueThe following tables show the Group’s continuing revenue by type of service delivered and by primary geographical markets:By type of service Commercial Waste€m Mineralz &Water€m Specialities*€m Inter-segment€m Total€m 2024 Inbound 1 129.0 163.5 34.6 (47.4) 1 279.7 Outbound 165.0 18.1 140.0 (4.6) 318.5 On-site 66.9 - - (0.3) 66.6 Other 23.8 - 0.6 - 24.4 Total revenue 1 384.7 181.6 175.2 (52.3) 1 689.2 2023 restated* Inbound 1 089.6 153.2 27.0 (40.0) 1 229.8 Outbound 218.0 37.7 132.6 (4.3) 384.0 On-site 63.6 - - (0.2) 63.4 Other 26.1 - 0.6 - 26.7 Total revenue 1 397.3 190.9 160.2 (44.5) 1 703.9By geographical market Commercial Waste€m Mineralz &Water€m Specialities*€m Inter-segment€m Total€m 2024 Netherlands 910.2 163.8 78.0 (49.4) 1 102.6 Belgium 474.5 17.8 46.1 (2.9) 535.5 France - - 29.9 - 29.9 Other - - 21.2 - 21.2 Total revenue 1 384.7 181.6 175.2 (52.3) 1 689.2 2023 restated* Netherlands 931.2 159.2 69.3 (42.2) 1 117.5 Belgium 466.1 31.7 46.6 (2.3) 542.1 UK* - - - - - France - - 27.1 - 27.1 Other - - 17.2 - 17.2 Total revenue 1 397.3 190.9 160.2 (44.5) 1 703.9* The comparatives have been restated to classify the UK Municipal segment as a discontinued operation.Revenue from continuing operations recognised at a point in time amounted to €1 460.3m (2023: €1 483.1m) with the remainder recognised over time. The majority of the Commercial Waste and Specialities revenue is recognised at a point in time  whereas for Mineralz & Water 70% of revenue (2023: 62%) is recognised over time.5. Non-trading and exceptional itemsTo improve the understanding of the Group’s financial performance  items which are not considered to reflect the underlying performance are presented as non-trading and exceptional items. Items classified as non-trading and exceptional are disclosed separately due to their size or incidence to enable a better understanding of performance. These include  but are not limited to  significant impairments  significant restructuring of the activities of an entity including employee associated severance costs  acquisition and disposal related transaction costs  significant fires  onerous contracts arising from restructuring activities or if significant in size  profit or loss on disposal of properties or subsidiaries as these are irregular  the impact of terminating hedge derivatives  ineffectiveness of derivative financial instruments  the impact of changing the discount rate on provisions  amortisation of acquisition related intangibles and one-off tax credits or charges. The amortisation charge on acquisition related intangible assets is excluded from underlying results due to its non-trading nature in the same way as other significant items from M&A activity are excluded. The performance of the acquired business is assessed as part of the Group’s underlying revenue and EBIT. By excluding this amortisation charge there is comparability across divisions and reporting periods.2024€m Restated*2023€m Renewi 2.0 improvement programme 1.0 3.7 Portfolio management activity: Merger and acquisition related activity 1.0 - Prior years disposals (2.1) (1.7) Business line closure in the Mineralz & Water division 5.5 - Disposal of business assets in the Mineralz & Water division - (3.8) 4.4 (5.5) Changes in long-term provisions: Changes in discount rate (1.5) 4.1 Release of legal provision relating to the alleged State Aid claim in Belgium - (15.1) (1.5) (11.0) Other items: Restructuring programme 5.8 - Property disposals and other (7.9) - Reversal of prior year property  plant and equipment impairment - (2.0) (2.1) (2.0) Amortisation of acquisition related intangibles 6.1 5.0 Non-trading and exceptional items in profit before tax 7.9 (9.8) Tax on non-trading and exceptional items (1.2) (1.8) Total non-trading and exceptional items in profit after tax (continuing operations) 6.7 (11.6) Discontinued operations: Changes in discount rate (3.2) (5.8) Impairment of non-current assets within disposal group & other related expenses 64.5 - UK Municipal reassessment of onerous contract provisions - 27.1 Ineffectiveness and impact of termination of cash flow hedges (0.2) (0.9) Non-trading and exceptional items in profit before tax 61.1 20.4 Tax on non-trading and exceptional items (see note 12) 11.5 0.2 Total non-trading and exceptional items in profit after tax (discontinued operations) 72.6 20.6 Total non-trading and exceptional items in profit after tax 79.3 9.0* The comparatives have been restated to classify the UK Municipal segment as a discontinued operation.Renewi 2.0 improvement programmeAs noted in the year to March 2023 financial statements  the programme is now completed with final costs of €1.0m coming through and the €20m run rate of savings have now been delivered. The costs in the year of €1.0m (2023: €3.7m) were recorded in administrative expenses.Portfolio management activityDuring the year certain operations in the Mineralz & Water division were ceased  generating a loss of €5.5m  including impairment charge of €2.3m. The current year M&A related activity costs of €1.0m (2023: €nil) relate to strategic initiatives. The prior years disposals credit of €2.1m (2023: €1.7m) related to the release of a provision for a previous business disposal following the closure of outstanding tax matters at 31 March 2024. The credit recognised in the prior year relates to an insurance claim recovery in relation to a prior disposal. In the prior year certain business assets in the Mineralz & Water division were sold generating a profit of €3.8m. These are all recorded in administrative expenses. The line item portfolio management and provision movements in non-trading and exceptional items in the Statement of Cash Flows includes an add back of €2.0m credit (2023: €5.5m) and the line item disposal of subsidiary and business assets net of acquisition of business assets includes the cash inflow of €nil (2023: €1.7m) from portfolio management activity.Changes in long-term provisionsThe credit for changes in discount rate of €1.5m is a result of the annual reassessment of risk free rates which have impacted all long-term provisions. The prior year charge of €4.1m  restated for the reclassification of discontinued operations  related to the annual reassessment of risk free rates which impacted all long-term provisions.On 3 March 2023  the European Commission concluded its formal investigation and determined that the Belgian Walloon Region did not provide State Aid to the Group and therefore the provision of €15.1m has been released.The total credit of €1.5m (2023: €11.0m credit) was split €1.5m (2023: €4.1m charge) to cost of sales and €nil (2023: €15.1m credit) to administrative expenses. The line item portfolio management and provision movements in non-trading and exceptional items in the Statement of Cash Flows reflects an add back of the credit of €4.7m (2023: €25.4m charge) from changes in provisions.Other itemsThe €5.8m restructuring programme cost in the year relates to an ongoing SG&A cost saving programme.The €7.9m credit for property disposals during the year includes profit from the disposal of the Hemweg site in Amsterdam and others.In the prior year the reversal of a prior year property  plant and equipment impairment of €2.0m related to the Maltha CGU within Specialities as a result of improvement in performance.The total credit of €2.1m (2023: €2.0m) was split",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.33,0.18,True,English,"['FY24 Full Year Results', 'Commitments', 'leading UK-wide integrated waste management business', 'existing revolving credit facility', 'competitively priced debt financing', 'challenging Dutch construction market', 'unpredictable UK Municipal liabilities', 'FY24 Full Year Results', 'leading European waste', '€120m bridge facility', 'Otto de Bont', 'advanced recycling markets', 'Onerous Contract Provisions', 'future capital outflows', 'future contractual obligations', 'customary closing adjustments', 'GBP/EUR exchange rate', 'Solid volume development', 'new sales strategy', 'Core net debt', 'free cash flow', 'total cash impact', 'UK Municipal business', 'UK Municipals’ ability', 'UK Listing Rule', 'EBIT margin expansion', 'strong strategic backing', 'UK municipal landscape', 'UK Municipal customers', 'normal course capitalisation', '2.1x EBITDA Dividend', 'UK Municipal operations', 'UK Municipal divestment', 'FY24 Financial Highlights', 'core business', 'management time', 'Commercial Waste', 'UK market', 'net cost', 'nominal cash', 'cash generation', 'financial year', 'financial results', 'UK LAW', 'EUROPEAN UNION', 'final dividend', 'FY24 Strategic', 'continuing operations', 'Operational Highlights', 'strategic review', 'financial position', 'strategic initiatives', 'underlying EBIT', 'WITHDRAWAL) ACT', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'product company', 'binding agreement', 'transformational moment', 'cashflow improvements', 'shareholder value', 'operational expertise', 'separate RNS', 'balance sheet', 'stronger growth', 'shareholder returns', 'scale operator', 'limited suite', 'other consents', 'gross assets', 'Statutory loss', 'lower profits', 'exceptional charge', 'final quarter', 'pre-completion capitalisation', 'The Divestment', 'Transaction Highlights', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'RWI.AS', 'substantial profit', 'other stakeholders', 'statutory profit', 'Netherlands st', 'The Capitalisation', 'transaction costs', 'Renewi plc', 'Biffa Limited', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'PURPOSES', 'ARTICLE', 'REGULATION', 'PART', 'VIRTUE', 'May', 'Commitments', 'Group', 'LSE', 'full-year', 'March', 'September', 'CEO', 'portfolio', 'attractive', 'presence', 'home', 'annum', 'risks', 'OCPs', 'conventional', 'visibility', 'resources', 'combination', 'reduction', 'target', 'medium-term', 'improved', 'margins', 'accelerated', 'deleveraging', 'employees', '31 December', 'receipt', 'regulatory', 'period', 'Disposal', 'tax', 'Revenue', 'FY23', '5p', 'Belgium', 'legislation', 'Volumes', 'implementation']",2024-05-30,2024-05-31,marketscreener.com
41955,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-announces-board-names-founder-140000726.html,VEON Announces Its New Board  Names Founder Augie Fabela as Chairman,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services (the “Company”)  today held its Annual General Meeting (AGM)  during which the Company’s shareholders approved the recommended slate of seven directors as VEON’s new Board of Directors (the “Board”).,"VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  31 May 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services (the “Company”)  today held its Annual General Meeting (AGM)  during which the Company’s shareholders approved the recommended slate of seven directors as VEON’s new Board of Directors (the “Board”). VEON welcomes former U.S. Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo  Sir Brandon Lewis and Duncan Perry  who will serve alongside the incumbent directors Augie K Fabela II  Andrei Gusev  Michiel Soeting and VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu on the Board.Following the AGM  the new Board held its inaugural meeting  and elected VEON’s Founder and Chairman Emeritus Augie K Fabela II as the Chairman.""As the Founder of VEON  it is an honour to return as the Chairman of the Board. VEON serves some of the most dynamic emerging markets that are home to 520 million people  transforming lives and unlocking the potential of the countries where we operate  with our connectivity  digital services in finance  entertainment  health and education  as well as augmented intelligence capabilities ” said Augie Fabela. “I look forward to serving VEON as we continue our growth journey  powered by our pioneering spirit that drives our determination to innovate and to create value for all our stakeholders.""ADVERTISEMENT“We would like to thank all our shareholders for their continued trust in our Company  and warmly welcome the new Board of VEON  chaired by our Founder Augie Fabela ” stated Kaan Terzioglu  VEON Group CEO. “We look forward to working with the Board as VEON’s digital operators deliver growth for all our stakeholders  meeting the surging demand in our markets for digital services and new technologies such as AI.”Holders of approximately 97.9% of the VEON Ltd. shares were represented at the AGM. Shareholders ratified the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. for the audit of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023 in accordance with International Standards on Auditing. It was noted in the meeting that the Company had appointed UHY LLP for the audit of its 2023 consolidated financial statements in accordance with standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board of the United States.Story continuesShareholders also approved the recommended changes to the Company’s Bye-laws to correct a legacy formatting error and standardize the wording enabling the Board to convene electronic meetings of shareholders.The Company would like to thank former directors Morten Lundal  Karen Linehan and Yaroslav Glazunov for their exceptional services to VEON. The profiles of VEON’s incoming Board directors can be found on the Company’s website: www.veon.comAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEONHande Asikpr@veon.com",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.26,0.28,True,English,"['New Board', 'Augie Fabela', 'VEON', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Emeritus Augie K Fabela II', 'Public Company Accounting Oversight Board', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'former U.S. Secretary', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'Michael R. Pompeo', 'Sir Brandon Lewis', 'legacy formatting error', 'Founder Augie Fabela', 'consolidated financial statements', 'global digital operator', 'Annual General Meeting', 'dynamic emerging markets', 'VEON Group CEO', 'incoming Board directors', 'VEON Ltd. shares', 'former directors', 'forward-looking statements', 'digital services', 'digital operators', 'online services', 'seven directors', 'Duncan Perry', 'incumbent directors', 'Andrei Gusev', 'Michiel Soeting', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'inaugural meeting', '520 million people', 'intelligence capabilities', 'pioneering spirit', 'continued trust', 'surging demand', 'new technologies', 'UHY LLP', 'United States', 'electronic meetings', 'Morten Lundal', 'Karen Linehan', 'Yaroslav Glazunov', 'exceptional services', '160 million customers', 'technology-driven services', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'Hande Asik', 'new Board', 'converged connectivity', 'growth journey', 'economic growth', 'International Standards', 'six countries', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '31 May', 'NASDAQ', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'slate', 'Chairman', 'honour', 'lives', 'potential', 'finance', 'entertainment', 'health', 'education', 'determination', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'appointment', 'audit', 'year', 'accordance', 'Story', 'changes', 'Bye-laws', 'wording', 'profiles', 'website', 'world', 'population', 'individuals', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'circumstances', 'dates', 'occurrence']",2024-05-31,2024-05-31,nz.finance.yahoo.com
41956,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-amsterdam-showcases-3-growth-133358618.html,Euronext Amsterdam Showcases 3 Growth Companies With Insider Ownership Peaking At 35%,As global markets exhibit mixed signals with varying performances across major indices  the Netherlands market continues to offer unique investment opportunities. In this context  companies with high insider ownership can be particularly compelling ,As global markets exhibit mixed signals with varying performances across major indices  the Netherlands market continues to offer unique investment opportunities. In this context  companies with high insider ownership can be particularly compelling  as substantial insider stakes often align management's interests with those of shareholders  potentially leading to more dedicated stewardship and long-term strategic planning.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI (ENXTAM:BAI) 27.8% 62.8% Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 67.8% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.3%Click here to see the full list of 6 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's review some notable picks from our screened stocks.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Basic-Fit N.V.  along with its subsidiaries  operates fitness clubs and has a market capitalization of approximately €1.48 billion.Operations: The company generates revenues primarily from two geographic segments: Benelux  which contributes approximately €479.04 million  and France  Spain & Germany combined  contributing about €568.21 million.Insider Ownership: 12%Basic-Fit  a fitness chain in the Netherlands  reported a significant revenue increase to €1.05 billion from €794.57 million year-over-year  though it still posted a net loss of €2.68 million for 2023. Despite recent volatility in its share price  insider transactions have not been substantial in volume over the past three months. Analysts predict a strong potential for profit growth and an above-market forecast revenue growth of 14.9% annually  alongside an expected high return on equity of 26.7% within three years.ENXTAM:BFIT Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a provider of software-as-a-service solutions tailored for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €271.93 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the software and programming segment  amounting to €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.8%MotorK  amidst executive changes  reported a slight dip in Q1 2024 revenues at €11.25 million. Despite a challenging fiscal 2023 with a net loss of €13.25 million  the company is optimistic  projecting its Committed Annual Recurring Revenues to hit €50 million by year-end. While shareholders experienced dilution last year  MotorK's revenue growth forecast at 24% annually outpaces the Dutch market significantly. The firm aims for profitability within three years  supported by robust earnings growth projections of over 100% annually.Story continuesENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. offers postal and logistics services across the Netherlands  Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.65 billion.Operations: The company's revenue is segmented into Packages and Mail in the Netherlands  generating €2.25 billion and €1.35 billion respectively.Insider Ownership: 30.8%PostNL  recently transitioning to profitability  is expected to see notable earnings growth at 24.3% annually over the next three years  outpacing the Dutch market's forecast of 15.8%. However  its revenue growth lags behind at 3.4% per year compared to the market average of 9.2%. The company's financial leverage is high with significant debt levels. Recent financial results indicate a challenging quarter with a net loss and a slight decline in sales from the previous year.ENXTAM:PNL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Summing It All UpReveal the 6 hidden gems among our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener with a single click here.Already own these companies? Bring clarity to your investment decisions by linking up your portfolio with Simply Wall St  where you can monitor all the vital signs of your stocks effortlessly.Elevate your portfolio with Simply Wall St  the ultimate app for investors seeking global market coverage.Seeking Other Investments?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:BFITENXTAM:MTRK and ENXTAM:PNL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.34,0.52,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam', '3 Growth Companies', 'Insider Ownership', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'robust earnings growth projections', 'Committed Annual Recurring Revenues', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'notable earnings growth', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'substantial insider stakes', 'long-term strategic planning', 'two geographic segments', 'automotive retail industry', 'significant debt levels', 'unique investment opportunities', 'past three months', 'BFIT Ownership Breakdown', 'MTRK Ownership Breakdown', 'significant revenue increase', 'next three years', 'Recent financial results', 'Basic-Fit N.V.', 'PostNL N.V.', 'long-term focused analysis', 'global market coverage', 'profit growth', 'revenue growth', 'PNL Earnings', 'high return', 'insider transactions', 'global markets', 'notable picks', 'recent volatility', 'investment decisions', 'Q1 2024 revenues', 'financial leverage', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'market capitalization', 'Dutch market', 'market average', 'mixed signals', 'varying performances', 'major indices', 'dedicated stewardship', 'Envipco Holding', 'Ebusco Holding', 'full list', 'fitness clubs', 'fitness chain', 'net loss', 'share price', 'strong potential', 'service solutions', 'programming segment', 'executive changes', 'slight dip', 'challenging fiscal', 'logistics services', 'challenging quarter', 'slight decline', '6 hidden gems', 'single click', 'vital signs', 'ultimate app', 'Other Investments', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'other vehic', 'market forecast', 'Netherlands market', 'Benelux Union', 'The Netherlands', 'previous year', 'MotorK plc', 'context', 'management', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'ENXTAM', 'BAI', '6 stocks', 'Overview', 'subsidiaries', 'Operations', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'volume', 'Analysts', 'equity', 'May', 'provider', 'software', 'Italy', 'year-end', 'dilution', 'firm', 'profitability', 'Story', 'postal', 'Europe', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'sales', 'clarity', 'portfolio', 'investors', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'insiders', '9.']",2024-05-31,2024-05-31,finance.yahoo.com
41957,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240531353629/en/MEMSCAP---Minutes-of-the-Annual-Ordinary-Shareholders%E2%80%99-Meeting-of-May-31-2024,MEMSCAP - Minutes of the Annual Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of May 31  2024,GRENOBLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: MEMSCAP (Euronext Paris: MEMS)  leading provider of high-accuracy  high-stability pressure sensor solutions for the aerospace and medical markets using MEMS technology (Micro Electro Mechanical Systems ...,GRENOBLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MEMSCAP (Euronext Paris: MEMS)  leading provider of high-accuracy  high-stability pressure sensor solutions for the aerospace and medical markets using MEMS technology (Micro Electro Mechanical Systems)  today announces that its annual ordinary shareholders’ meeting was held on May 31  2024  at 5:00 PM in the Company headquarters located at Parc Activillage des Fontaines  Bernin (38) - France.At the shareholders’ meeting held on May 31  2024  MEMSCAP’s shareholders approved with a very large majority all meeting resolutions.Shareholders present at the meeting  voting by proxy or by post represented 2 032 784 voting shares (26.39% of the total number of voting shares) and 2 688 189 voting rights (31.91% of the total number of voting rights).About MEMSCAPMEMSCAP is a leading provider MEMS based pressure sensors  best-in-class in term of precision and stability (very low drift) for two market segments: aerospace and medical.MEMSCAP also provides variable optical attenuators (VOA) for the optical communications market.For more information  visit our website at: www.memscap.comMEMSCAP is listed on Euronext Paris (Euronext Paris - Memscap - ISIN code: FR0010298620 - Ticker symbol: MEMS),neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Annual Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'MEMSCAP', 'Minutes', 'May', '2024', 'leading provider MEMS based pressure sensors', 'high-accuracy, high-stability pressure sensor solutions', 'Micro Electro Mechanical Systems', 'Parc Activillage des Fontaines', 'annual ordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'two market segments', 'variable optical attenuators', 'optical communications market', 'MEMS technology', 'meeting resolutions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'Company headquarters', 'large majority', '2,032,784 voting shares', 'total number', '2,688,189 voting rights', 'low drift', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker symbol', 'medical markets', 'GRENOBLE', 'France', 'MEMSCAP', 'aerospace', 'May', '5:00 PM', 'Bernin', 'proxy', 'post', 'class', 'term', 'precision', 'VOA', 'information', 'website']",2024-05-31,2024-05-31,businesswire.com
41958,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-companies-insider-060510462.html,Euronext Paris Growth Companies With Insider Ownership Above 10%,Amidst a backdrop of mixed performances across major global indices  the French market has shown resilience with the CAC 40 index experiencing moderate fluctuations. This environment underscores the potential stability offered by growth companies in France ,Amidst a backdrop of mixed performances across major global indices  the French market has shown resilience with the CAC 40 index experiencing moderate fluctuations. This environment underscores the potential stability offered by growth companies in France  particularly those with significant insider ownership  which can be a marker of confidence in the company's future prospects.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 24.4% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.4% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 24.9% 92.9% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 68.8%Click here to see the full list of 22 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Here we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Believe S.A. operates as a digital music service provider for independent labels and local artists across various regions including France  Germany  Europe  the Americas  Asia  Oceania  and the Pacific  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.46 billion.Operations: Believe S.A.'s revenue is primarily generated through Premium Solutions  which brought in €825.12 million  and Automated Solutions  contributing €55.19 million.Insider Ownership: 10.9%Believe S.A. is trading at a significant discount  marked 58.2% below its estimated fair value  suggesting potential for growth as it aims to become profitable within three years with earnings expected to increase sharply. Despite slower revenue growth at 14% annually compared to some market benchmarks  this rate surpasses the average French market growth of 5.8%. However  its forecasted Return on Equity remains low at 10.7%  indicating challenges in generating shareholder returns from equity investments. Recent takeover bids and strategic interest from larger industry players like Warner Music highlight Believe's perceived value and potential in the competitive digital music sector.ENXTPA:BLV Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €475.92 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%MedinCell  a French pharmaceutical company  is poised for significant growth with its revenue expected to increase by 40.1% annually  outpacing the broader French market's 5.8% growth rate. Despite recent shareholder dilution and a highly volatile share price  MedinCell trades at 64.8% below its estimated fair value  indicating potential undervaluation. The company is forecast to turn profitable within three years  supported by innovative drug developments like TEV-‘749 for schizophrenia and collaborations such as the $35 million deal with AbbVie. However  MedinCell faced setbacks in its Phase 3 trial for F14 not meeting primary endpoints in pain management post-knee surgery.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★★Overview: VusionGroup S.A. offers digitalization solutions for commerce across Europe  Asia  and North America  with a market capitalization of approximately €2.23 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue primarily through the installation and maintenance of electronic shelf labels  totaling approximately €801.96 million.Insider Ownership: 13.5%VusionGroup S.A.  a French growth company  reported a substantial increase in earnings and revenue for 2023  with sales rising to €801.96 million and net income reaching €79.77 million. Analysts predict VusionGroup's revenue will grow at 24.4% annually  surpassing the French market's 5.8%. Despite high volatility in its share price over the last three months  insider ownership remains stable with no significant selling or buying reported recently. The company’s robust earnings growth is expected to continue significantly above market trends.ENXTPA:VU Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Next StepsUnlock our comprehensive list of 22 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership by clicking here.Already own these companies? Link your portfolio to Simply Wall St and get alerts on any new warning signs to your stocks.Discover a world of investment opportunities with Simply Wall St's free app and access unparalleled stock analysis across all markets.Searching for a Fresh Perspective?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:BLVENXTPA:MEDCL ENXTPA:VU.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.28,0.45,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Companies', 'Insider Ownership', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'La Française de l', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'digital music service provider', 'competitive digital music sector', 'average French market growth', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'VusionGroup S.A.', 'major global indices', 'Recent takeover bids', 'larger industry players', 'acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'innovative drug developments', 'new warning signs', 'unparalleled stock analysis', 'robust earnings growth', 'Believe S.A.', 'recent shareholder dilution', 'electronic shelf labels', 'significant insider ownership', 'last three months', 'broader French market', 'volatile share price', 'French growth company', 'slower revenue growth', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'significant growth', 'Warner Music', 'high volatility', '5.8% growth rate', 'independent labels', 'shareholder returns', 'BLV Earnings', 'market capitalization', 'three years', 'market benchmarks', 'market trends', 'significant discount', 'significant selling', 'mixed performances', 'CAC 40 index', 'moderate fluctuations', 'future prospects', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'local artists', 'various regions', 'Premium Solutions', 'Automated Solutions', 'strategic interest', 'pharmaceuticals segment', '$35 million deal', 'Phase 3 trial', 'primary endpoints', 'pain management', 'post-knee surgery', 'digitalization solutions', 'North America', 'substantial increase', 'net income', 'VU Earnings', 'Next Steps', 'comprehensive list', 'investment opportunities', 'free app', 'Fresh Perspective', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fair value', 'potential stability', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'equity investments', 'potential undervaluation', 'preferred stocks', '22 stocks', 'backdrop', 'resilience', 'environment', 'France', 'marker', 'confidence', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', 'subset', 'Overview', 'Germany', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'Oceania', 'Pacific', 'Operations', 'challenges', 'May', 'Story', 'schizophrenia', 'collaborations', 'AbbVie', 'setbacks', 'F14', 'commerce', 'installation', 'maintenance', 'sales', 'Analysts', 'buying', 'portfolio', 'alerts', 'world', 'markets', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary']",2024-05-31,2024-05-31,finance.yahoo.com
41959,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/may-2024-spotlight-euronext-amsterdam-050657648.html,May 2024 Spotlight On Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership,As global markets exhibit mixed signals with technology sectors reaching new highs and traditional industries facing challenges  the Netherlands market offers a unique landscape for investors. This article will explore three growth companies listed on Euronext Amsterdam that not only demonstrate robust potential but also feature high insider ownership ,As global markets exhibit mixed signals with technology sectors reaching new highs and traditional industries facing challenges  the Netherlands market offers a unique landscape for investors. This article will explore three growth companies listed on Euronext Amsterdam that not only demonstrate robust potential but also feature high insider ownership  suggesting strong confidence from those most familiar with the companies' inner workings in these turbulent times.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI (ENXTAM:BAI) 27.8% 62.8% Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 67.8% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.3%Click here to see the full list of 6 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.ADVERTISEMENTLet's dive into some prime choices out of from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Basic-Fit N.V. operates a chain of fitness clubs across Europe  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.48 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue through its fitness clubs in two main segments: Benelux at €479.04 million and France  Spain & Germany at €568.21 million.Insider Ownership: 12%Basic-Fit  a fitness chain in the Netherlands  demonstrated significant growth with its 2023 revenue reaching €1.05 billion  up from €794.57 million the previous year. Despite a net loss of €2.68 million  improvements were noted compared to last year's €3.69 million loss. Analysts expect Basic-Fit's earnings to grow substantially at 66.07% annually and forecast it becoming profitable within three years  outpacing average market growth predictions for the Dutch market at 9.2% per year.Story continuesENXTAM:BFIT Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a provider of software-as-a-service solutions tailored for the automotive retail sector across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €271.93 million.Operations: The company generates revenue primarily through its software and programming segment  which amounted to €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.8%MotorK  a Netherlands-based company  reported a slight decline in quarterly revenue from €11.43 million to €11.25 million as of March 2024 but showed strong annual growth with revenues rising from €38.55 million to €42.94 million by December 2023. Despite recent leadership changes and an increased net loss of €13.25 million  MotorK is optimistic  projecting its Committed Annual Recurring Revenues to hit €50 million for 2024. The firm's earnings are expected to surge impressively at an annual rate of over 100%  although it has experienced some shareholder dilution over the past year.ENXTAM:MTRK Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. offers postal and logistics services across the Netherlands  Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.65 billion.Operations: The company's revenue is primarily derived from its Packages and Mail in The Netherlands segments  generating €2.25 billion and €1.35 billion respectively.Insider Ownership: 30.8%PostNL  while trading at 47.8% below its estimated fair value  faces challenges with a recent net loss of €20 million and a decline in quarterly sales to €763 million. However  the company anticipates significant earnings growth at 24.3% per year over the next three years  outpacing the Dutch market's 15.8%. Despite slower revenue growth projections of 3.4% annually compared to the broader market's 9.2%  PostNL expects a substantial improvement in Return on Equity  forecasted at 27.5%.ENXTAM:PNL Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Taking AdvantageEmbark on your investment journey to our 6 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership selection here.Already own these companies? Bring clarity to your investment decisions by linking up your portfolio with Simply Wall St  where you can monitor all the vital signs of your stocks effortlessly.Take control of your financial future using Simply Wall St  offering free  in-depth knowledge of international markets to every investor.Looking For Alternative Opportunities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:BFIT ENXTAM:MTRK and ENXTAM:PNL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'May 2024', 'Spotlight', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'average market growth predictions', 'High Insider Ownership selection', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Committed Annual Recurring Revenues', 'slower revenue growth projections', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'three growth companies', 'strong annual growth', 'two main segments', 'automotive retail sector', 'recent leadership changes', 'free, in-depth knowledge', 'significant earnings growth', 'BFIT Ownership Breakdown', 'PNL Ownership Breakdown', 'next three years', 'long-term focused analysis', 'recent net loss', 'Basic-Fit N.V.', 'PostNL N.V.', 'The Netherlands segments', 'significant growth', 'annual rate', 'strong confidence', 'market capitalization', '€3.69 million loss', 'Dutch market', 'broader market', 'MTRK Earnings', 'Netherlands market', 'global markets', 'mixed signals', 'technology sectors', 'new highs', 'traditional industries', 'unique landscape', 'robust potential', 'inner workings', 'turbulent times', 'Envipco Holding', 'Ebusco Holding', 'full list', 'prime choices', 'fitness clubs', 'service solutions', 'programming segment', 'shareholder dilution', 'logistics services', 'fair value', 'quarterly sales', 'substantial improvement', 'investment journey', 'investment decisions', 'vital signs', 'financial future', 'international markets', 'Alternative Opportunities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'quarterly revenue', 'Netherlands-based company', 'previous year', 'last year', 'past year', 'fitness chain', 'Benelux Union', 'slight decline', 'MotorK plc', '2023 revenue', 'challenges', 'investors', 'article', 'ENXTAM', 'BAI', '6 stocks', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'Overview', 'Europe', 'Operations', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'improvements', 'Analysts', 'Story', 'May', 'provider', 'software', 'Italy', 'March', 'December', 'firm', 'postal', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'Return', 'Equity', 'Advantage', 'clarity', 'portfolio', 'control', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', '9.']",2024-05-31,2024-05-31,uk.finance.yahoo.com
41960,EuroNext,Bing API,https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/3-key-euronext-paris-dividend-060417189.html,3 Key Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks Offering Up To 7.2% Yield,In this context  dividend stocks on the Euronext Paris stand out as potential candidates for those seeking to generate income through investments that offer up to 7.2% yield. Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.11% Samse (ENXTPA ...,Amid a backdrop of fluctuating European markets with France's CAC 40 Index recently experiencing a modest decline  investors are keenly observing opportunities for stable returns. In this context  dividend stocks on the Euronext Paris stand out as potential candidates for those seeking to generate income through investments that offer up to 7.2% yield.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.11% ★★★★★★ Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 8.40% ★★★★★★ CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.35% ★★★★★★ Fleury Michon (ENXTPA:ALFLE) 5.58% ★★★★★☆ Métropole Télévision (ENXTPA:MMT) 9.06% ★★★★★☆ VIEL & Cie société anonyme (ENXTPA:VIL) 3.76% ★★★★★☆ Sanofi (ENXTPA:SAN) 4.25% ★★★★★☆ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 3.94% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 3.71% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 7.17% ★★★★★☆Click here to see the full list of 34 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.ADVERTISEMENTHere we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Groupe Guillin S.A. is a company based in France that manufactures and distributes food packaging products globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.54 billion.Operations: Groupe Guillin S.A. generates its revenues primarily from the production and distribution of food packaging solutions across various international markets.Dividend Yield: 3.8%Groupe Guillin's recent earnings surged to €75.43 million  with a notable increase in EPS from €2.76 to €4.08 year-over-year  reflecting robust profitability. Despite this growth  its dividend yield at 3.75% remains below the French market's top quartile of 5.17%. The dividends are well-supported by earnings and cash flows  with payout ratios of 22.6% and 18.5%  respectively; however  the company has experienced volatility in its dividend payments over the past decade  indicating some instability despite recent financial improvements and trading significantly below estimated fair value.Story continuesENXTPA:ALGIL Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Groupe LDLC société anonyme is an online retailer specializing in IT and high-tech equipment  with a market capitalization of approximately €99.94 million.Operations: Groupe LDLC société anonyme generates €580.38 million from the distribution of computer equipment and related services.Dividend Yield: 7.2%Groupe LDLC offers a high dividend yield at 7.25%  ranking in the top 25% in the French market  yet its sustainability is questionable as dividends are not well supported by earnings or cash flows. Although the company's dividends have shown growth over the past decade  they have also been marked by significant volatility and unreliability. Despite these challenges  LDLC's shares trade at a 7.4% discount to estimated fair value and earnings are expected to grow significantly.ENXTPA:ALLDL Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★★Overview: Rubis operates bulk liquid storage facilities for commercial and industrial customers across Europe  Africa  and the Caribbean  with a market capitalization of approximately €3.35 billion.Operations: Rubis generates €6.58 billion from Energy Distribution and €48.64 million from Renewable Electricity Production.Dividend Yield: 6.1%Rubis offers a compelling 6.11% dividend yield  placing it among the top 25% of French dividend payers. The company's dividends have grown and remained stable over the last decade  supported by a reasonable payout ratio of 57.7% and cash payout ratio of 73.4%. Despite trading at a significant discount to fair value and recent earnings growth of 34.5%  Rubis faces challenges from high debt levels and potential impacts from new tax policies estimated to affect net income by €20-25 million.ENXTPA:RUI Dividend History as at May 2024Next StepsReveal the 34 hidden gems among our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener with a single click here.Already own these companies? Link your portfolio to Simply Wall St and get alerts on any new warning signs to your stocks.Enhance your investing ability with the Simply Wall St app and enjoy free access to essential market intelligence spanning every continent.Curious About Other Options?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:ALGIL ENXTPA:ALLDL and ENXTPA:RUI.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.3,0.41,True,English,"['3 Key Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', '7.2% Yield', 'Métropole Télévision', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis', 'Groupe LDLC société anonyme', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', 'Cie société anonyme', 'bulk liquid storage facilities', 'Simply Wall St app', 'Groupe Guillin S.A.', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'high dividend yield', 'compelling 6.11% dividend yield', 'ALGIL Dividend History', 'food packaging products', 'food packaging solutions', 'high debt levels', 'new tax policies', 'new warning signs', 'French dividend payers', 'reasonable payout ratio', 'ALLDL Dividend History', 'RUI Dividend History', 'various international markets', 'essential market intelligence', 'recent financial improvements', 'Renewable Electricity Production', 'cash payout ratio', 'long-term focused analysis', 'top quartile', 'recent earnings growth', 'dividend payments', 'preferred stocks', 'payout ratios', 'European markets', 'French market', 'cash flows', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'market capitalization', 'CAC 40 Index', 'modest decline', 'stable returns', 'potential candidates', 'CBo Territoria', 'Fleury Michon', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'full list', 'notable increase', 'robust profitability', 'past decade', 'fair value', 'online retailer', 'high-tech equipment', 'computer equipment', 'related services', 'industrial customers', 'last decade', 'potential impacts', 'Next Steps', '34 hidden gems', 'single click', 'investing ability', 'free access', 'Other Options', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'ALGIL ENXTPA', 'significant volatility', 'significant discount', 'net income', 'Energy Distribution', 'ENXTPA:RUI', '34 stocks', '7.2% yield', '7.4% discount', 'backdrop', 'France', 'investors', 'opportunities', 'context', 'investments', 'Samse', 'CBOT', 'ALFLE', 'MMT', 'VIEL', 'VIL', 'Sanofi', 'ALEXA', 'Arkema', 'AKE', 'ALPDX', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'subset', 'Overview', 'Operations', 'revenues', 'year', 'dividends', 'instability', 'May', 'sustainability', 'unreliability', 'challenges', 'shares', 'commercial', 'Africa', 'Caribbean', 'companies', 'portfolio', 'alerts', 'continent', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'feedback', 'content', 'touch', 'Alt']",2024-05-31,2024-05-31,au.finance.yahoo.com
