UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
41622,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/598236-g7-russian-assets-decision/,G7 fails to finalize plans for tapping Russian assets,The G7 has not reached a consensus on how to get the revenue from frozen Russian central bank assets to Ukraine  Italy has said Read Full Article at RT.com,Redirecting the money to Kiev still poses a slew of technical and legal problems  Italy saysThe G7 has not reached a consensus on how to use the revenue generated by Russian central bank assets frozen abroad to help Ukraine  Italian Economy Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti announced on Saturday.Italy holds the group’s presidency this year  and hosted this week’s two-day meeting of the G7 finance ministers in the town of Stresa.At a press conference at the end of the summit  Giorgetti said the group made progress on the Russian assets issue  but “has yet to finalize” the process because it still “presents significant technical and legal problems.”Speaking to reporters on Friday  he added that the parties were trying to reach a “politically desirable solution” that would be “incontestable from a legal point of view ” and finding it takes time. Giorgetti noted that the final decisions for the move will likely be made at the June G7 leaders’ summit in Puglia.Following the start of the Ukraine conflict in early 2022  Western countries blocked around $300 billion in assets belonging to Russia’s central bank as part of the sanctions on Moscow. Roughly two-thirds of these funds are held in the EU clearing house Euroclear  and the rest is mostly sitting untapped in other EU nations  with around $5 billion in the US.While Washington has been eager to seize the assets outright  the G7 is reportedly not considering this option due to concerns of its European members that it would damage their financial credibility and discourage other countries from keeping their assets in the bloc. Instead  the group is focused on ways to tap the profits generated by the assets  and how to use them.According to reports citing the summit’s attendees  one of the most widely discussed options is using future profits from the frozen funds as collateral for a multibillion-dollar loan to Kiev. However  German Finance Minister Christian Lindner told reporters on Friday that “it is still to be seen whether it will be possible to introduce such an instrument” due to the legal repercussions it may bring.Another option that has reportedly been discussed is allocating the proceeds from the frozen assets directly to Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky  with 90% of the sum to be used on weapons purchases  while the remaining 10% would go to the reconstruction of the country.Russia has warned against any actions targeting its assets  saying they would amount to theft  while vowing retaliation. Earlier this week  President Vladimir Putin signed a decree outlining a mechanism that would allow Moscow to seize property owned by US-linked entities and citizens through court if Washington attempts to confiscate Russian assets held abroad.For more stories on economy & finance visit RT's business section,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,negative,0.02,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'G7', 'plans', 'German Finance Minister Christian Lindner', 'Italian Economy Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', 'Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky', 'June G7 leaders’ summit', 'Russian central bank assets', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'politically desirable solution', 'EU clearing house', 'G7 finance ministers', 'other EU nations', 'Russian assets issue', 'The G7', 'other countries', 'legal problems', 'two-day meeting', 'press conference', 'legal point', 'final decisions', 'Western countries', 'European members', 'financial credibility', 'multibillion-dollar loan', 'legal repercussions', 'weapons purchases', 'US-linked entities', 'business section', 'significant technical', 'Ukraine conflict', 'future profits', 'money', 'Kiev', 'slew', 'Italy', 'consensus', 'revenue', 'Saturday', 'group', 'presidency', 'week', 'town', 'Stresa', 'end', 'progress', 'process', 'reporters', 'Friday', 'parties', 'view', 'time', 'move', 'Puglia', 'start', 'early 2022', 'sanctions', 'Moscow', 'two-thirds', 'funds', 'Euroclear', 'rest', 'Washington', 'option', 'concerns', 'bloc', 'ways', 'reports', 'collateral', 'instrument', 'proceeds', 'reconstruction', 'country', 'actions', 'theft', 'retaliation', 'decree', 'mechanism', 'property', 'citizens', 'court', 'stories']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,rt.com
41623,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.breitbart.com/europe/2024/05/25/g7-talks-plans-to-use-frozen-russian-assets-to-fund-ukraine-war/,G7 Talks Plans to Use Frozen Russian Assets to Fund Ukraine War,The Group of Seven (G7) nations said they had moved toward an agreement on squeezing more money from frozen Russian assets to give Ukraine.The post G7 Talks Plans to Use Frozen Russian Assets to Fund Ukraine War appeared first on Breitbart.,FRANKFURT  Germany (AP) – Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies said they had moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries. But the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a June summit of national leaders.“We are making progress in our discussions on potential avenues to bring forward the extraordinary profits stemming from immobilized Russian sovereign assets to the benefit of Ukraine ” the draft statement said  without providing details.Despite the progress made at the the meeting in Stresa  on the shores of Lago Maggiore in northern Italy  a final decision on how the assets will be used will rest with the G7 national leaders  including U.S. President Joe Biden  next month at their annual summit in Fasano  in southern Italy.Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti said that “progress has been made so far” but that there were “legal and technical issues that have to be overcome.”“It is not an easy task but we are working on it ” he said at a news conference following the end of the meeting.Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko joined the finance ministers and central bank heads at their concluding session on Saturday.The U.S. Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize the roughly $5 billion in Russian assets located in the U.S.  but European countries have a strong voice in the matter since most of the $260 billion in Russian central bank assets frozen after the Feb. 24  2022  invasion are held in their jurisdictions.Citing legal concerns  European officials have balked at outright confiscating the money and handing it to Ukraine as compensation for the destruction caused by Russia.German State PM: Give Russian Mega-Yachts to Open Borders Activists https://t.co/9Yq8O9wFjv — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) March 10  2022Instead  they plan use the interest accumulating on the assets  but that’s only around $3 billion a year – about one month’s financing needs for the Ukrainian government.U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is pushing for borrowing against the future interest income from the frozen assets. That would mean Ukraine could be given as much as $50 billion immediately.But the proposal has run into concerns from European members about the legal complexities  and about concerns that Russia could retaliate against the diminished number of Western companies and individuals who still have holdings in Russia  or against the Euroclear securities depository in Belgium where the bulk of the funds is held.Russia has published a decree from President Vladimir Putin allowing confiscation of assets of U.S. companies and individuals as compensation for any Russian assets seized in the United States.The ministers also discussed what to do about China’s outsized  state-backed production of green energy technology  which the U.S. considers a threat to the global economy. The U.S. has imposed major new tariffs on electric vehicles  semiconductors  solar equipment and medical supplies imported from China. Included is a 100% tariff on Chinese-made EVs  meant to protect the U.S. economy from cheap Chinese imports.The U.S. position has been that Chinese overcapacity is an issue not just for the U.S. but also for other G7 and developing countries. That’s because China’s selling of low-priced goods threatens the existence of competing companies around the world.The G7 is an informal forum that holds an annual summit to discuss economic policy and security issues. The member countries are Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  the United Kingdom and the United States. Representatives of the European Union also take part  but the EU does not serve as one of the rotating chairs.,neutral,0.03,0.61,0.36,negative,0.02,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Frozen Russian Assets', 'G7 Talks', 'Ukraine War', 'Plans', 'U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', 'Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'U.S. President Joe Biden', 'The U.S. Congress', 'The U.S. position', 'Russian central bank assets', 'central bank heads', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. economy', 'U.S. companies', 'Seven rich democracies', 'German State PM', 'Euroclear securities depository', 'outsized, state-backed production', 'green energy technology', 'major new tariffs', 'U.S. proposal', 'cheap Chinese imports', 'future interest income', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'G7 national leaders', 'The G7', 'Finance officials', 'Biden administration', 'Ukrainian government', 'finance ministers', 'Russian Mega-Yachts', 'global economy', 'Chinese overcapacity', 'Russian assets', 'Western companies', 'other G7', 'competing companies', 'final deal', 'June summit', 'potential avenues', 'extraordinary profits', 'draft statement', 'Lago Maggiore', 'final decision', 'annual summit', 'technical issues', 'easy task', 'news conference', 'concluding session', 'strong voice', 'European officials', 'Breitbart London', 'one month', 'financing needs', 'European members', 'diminished number', 'United States', 'electric vehicles', 'solar equipment', 'medical supplies', 'Chinese-made EVs', 'low-priced goods', 'informal forum', 'economic policy', 'security issues', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'rotating chairs', 'European countries', 'developing countries', 'member countries', 'northern Italy', 'southern Italy', 'legal complexities', 'legal concerns', 'FRANKFURT', 'Germany', 'Group', 'agreement', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'progress', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'details', 'meeting', 'Stresa', 'shores', 'Fasano', 'end', 'Saturday', 'legislation', 'matter', 'Feb.', 'invasion', 'jurisdictions', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'Open', 'Borders', 'Activists', '9Yq8O9wFjv', 'BreitbartLondon', 'individuals', 'holdings', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'funds', 'decree', 'confiscation', 'China', 'threat', 'semiconductors', '100% tariff', 'existence', 'world', 'Canada', 'France', 'Japan', 'Representatives', 'part']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,breitbart.com
41624,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.startribune.com/g7-officials-make-progress-but-no-final-deal-on-money-for-ukraine-from-frozen-russian-assets/600368665/,G7 officials make progress but no final deal on money for Ukraine from frozen Russian assets,Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies said they had moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries. But the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a…,"FRANKFURT  Germany — Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies said they had moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries. But the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a June summit of national leaders.''We are making progress in our discussions on potential avenues to bring forward the extraordinary profits stemming from immobilized Russian sovereign assets to the benefit of Ukraine '' the draft statement said  without providing details.Despite the progress made at the the meeting in Stresa  on the shores of Lago Maggiore in northern Italy  a final decision on how the assets will be used will rest with the G7 national leaders  including U.S. President Joe Biden  next month at their annual summit in Fasano  in southern Italy.Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti said that ''progress has been made so far'' but that there were ''legal and technical issues that have to be overcome.''''It is not an easy task but we are working on it '' he said at a news conference following the end of the meeting.Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko joined the finance ministers and central bank heads at their concluding session on Saturday. ''I am satisfied with the progress "" he told journalists afterwards. He said the G7 ministers ''are working very hard to find a reliable construction for Ukraine.''The U.S. Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize the roughly $5 billion in Russian assets located in the U.S.  but European countries have a strong voice in the matter since most of the $260 billion in Russian central bank assets frozen after the Feb. 24  2022  invasion are held in their jurisdictions.Citing legal concerns  European officials have balked at outright confiscating the money and handing it to Ukraine as compensation for the destruction caused by Russia.Instead  they plan use the interest accumulating on the assets  but that's only around $3 billion a year — about one month's financing needs for the Ukrainian government.U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is pushing for borrowing against the future interest income from the frozen assets. That would mean Ukraine could be given as much as $50 billion immediately.But the proposal has run into concerns from European members about the legal complexities  and about concerns that Russia could retaliate against the diminished number of Western companies and individuals who still have holdings in Russia  or against the Euroclear securities depository in Belgium where the bulk of the funds is held.Russia has published a decree from President Vladimir Putin allowing confiscation of assets of U.S. companies and individuals as compensation for any Russian assets seized in the United States.The ministers also discussed what to do about China's outsized  state-backed production of green energy technology  which the U.S. considers a threat to the global economy. The U.S. has imposed major new tariffs on electric vehicles  semiconductors  solar equipment and medical supplies imported from China. Included is a 100% tariff on Chinese-made EVs  meant to protect the U.S. economy from cheap Chinese imports.The U.S. position has been that Chinese overcapacity is an issue not just for the U.S. but also for other G7 and developing countries. That's because China's selling of low-priced goods threatens the existence of competing companies around the world.The G7 is an informal forum that holds an annual summit to discuss economic policy and security issues. The member countries are Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  the United Kingdom and the United States. Representatives of the European Union also take part  but the EU does not serve as one of the rotating chairs.——Colleen Barry contributed from Milan.",negative,0.05,0.4,0.55,mixed,0.11,0.24,0.66,True,English,"['G7 officials', 'final deal', 'Russian assets', 'progress', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', 'Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'U.S. President Joe Biden', 'The U.S. Congress', 'The U.S. position', 'Russian central bank assets', 'central bank heads', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. economy', 'U.S. companies', 'Seven rich democracies', 'Euroclear securities depository', 'outsized, state-backed production', 'green energy technology', 'major new tariffs', 'U.S. proposal', 'cheap Chinese imports', 'future interest income', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'G7 national leaders', 'Finance officials', 'Biden administration', 'Ukrainian government', 'The G7', 'finance ministers', 'global economy', 'Chinese overcapacity', 'Russian assets', 'Western companies', 'competing companies', 'other G7', 'final deal', 'June summit', 'potential avenues', 'extraordinary profits', 'draft statement', 'Lago Maggiore', 'final decision', 'annual summit', 'technical issues', 'easy task', 'news conference', 'concluding session', 'reliable construction', 'strong voice', 'European officials', 'one month', 'financing needs', 'European members', 'diminished number', 'United States', 'electric vehicles', 'solar equipment', 'medical supplies', 'Chinese-made EVs', 'low-priced goods', 'informal forum', 'economic policy', 'security issues', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'rotating chairs', 'Colleen Barry', 'G7 ministers', 'European countries', 'developing countries', 'member countries', 'northern Italy', 'southern Italy', 'legal complexities', 'legal concerns', 'FRANKFURT', 'Germany', 'Group', 'agreement', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'progress', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'details', 'meeting', 'Stresa', 'shores', 'Fasano', 'end', 'Saturday', 'journalists', 'legislation', 'matter', 'Feb.', 'invasion', 'jurisdictions', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'individuals', 'holdings', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'funds', 'decree', 'confiscation', 'China', 'threat', 'semiconductors', '100% tariff', 'selling', 'existence', 'world', 'Canada', 'France', 'Japan', 'Representatives', 'part', 'Milan']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,startribune.com
41625,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/world-news/g7-officials-make-progress-but-no-final-deal-on-money-for-ukraine-from-frozen-russian-assets/articleshow/110425244.cms,G7 officials make progress but no final deal on money for Ukraine from frozen Russian assets,G7 finance officials are nearing an agreement on using frozen Russian assets to benefit Ukraine  with final decisions to be made at a June summit of national leaders.,"(You can now subscribe to our(You can now subscribe to our Economic Times WhatsApp channelFrankfurt: Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies said they had moved toward agreement on a US proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries. But the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a June summit of national leaders.""We are making progress in our discussions on potential avenues to bring forward the extraordinary profits stemming from immobilized Russian sovereign assets to the benefit of Ukraine "" the draft statement said  without providing details.Despite the progress made at the the meeting in Stresa  on the shores of Lago Maggiore in northern Italy  a final decision on how the assets will be used will rest with the G7 national leaders  including US President Joe Biden  next month at their annual summit in Fasano  in southern Italy.Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti said that ""progress has been made so far"" but that there were ""legal and technical issues that have to be overcome"".""It is not an easy task but we are working on it "" he said at a news conference following the end of the meeting.Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko joined the finance ministers and central bank heads at their concluding session on Saturday.The US Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize the roughly $5 billion in Russian assets located in the US  but European countries have a strong voice in the matter since most of the $260 billion in Russian central bank assets frozen after the Feb 24  2022  invasion are held in their jurisdictions.Citing legal concerns  European officials have balked at outright confiscating the money and handing it to Ukraine as compensation for the destruction caused by Russia Instead  they plan use the interest accumulating on the assets  but that's only around $3 billion a year - about one month's financing needs for the Ukrainian government.US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is pushing for borrowing against the future interest income from the frozen assets . That would mean Ukraine could be given as much as $50 billion immediately.But the proposal has run into concerns from European members about the legal complexities  and about concerns that Russia could retaliate against the diminished number of Western companies and individuals who still have holdings in Russia  or against the Euroclear securities depository in Belgium where the bulk of the funds is held.Russia has published a decree from President Vladimir Putin allowing confiscation of assets of US companies and individuals as compensation for any Russian assets seized in the United States The ministers also discussed what to do about China's outsized  state-backed production of green energy technology  which the US considers a threat to the global economy. The US has imposed major new tariffs on electric vehicles  semiconductors  solar equipment and medical supplies imported from China. Included is a 100% tariff on Chinese-made EVs  meant to protect the US economy from cheap Chinese imports.The US position has been that Chinese overcapacity is an issue not just for the US but also for other G7 and developing countries. That's because China's selling of low-priced goods threatens the existence of competing companies around the world.The G7 is an informal forum that holds an annual summit to discuss economic policy and security issues. The member countries are Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  the United Kingdom and the United States. Representatives of the European Union also take part  but the EU does not serve as one of the rotating chairs.",negative,0.05,0.4,0.55,negative,0.03,0.24,0.73,True,English,"['G7 officials', 'final deal', 'Russian assets', 'progress', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', 'US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'Economic Times WhatsApp channel', 'US President Joe Biden', 'Russian central bank assets', 'central bank heads', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'Seven rich democracies', 'Euroclear securities depository', 'outsized, state-backed production', 'green energy technology', 'major new tariffs', 'cheap Chinese imports', 'future interest income', 'The US Congress', 'The US position', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'G7 national leaders', 'Finance officials', 'Ukrainian government', 'Biden administration', 'economic policy', 'The G7', 'finance ministers', 'Russian assets', 'Chinese overcapacity', 'US companies', 'US economy', 'other G7', 'final deal', 'June summit', 'potential avenues', 'extraordinary profits', 'draft statement', 'Lago Maggiore', 'final decision', 'annual summit', 'technical issues', 'easy task', 'news conference', 'concluding session', 'strong voice', 'European officials', 'financing needs', 'frozen assets', 'European members', 'diminished number', 'Western companies', 'United States', 'global economy', 'electric vehicles', 'solar equipment', 'medical supplies', 'Chinese-made EVs', 'low-priced goods', 'competing companies', 'informal forum', 'security issues', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'rotating chairs', 'US proposal', 'European countries', 'developing countries', 'member countries', 'northern Italy', 'southern Italy', 'legal complexities', 'legal concerns', 'Frankfurt', 'Group', 'agreement', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'progress', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'details', 'meeting', 'Stresa', 'shores', 'Fasano', 'end', 'Saturday', 'legislation', 'matter', 'Feb 24, 2022', 'invasion', 'jurisdictions', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'individuals', 'holdings', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'funds', 'decree', 'confiscation', 'China', 'threat', 'semiconductors', '100% tariff', 'selling', 'existence', 'world', 'Canada', 'France', 'Germany', 'Japan', 'Representatives', 'part']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,economictimes.indiatimes.com
41626,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/g7-officials-make-progress-final-deal-money-ukraine-110559483,G7 officials make progress but no final deal on money for Ukraine from frozen Russian assets,Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies say they have moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries,"Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies say they have moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countriesFRANKFURT  Germany -- Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies said they had moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries. But the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a June summit of national leaders.“We are making progress in our discussions on potential avenues to bring forward the extraordinary profits stemming from immobilized Russian sovereign assets to the benefit of Ukraine ” the draft statement said  without providing details.Despite the progress made at the the meeting in Stresa  on the shores of Lago Maggiore in northern Italy  a final decision on how the assets will be used will rest with the G7 national leaders  including U.S. President Joe Biden  next month at their annual summit in Fasano  in southern Italy.Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti said that “progress has been made so far” but that there were “legal and technical issues that have to be overcome.”“It is not an easy task but we are working on it ” he said at a news conference following the end of the meeting.Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko joined the finance ministers and central bank heads at their concluding session on Saturday. “I am satisfied with the progress "" he told journalists afterwards. He said the G7 ministers “are working very hard to find a reliable construction for Ukraine.”The U.S. Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize the roughly $5 billion in Russian assets located in the U.S.  but European countries have a strong voice in the matter since most of the $260 billion in Russian central bank assets frozen after the Feb. 24  2022  invasion are held in their jurisdictions.Citing legal concerns  European officials have balked at outright confiscating the money and handing it to Ukraine as compensation for the destruction caused by Russia.Instead  they plan use the interest accumulating on the assets  but that’s only around $3 billion a year — about one month’s financing needs for the Ukrainian government.U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is pushing for borrowing against the future interest income from the frozen assets. That would mean Ukraine could be given as much as $50 billion immediately.But the proposal has run into concerns from European members about the legal complexities  and about concerns that Russia could retaliate against the diminished number of Western companies and individuals who still have holdings in Russia  or against the Euroclear securities depository in Belgium where the bulk of the funds is held.Russia has published a decree from President Vladimir Putin allowing confiscation of assets of U.S. companies and individuals as compensation for any Russian assets seized in the United States.The ministers also discussed what to do about China’s outsized  state-backed production of green energy technology  which the U.S. considers a threat to the global economy. The U.S. has imposed major new tariffs on electric vehicles  semiconductors  solar equipment and medical supplies imported from China. Included is a 100% tariff on Chinese-made EVs  meant to protect the U.S. economy from cheap Chinese imports.The U.S. position has been that Chinese overcapacity is an issue not just for the U.S. but also for other G7 and developing countries. That’s because China’s selling of low-priced goods threatens the existence of competing companies around the world.The G7 is an informal forum that holds an annual summit to discuss economic policy and security issues. The member countries are Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  the United Kingdom and the United States. Representatives of the European Union also take part  but the EU does not serve as one of the rotating chairs.——Colleen Barry contributed from Milan.",negative,0.05,0.4,0.55,mixed,0.12,0.22,0.66,True,English,"['G7 officials', 'final deal', 'Russian assets', 'progress', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', 'Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'U.S. President Joe Biden', 'The U.S. Congress', 'The U.S. position', 'Russian central bank assets', 'central bank heads', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. economy', 'Seven rich democracies', 'U.S. proposal', 'Euroclear securities depository', 'U.S. companies', 'outsized, state-backed production', 'green energy technology', 'major new tariffs', 'cheap Chinese imports', 'future interest income', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'G7 national leaders', 'Biden administration', 'Ukrainian government', 'The G7', 'Finance officials', 'finance ministers', 'global economy', 'Chinese overcapacity', 'Russian assets', 'Western companies', 'competing companies', 'other G7', 'final deal', 'June summit', 'potential avenues', 'extraordinary profits', 'draft statement', 'Lago Maggiore', 'final decision', 'annual summit', 'technical issues', 'easy task', 'news conference', 'concluding session', 'reliable construction', 'strong voice', 'European officials', 'one month', 'financing needs', 'European members', 'diminished number', 'United States', 'electric vehicles', 'solar equipment', 'medical supplies', 'Chinese-made EVs', 'low-priced goods', 'informal forum', 'economic policy', 'security issues', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'rotating chairs', 'Colleen Barry', 'G7 ministers', 'northern Italy', 'southern Italy', 'legal complexities', 'European countries', 'developing countries', 'member countries', 'legal concerns', 'Group', 'agreement', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'FRANKFURT', 'Germany', 'progress', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'details', 'meeting', 'Stresa', 'shores', 'Fasano', 'end', 'Saturday', 'journalists', 'legislation', 'matter', 'Feb.', 'invasion', 'jurisdictions', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'individuals', 'holdings', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'funds', 'decree', 'confiscation', 'China', 'threat', 'semiconductors', '100% tariff', 'selling', 'existence', 'world', 'Canada', 'France', 'Japan', 'Representatives', 'part', 'Milan']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,abcnews.go.com
41627,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.arkansasonline.com/news/2024/may/26/move-on-russia-assets-for-ukraine-advances/,Move on Russia assets for Ukraine advances,Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize the roughly $5 billion in Russian assets in the United States  but European countries have a strong voice in the matter since most of the $260 billion in Russian central bank assets frozen after the Feb. 24  2022  invasion are held in their jurisdictions.,"FRANKFURT  Germany -- Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies said they had moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries  but the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a June summit of national leaders.""We are making progress in our discussions on potential avenues to bring forward the extraordinary profits stemming from immobilized Russian sovereign assets to the benefit of Ukraine "" the draft statement said  without providing details.Despite the progress made at the meeting in Stresa  on the shores of Lago Maggiore in northern Italy  a final decision on how the assets will be used will rest with the G7 national leaders  including U.S. President Joe Biden  next month at their annual summit in Fasano in southern Italy.The host  Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti  said ""progress has been made so far"" but that there were ""legal and technical issues that have to be overcome.""""It is not an easy task but we are working on it "" he said at a news conference after the meeting.Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko joined the finance ministers and central bank heads at their concluding session on Saturday. ""I am satisfied with the progress "" he told journalists afterward. He said the G7 ministers ""are working very hard to find a reliable construction for Ukraine.""Last month  the U.S. Congress approved $95 billion in foreign military aid after a monthslong logjam caused by House Republicans  but Ukraine's supporters are eyeing other funding streams to buttress Kyiv's considerable long-term financial needs.Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize the roughly $5 billion in Russian assets in the United States  but European countries have a strong voice in the matter since most of the $260 billion in Russian central bank assets frozen after the Feb. 24  2022  invasion are held in their jurisdictions.Citing legal concerns  European officials have balked at outright confiscating the money and handing it to Ukraine as compensation for the destruction caused by Russia.Initially  Ukraine's boosters called for confiscating and transferring the entire pool of Russian sovereign assets to Kyiv. That plan was scuttled  however  after Germany  France and other U.S. allies had expressed unease about a plan that they feared could compromise the financial stability of the eurozone by leading investors to put their money elsewhere. The new plan would leave Russia's underlying assets untouched. The European Union voted earlier this month as well to move forward with using the profits of the frozen Russian assets.The G7 countries now plan to use the interest accumulating on the assets  but that's only around $3 billion a year -- about one month's financing needs for the Ukrainian government.Under the emerging plan  the Western allies would essentially use the interest and other investment returns accruing on these assets to pay themselves back for money they give to Ukraine in the near term. The exact amount of the money that could be raised this way could vary  depending on interest rates and other financial conditions  and finance leaders are working out a thicket of complicated legal and financial questions.U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is pushing for borrowing against the future interest income from the frozen assets. That would mean Ukraine could be given as much as $50 billion immediately.That proposal has run into concerns from European members about the legal complexities  and about concerns that Russia could retaliate against the diminished number of Western companies and individuals who still have holdings in Russia  or against the Euroclear securities depository in Belgium where the bulk of the funds is held.Russia has published a decree from President Vladimir Putin allowing confiscation of the assets of U.S. companies and individuals as compensation for any Russian assets seized in the United States.But hundreds of U.S. and European firms have already pulled out of the country in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the sanctions imposed afterward. Of the more than 1 600 international firms operating in Russia before the invasion  roughly 400 remain  with only 30 U.S.-based firms still operating there  according to Jeffrey Sonnenfeld  a professor at the Yale School of Management. Sonnenfeld called the Kremlin's threat ""inconsequential.""Russia has strongly condemned all attempts to confiscate or repurpose its financial assets as a violation of international law.""We can see they are being careful  they understand the potential danger of such decisions and the potential consequences for themselves which are inevitable. That is why they have gone for the smaller option "" Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters last week  according to Reuters. ""But even the smaller option is to us nothing less than expropriation.""Yellen has led U.S. efforts to persuade European allies to use the seized sovereign Russian assets in some way  pointing to Kyiv's long-term funding needs and the hundreds of billions of dollars in estimated damage Moscow's war has caused its neighbor. The funds could also help ensure that Ukraine has access to Western support even if Biden loses the presidential election this November.""This is an assured source of financing "" Yellen told reporters earlier in the week. ""It's important that Russia realize that we will not be deterred from supporting Ukraine for lack of resources.""The ministers also discussed what to do about China's outsized  state-backed production of green energy technology  which the U.S. considers a threat to the global economy. The U.S. has imposed major new tariffs on electric vehicles  semiconductors  solar equipment and medical supplies imported from China. Included is a 100% tariff on Chinese-made electric vehicles  meant to protect the U.S. economy from cheap Chinese imports.The U.S. position has been that Chinese overcapacity is an issue not just for the U.S. but also for other G7 and developing countries. That's because China's selling of low-priced goods threatens the existence of competing companies around the world.The G7 is an informal forum that holds an annual summit to discuss economic policy and security issues. The member countries are Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  the United Kingdom and the United States. Representatives of the European Union also take part  but the EU does not serve as one of the rotating chairs.Information for this article was contributed by David McHugh and Colleen Barry of The Associated Press and by Jeff Stein of The Washington Post.",neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,negative,0.03,0.3,0.67,True,English,"['Russia assets', 'Ukraine advances', 'U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'U.S. President Joe Biden', 'Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', '30 U.S.-based firms', 'considerable long-term financial needs', 'other U.S. allies', 'Russian central bank assets', 'U.S. efforts', 'central bank heads', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. companies', 'U.S. proposal', 'U.S. Congress', 'other funding streams', 'other investment returns', 'Seven rich democracies', 'foreign military aid', 'Euroclear securities depository', 'other financial conditions', 'The European Union', 'future interest income', 'The G7 countries', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'sovereign Russian assets', 'G7 national leaders', 'Biden administration', 'Ukrainian government', 'finance leaders', 'Finance officials', 'financing needs', 'European firms', 'European allies', 'finance ministers', 'Western allies', '1,600 international firms', 'financial stability', 'financial questions', 'financial assets', 'Western companies', 'G7 ministers', 'European countries', 'European officials', 'European members', 'final deal', 'June summit', 'potential avenues', 'draft statement', 'Lago Maggiore', 'northern Italy', 'final decision', 'annual summit', 'southern Italy', 'technical issues', 'easy task', 'news conference', 'concluding session', 'reliable construction', 'monthslong logjam', 'House Republicans', 'United States', 'strong voice', 'entire pool', 'underlying assets', 'one month', 'near term', 'exact amount', 'diminished number', 'Yale School', 'international law', 'potential danger', 'potential consequences', 'smaller option', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'interest rates', 'complicated legal', 'legal complexities', 'extraordinary profits', 'new plan', 'emerging plan', 'Jeffrey Sonnenfeld', 'Kremlin spokesperson', 'legal concerns', 'FRANKFURT', 'Germany', 'Group', 'agreement', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'progress', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'details', 'meeting', 'Stresa', 'shores', 'Fasano', 'host', 'Saturday', 'journalists', 'supporters', 'buttress', 'Kyiv', 'legislation', 'matter', 'Feb.', 'invasion', 'jurisdictions', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'boosters', 'France', 'unease', 'eurozone', 'investors', 'thicket', 'individuals', 'holdings', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'funds', 'decree', 'confiscation', 'hundreds', 'country', 'response', 'sanctions', 'professor', 'Management', 'attempts', 'violation', 'decisions', 'reporters', 'Reuters', 'expropriation', 'way']",2024-05-26,2024-05-26,arkansasonline.com
41628,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.voanews.com/a/g7-officials-make-progress-on-money-for-ukraine-from-frozen-russian-assets-/7626650.html,G7 officials make progress on money for Ukraine from frozen Russian assets,Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies say they have moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries,"Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies said they had moved toward agreement on a U.S. proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries. But the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a June summit of national leaders.""We are making progress in our discussions on potential avenues to bring forward the extraordinary profits stemming from immobilized Russian sovereign assets to the benefit of Ukraine "" the draft statement said  without providing details.Despite the progress made at the meeting in Stresa  on the shores of Lago Maggiore in northern Italy  a final decision on how the assets will be used will rest with the G7 national leaders  including U.S. President Joe Biden  next month at their annual summit in Fasano  in southern Italy.Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti said that ""progress has been made so far"" but that there were ""legal and technical issues that have to be overcome.""""It is not an easy task  but we are working on it "" he said at a news conference following the end of the meeting.Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko joined the finance ministers and central bank heads at their concluding session on Saturday. ""I am satisfied with the progress "" he told journalists afterward. He said the G7 ministers ""are working very hard to find a reliable construction for Ukraine.""The U.S. Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize the roughly $5 billion in Russian assets in the U.S.  but European countries have a strong voice in the matter since most of the $260 billion in Russian central bank assets frozen after the Feb. 24  2022  invasion are held in their jurisdictions.Citing legal concerns  European officials have balked at outright confiscating the money and handing it to Ukraine as compensation for the destruction caused by Russia.Instead  they plan use the interest accumulating on the assets  but that's only around $3 billion a year — about one month's financing needs for the Ukrainian government.U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is pushing for borrowing against the future interest income from the frozen assets. That would mean Ukraine could be given as much as $50 billion immediately.But the proposal has run into concerns from European members about the legal complexities  and about concerns that Russia could retaliate against the diminished number of Western companies and individuals who still have holdings in Russia  or against the Euroclear securities depository in Belgium where the bulk of the funds is held.Russia has published a decree from President Vladimir Putin allowing confiscation of assets of U.S. companies and individuals as compensation for any Russian assets seized in the United States.The ministers also discussed what to do about China's outsized  state-backed production of green energy technology  which the U.S. considers a threat to the global economy. The U.S. has imposed major new tariffs on electric vehicles  semiconductors  solar equipment and medical supplies imported from China. Included is a 100% tariff on Chinese-made EVs  meant to protect the U.S. economy from cheap Chinese imports.The U.S. position has been that Chinese overcapacity is an issue not just for the U.S. but also for other G7 and developing countries. That's because China's selling of low-priced goods threatens the existence of competing companies around the world.The G7 is an informal forum that holds an annual summit to discuss economic policy and security issues. The member countries are Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  the United Kingdom and the United States. Representatives of the European Union also take part  but the EU does not serve as one of the rotating chairs.",neutral,0.06,0.86,0.08,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['G7 officials', 'Russian assets', 'progress', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'Host Finance Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', 'Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'U.S. President Joe Biden', 'The U.S. Congress', 'The U.S. position', 'Russian central bank assets', 'central bank heads', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. economy', 'U.S. companies', 'Seven rich democracies', 'Euroclear securities depository', 'outsized, state-backed production', 'green energy technology', 'major new tariffs', 'U.S. proposal', 'cheap Chinese imports', 'future interest income', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'G7 national leaders', 'Finance officials', 'Biden administration', 'Ukrainian government', 'The G7', 'finance ministers', 'global economy', 'Chinese overcapacity', 'Russian assets', 'Western companies', 'competing companies', 'other G7', 'final deal', 'June summit', 'potential avenues', 'extraordinary profits', 'draft statement', 'Lago Maggiore', 'final decision', 'annual summit', 'technical issues', 'easy task', 'news conference', 'concluding session', 'reliable construction', 'strong voice', 'European officials', 'one month', 'financing needs', 'European members', 'diminished number', 'United States', 'electric vehicles', 'solar equipment', 'medical supplies', 'Chinese-made EVs', 'low-priced goods', 'informal forum', 'economic policy', 'security issues', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'rotating chairs', 'G7 ministers', 'European countries', 'developing countries', 'member countries', 'northern Italy', 'southern Italy', 'legal complexities', 'legal concerns', 'Group', 'agreement', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'progress', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'details', 'meeting', 'Stresa', 'shores', 'Fasano', 'end', 'Saturday', 'journalists', 'legislation', 'matter', 'Feb.', 'invasion', 'jurisdictions', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'individuals', 'holdings', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'funds', 'decree', 'confiscation', 'China', 'threat', 'semiconductors', '100% tariff', 'selling', 'existence', 'world', 'Canada', 'France', 'Germany', 'Japan', 'Representatives', 'part', '2022']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,voanews.com
41629,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/25/hibernia-reit-lonhbrn-shares-pass-above-fifty-day-moving-average-of-136-90/,Hibernia REIT (LON:HBRN) Shares Pass Above Fifty Day Moving Average of $136.90,Hibernia REIT Plc (LON:HBRN – Get Free Report) shares passed above its 50 day moving average during trading on Friday . The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 136.90 ($1.74) and traded as high as GBX 137.20 ($1.74). Hibernia REIT shares last traded at G…,Hibernia REIT Plc (LON:HBRN – Get Free Report) shares passed above its 50 day moving average during trading on Friday . The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 136.90 ($1.74) and traded as high as GBX 137.20 ($1.74). Hibernia REIT shares last traded at GBX 136.90 ($1.74)  with a volume of 100 shares traded.Hibernia REIT Price PerformanceThe company has a market capitalization of £906.02 million and a P/E ratio of 35.10. The stock’s fifty day simple moving average is GBX 136.90 and its 200-day simple moving average is GBX 136.90. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 27.34  a current ratio of 0.81 and a quick ratio of 0.81.Hibernia REIT Company Profile(Get Free Report)Hibernia REIT plc is an Irish Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange. Hibernia owns and develops property and specialises in Dublin city centre offices.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Hibernia REIT Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hibernia REIT and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Fifty Day Moving Average', 'Hibernia REIT', 'LON', 'HBRN', 'Shares', 'Above', 'Irish Real Estate Investment Trust', 'fifty day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'Dublin city centre offices', 'Hibernia REIT Price Performance', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Hibernia REIT Company Profile', '50 day moving average', 'concise daily summary', 'Hibernia REIT Daily', 'Hibernia REIT Plc', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Hibernia REIT shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", '100 shares', 'HBRN', 'trading', 'Friday', 'GBX', 'volume', 'debt', 'property']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,etfdailynews.com
41630,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNOVA-N-V-20366366/news/Cnova-N-Judgment-on-FRH-and-Casino-request-for-further-extension-under-Dutch-Financial-Supervision-46823166/,Cnova N : Judgment on FRH and Casino request for further extension under Dutch Financial Supervision Act,(marketscreener.com)   Judgment on FRH and Casino request for further extension   under Dutch Financial Supervision Act   Paris  24 May 2024   Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. hereby   informs as follows: also on behalf of France Retail Holdings S…,"Judgment on FRH and Casino request for further extensionunder Dutch Financial Supervision ActParis  24 May 2024Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. (""Casino""; Euronext Paris: CO; ISIN: FR0000125585) herebyinforms as follows: also on behalf of France Retail Holdings S.à r.l. (an entity ultimately controlled by Mr. Daniel Křetínský) (""FRH"")  it is hereby announced that FRH and Casino have received a judgment of the Enterprise Chamber of the Amsterdam Court of Appeal  the Netherlands  granting an additional thirty-day extension pursuant to Article 5:72(2) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht  ""FMSA"") of the time period provided in Article 5:72(1) FMSA. As a result  the period provided in Article 5:72(1) FMSA is extended by thirty days as of 27 May 2024. Reference is also made to the press releases of 29 April 2024 and 7 May 2024 in this respect.***This communication is for informational purposes only under the current applicable laws and regulations  and is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein  nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.Friday 24 May 2024 ▪ 1",neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Cnova N', 'Casino request', 'Judgment', 'FRH', 'extension', 'France Retail Holdings S.à r.l.', 'Mr. Daniel Křetínský', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'current applicable laws', 'additional thirty-day extension', 'Casino request', 'Enterprise Chamber', 'Amsterdam Court', 'financieel toezicht', 'thirty days', 'press releases', 'informational purposes', 'securities laws', 'Euronext Paris', 'time period', 'Judgment', 'FRH', '24 May', 'ISIN', 'behalf', 'entity', 'Appeal', 'Netherlands', 'Article', 'Wet', 'FMSA', 'result', '27 May', 'Reference', '29 April', 'respect', 'communication', 'regulations', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'qualification', 'Friday']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,marketscreener.com
41631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/25/q3-2024-earnings-forecast-for-public-storage-nysepsa-issued-by-zacks-research/,Q3 2024 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Issued By Zacks Research,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) – Research analysts at Zacks Research cut their Q3 2024 EPS estimates for Public Storage in a research note issued on Tuesday  May 21st. Zacks Research analyst R. Department now anticipates that the real estate investme…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) – Research analysts at Zacks Research cut their Q3 2024 EPS estimates for Public Storage in a research note issued on Tuesday  May 21st. Zacks Research analyst R. Department now anticipates that the real estate investment trust will post earnings of $4.30 per share for the quarter  down from their previous forecast of $4.31. The consensus estimate for Public Storage’s current full-year earnings is $16.91 per share. Zacks Research also issued estimates for Public Storage’s Q4 2024 earnings at $4.25 EPS  Q2 2025 earnings at $4.41 EPS  Q4 2025 earnings at $4.44 EPS  Q1 2026 earnings at $4.39 EPS and FY2026 earnings at $18.18 EPS.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 EPS for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.17% and a net margin of 45.62%. The business had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. During the same period last year  the firm posted $4.16 EPS. Public Storage’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis.Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. BMO Capital Markets upped their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday  March 19th. Raymond James upgraded Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday  March 28th. Wells Fargo & Company upgraded Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their target price for the company from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research report on Friday  April 5th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft assumed coverage on Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. Finally  Scotiabank raised their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a report on Monday  March 18th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have issued a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $304.75.Get Our Latest Research Report on PSAPublic Storage Stock Down 0.7 %Shares of NYSE PSA opened at $272.39 on Thursday. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $274.82 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $279.08. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $233.18 and a 12 month high of $312.25. The company has a current ratio of 0.54  a quick ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59. The company has a market cap of $47.87 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.74  a PEG ratio of 3.95 and a beta of 0.57.Public Storage Announces DividendThe company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be given a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.41%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday  June 12th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 108.99%.Insider Buying and SellingIn other news  Director Kristy Pipes purchased 2 149 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday  May 14th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $278.96 per share  with a total value of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the transaction  the director now owns 2 149 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $599 485.04. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC  which can be accessed through the SEC website. 11.00% of the stock is owned by insiders.Institutional Inflows and OutflowsInstitutional investors and hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Empirical Financial Services LLC d.b.a. Empirical Wealth Management increased its position in Public Storage by 4.1% in the 3rd quarter. Empirical Financial Services LLC d.b.a. Empirical Wealth Management now owns 1 097 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $289 000 after buying an additional 43 shares in the last quarter. Larson Financial Group LLC purchased a new position in Public Storage during the 3rd quarter worth $76 000. Truepoint Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the 3rd quarter worth $241 000. US Bancorp DE grew its stake in shares of Public Storage by 4.0% in the 3rd quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 46 092 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $12 106 000 after acquiring an additional 1 758 shares in the last quarter. Finally  MGO One Seven LLC raised its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 31.4% in the third quarter. MGO One Seven LLC now owns 1 223 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $322 000 after purchasing an additional 292 shares during the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.About Public Storage(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Q3 2024 Earnings Forecast', 'Public Storage', 'Zacks Research', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Zacks Research analyst R. Department', 'Larson Financial Group LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Empirical Financial Services LLC', 'MGO One Seven LLC', '50-day moving average price', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'One investment analyst', 'Empirical Wealth Management', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'US Bancorp DE', 'Other equities analysts', 'average price target', 'equal weight” rating', 'sector perform” rating', 'Director Kristy Pipes', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'current full-year earnings', 'Get Free Report', 'Latest Research Report', 'quarterly earnings results', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'Q3 2024 EPS estimates', 'dividend payout ratio', 'analyst estimates', 'Research analysts', 'Public Storage Stock', 'target price', '$250.00 price target', 'consensus rating', 'price objective', 'current ratio', 'market cap', 'other news', 'research note', 'outperform” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'quarterly dividend', 'quick ratio', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'previous forecast', 'Q4 2024 earnings', 'Q4 2025 earnings', 'Q1 2026 earnings', 'FY2026 earnings', 'net margin', 'same period', 'Raymond James', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'ex-dividend date', 'Insider Buying', 'total value', 'Institutional Inflows', 'Institutional investors', 'hedge funds', 'Truepoint Inc.', 'quarterly revenue', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', 'equity ratio', 'year basis', '12 month low', 'SEC website', 'new position', 'new stake', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', 'additional 43 shares', 'additional 1,758 shares', '2,149 shares', '1,097 shares', '46,092 shares', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Q2', 'February', 'return', 'business', 'firm', 'reports', 'March', 'Thursday', 'Company', 'Friday', 'coverage', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'debt', 'beta', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'DPR', 'Selling', 'transaction', 'completion', 'purchase', 'filing', 'insiders', 'Outflows', 'holdings', '45.']",2024-05-25,2024-05-26,etfdailynews.com
