UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50025,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/615537-eu-divided-russian-assets-seizure/,EU divided over Russian asset seizure – Kremlin,The Kremlin is aware that some EU member states are opposed to confiscating Russian assets due to legal risks  Dmitry Peskov has said Read Full Article at RT.com,Some member states are opposed to confiscating the funds due to fears of legal risks  Dmitry Peskov has saidThe Kremlin is aware of divisions within the EU over the fate of frozen Russian assets  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has said. Some members of the bloc are opposed to seizing the funds  citing legal risks.An estimated $300 billion worth of Russian sovereign assets was frozen by the West following the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. Around €200 billion ($209 billion) of this is held by Euroclear  a Brussels-based clearing house. EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas has repeatedly called for the funds to be tapped for Ukraine’s reconstruction.This week  Kallas acknowledged that some member states still oppose the move  but did not specify which ones.Peskov told journalists on Thursday that Moscow is “aware that indeed some countries do not support such an approach  as they understand the inevitable legal consequences of such actions.”The Kremlin has condemned the freezing of its assets and warned that seizing them would amount to “theft ” hinting at possible retaliatory measures against Western investments in Russia.The frozen funds have already accrued billions of euros in interest  with Euroclear transferring €1.55 billion to Kiev last July to back a $50 billion loan for Ukraine provided by the G7.Some EU members  notably the Baltic and Nordic states  along with Poland and the Czech Republic  have pushed for the immediate transfer of the frozen funds to Kiev. Others  however – including France  Germany  Italy  Spain  and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen – have been more cautious  citing legal concerns and arguing that the funds should be kept as leverage.Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever has warned that confiscating Russian assets would be considered “an act of war” and could provoke a response from Moscow. Other EU officials have also raised concerns that seizing the assets without a legal basis could set a dangerous precedent and alarm global investors.The International Monetary Fund has warned that appropriating the funds without a clear legal basis could undermine global confidence in Western financial institutions.,neutral,0.0,0.72,0.28,negative,0.01,0.43,0.56,True,English,"['Russian asset seizure', 'EU', 'Kremlin', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'The International Monetary Fund', 'Brussels-based clearing house', 'possible retaliatory measures', 'Other EU officials', 'Western financial institutions', 'inevitable legal consequences', 'clear legal basis', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'The Kremlin', 'Western investments', 'EU members', 'legal risks', 'Russian assets', 'member states', 'Kremlin spokesman', '$300 billion worth', '$50 billion loan', 'Nordic states', 'Czech Republic', 'immediate transfer', 'European Commission', 'dangerous precedent', 'global investors', 'global confidence', 'legal concerns', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'Ukraine conflict', 'frozen funds', 'fears', 'divisions', 'fate', 'bloc', 'escalation', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'reconstruction', 'move', 'journalists', 'Thursday', 'Moscow', 'countries', 'approach', 'actions', 'freezing', 'billions', 'euros', 'interest', 'Kiev', 'G7.', 'Baltic', 'Poland', 'Others', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'leverage', 'war', 'response', 'alarm']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,rt.com
50026,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059255/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Rapala-VMC-Corporation.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Rapala VMC Corporation,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Notice to general meeting  April 10  2025 at 3:31 p.m. EET  The shareholders of Rapala VMC Corporation (“Rapala VMC” or the......,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Notice to general meeting  April 10  2025 at 3:31 p.m. EETThe shareholders of Rapala VMC Corporation (“Rapala VMC” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held on Thursday 8 May 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET).The meeting will be held as a remote meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Finnish Companies Act  in which shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the meeting in real time. Instructions on participation are provided in section C of this notice. The language of the Annual General Meeting is Finnish.The shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions on advance voting are provided in section C. 6. of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Consolidated Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Assurance Report on the Sustainability Reporting for the year 2024Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendOn 31 December 2024  the Company’s distributable equity totalled EUR 25 433 232 of which the net profit for the year 2024 was EUR 432 128.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year which ended 31 December 2024 and the profit be retained and carried further in the Company’s unrestricted equity.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors  the CEO and the deputy CEO from liability for the financial year 202410. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 43.24 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors remain unchanged and the members be paid as follows: EUR 70 000 for the Chairman and EUR 25 000 for other members of the Board of Directors. It is proposed that Board members be paid EUR 1 000 per meeting for attendance at meetings of the Board and its committees. Board members’ remuneration will not be paid to Board members who have an employment or service contract with the Company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 43.24 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors be six (6).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 43.24 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the current board members Emmanuel Viellard  Julia Aubertin  Vesa Luhtanen  Alexander Rosenlew  Pascal Lebard and Johan Berg be re-elected for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The composition of the board of directors will be considered as a whole.Further information on the proposed members and their independence is available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/board_of_directors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to the invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants Firm Deloitte Ltd  which has informed the Company that Jenny Lindvall  APA  will serve as the responsible auditor  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurer be paid according to the invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurerDuring the financial year 2024  the Company’s auditor  Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm Deloitte Ltd  acted as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurer in accordance with the transitional provision of the Act Amending the Finnish Companies Act (1252/2023).The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Deloitte Ltd  Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  be re-elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurer. Deloitte Ltd has notified that Jenny Lindvall  ASA  will serve as the responsible sustainability auditor.The term of the sustainability reporting assurer will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board be authorised to resolve on one or several share issues and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorisation shall be 3 900 000 shares corresponding to 10.00 per cent of all current shares in the Company as at the date of this notice. The maximum number above concerns the share issue and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation can also be used for incentive arrangements for the management and key personnel; however  no more than 900 000 shares in total may be granted for this purpose.The share issue may either be made against payment or without payment. The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to issue the shares or option rights and other special rights otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue) if the Company has a weighty financial reason to do so. The directed share issue may be without payment only if the Company has an especially weighty financial reason to do so and the interests of all the Company’s shareholders are taken into consideration. The Board would be authorised to resolve on all terms and conditions of share issues and option rights and the issue of other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the Company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until 30 June 2026. This authorisation will cancel the authorisation to resolve on the issuance of shares and special rights granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 18 April 2024.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to resolve  in one or several instalments  on the repurchase of a maximum of 2 000 000 of the Company’s own shares. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.13 per cent of the Company’s total number of shares as at the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting.The shares would be repurchased using the Company’s unrestricted equity  and thus  the repurchases will reduce funds available for distribution. The shares can be repurchased for developing the Company’s capital structure  for financing or carrying out corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements  to be used as a part of the Company’s remuneration or incentive plan or to be otherwise transferred further or cancelled  for example.In accordance with the resolution of the Board of Directors  the shares can also be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the shareholders as directed repurchases. The shares are repurchased at the market price of the shares quoted on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are subject to public trading or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase. The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on all other matters related to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares  including how the shares will be repurchased. Among other means  derivatives may be used in acquiring the shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until 30 June 2026. The authorisation will cancel the authorisation to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 18 April 2024.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe proposed resolutions above that are on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Rapala VMC Corporation’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2025.The Financial Statements  the Consolidated Financial Statement  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report  the Assurance Report on the Sustainability Reporting and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2024  will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than on 17 April 2025.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 22 May 2025 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. The right to participateEach shareholder who is on 25 April2025  the record date for the Annual General Meeting  registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate and vote in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register. If you do not have a Finnish book-entry account  see section 3. “Holder of nominee-registered shares”.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.2. RegistrationRegistration for the Annual General Meeting begins on 11 April 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder entered in the shareholders’ register of the Company whose shares are registered in the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the Annual General Meeting by 30 April 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration for the General Meeting can be made:a) Through the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2025.Online registration requires strong electronic identification from the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative using Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2025 no later than on 11 April 2025 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or possible business ID  telephone number and/or email address as well as the name  date of birth  telephone number and/or email address of the shareholder’s possible assistant and/or proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to Rapala VMC Corporation or Innovatics Ltd is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m. (EET).3. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 25 April 2025 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 5 May 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to contact his/her custodian bank in good time to request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the Company by the time stated above  and if necessary  arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to the holders of nominee-registered shares.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may also participate in the remote meeting by the use of telecommunications and technical means in real time. In addition to the temporary registration into the shareholders’ register  the real-time participation in the remote meeting requires the delivery of the shareholder’s email address and telephone number and  if necessary  a power of attorney and other necessary documents to prove the right of representation by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares  so that the holder of nominee-registered shares can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the remote meeting.If a holder of nominee-registered shares has authorised his/her custodian bank to vote in advance on his/her behalf  the votes cast in this way will be taken into account as advance votes of the holder of nominee-registered shares at the General Meeting  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights in the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance as instructed in section C. 6. of these instructions.The proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy template is available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2025 no later than on 11 April 2025.Any proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting a proxy document  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall ensure that they register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in section C. 2. of these instructions.Delivery of a proxy document and the registration and advance voting form mentioned in Section C. 2. b) to Innovatics Ltd before the end of the registration period is deemed a registration for the General Meeting  provided that they set forth the information necessary for the registration.If a proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  it is recommended to vote in advance. Even if the proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  only one attendance link and password will be provided to the proxy representative for all shareholders the proxy representative represents. The proxy representative will therefore not need to log into the service separately on behalf of each shareholder but shall still ensure the exercise of shareholders’ rights by voting on behalf of each shareholder separately.A shareholder may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.5. Participation instructionsShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights during the meeting in full and in real time via remote connection.Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally.The remote connection to the General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Oyj’s virtual AGM service using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require software or downloads subject to a charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio playback as well as a microphone for oral questions and comments. The following browsers are recommended for remote participation: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  and Opera. Shareholders are responsible for their internet connections and devices during the meeting.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration by the day before the meeting  7 May 2025  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) at the latest. It is recommended to log into the meeting system before the meeting starts.Shareholders who have voted in advance can also participate in the General Meeting via the remote connection. The votes cast in advance will be taken into account in the resolution of the General Meeting  regardless of whether such shareholders participate in the General Meeting remotely or not. Shareholders participating in the meeting remotely will be able to change their advance votes during the meeting  should a vote take place.For more information on the AGM service  additional instructions for proxy holders representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions  please visit https://vagm.fi/support and a link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet with the internet connection can be found at https://b2b.inderes.com/knowledge-base/compatibility-testing. It is recommended to consult the detailed attendance instructions before the start of the General Meeting.6. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting between 11 April 2025 at 10:00 a.m. and 30 April 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) in the following ways:a) Through the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2025. Shareholders can sign into the advance voting service the same way as to the electronic registration service referred to above in section C. 2. a) of these instructions.b) By email or by mail sending the advance voting form available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2025 no later than on 11 April 2025 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd  by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received before the advance voting period expires.If the shareholder participates in the General Meeting by voting in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information mentioned in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.A proposed resolution that is subject to advance voting is considered to be presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote at the real-time General Meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholders who voted in advance are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. Unless shareholders voting in advance are present at the General Meeting in person or by way of proxy representation via remote connection  they will not be able to make counterproposals  vote for a possible counterproposal  or use their rights under the Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee-registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares.7. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder participating in the Annual General Meeting via remote connection has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting 10 April 2025  the total number of shares and votes in Rapala VMC Corporation is 39 000 000. On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the Company holds 123 891 treasury shares. Pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries are not entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  10 April 2025RAPALA VMC CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsAdditional InformationFor additional information  please contact: Tuomo Leino  Investor Relations (tel. +358 9 7562 540)About Rapala VMC CorporationRapala VMC Group is the world’s leading fishing tackle company with a largest distribution network in the industry. The Group is a global market leader in fishing lures  treble hooks and fishing related knives and tools. The main manufacturing facilities are in Finland  France  Estonia  and the UK. The Group’s brand portfolio includes leading brands in the industry such as Rapala  VMC  Sufix  13Fishing as well as Okuma in Europe. The Group  with net sales of EUR 221 million in 2024  employs some 1 400 people in approximately 40 countries. Rapala VMC Corporation’s share is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange since 1998.www.rapalavmc.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Rapala VMC Corporation', 'Notice', 'Authorised Public Accountants Firm Deloitte Ltd', 'Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm Deloitte Ltd', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'sustainability reporting assurer', 'RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'current board members', 'annual remuneration', 'Board members’ remuneration', 'remote meeting', 'Thursday 8 May', 'decision-making powers', 'technical means', 'real time', 'voting rights', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'unrestricted equity', 'Governing Bodies', '43.24 per cent', 'service contract', 'Emmanuel Viellard', 'Julia Aubertin', 'Vesa Luhtanen', 'Alexander Rosenlew', 'Pascal Lebard', 'Johan Berg', 'Further information', 'corporate website', 'Jenny Lindvall', 'transitional provision', 'financial year', 'section C', 'other members', 'advance voting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Assurance Report', 'net profit', 'deputy CEO', 'responsible auditor', 'Remuneration Report', 'The Board', '10:00 a', 'Notice', 'April', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'use', 'telecommunications', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'language', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'Resolution', 'distribution', 'dividend', '31 December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'shares', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'committees', 'employment', 'number', 'term', 'composition', 'independence', 'investors', 'rapalavmc', 'invoice', '3:31', '10.']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50027,Euroclear,Bing API,https://english.nv.ua/business/brussels-directs-1-billion-to-strengthen-ukraine-s-military-through-frozen-russian-funds-50505441.html,EU boosts Ukraine’s defense industry with funds secured by frozen Russian assets,One billion euros ($1.14 billion) )out of the European Union’s €2.1 billion ($2.4 billion) tranche derived from the frozen Russian sovereign assets will be allocated to the Ukrainian defense industry ,"EU boosts Ukraine’s defense industry with funds secured by frozen Russian assets 11 April  12:06 PM EU Ambassador to Ukraine Katarina Mathernova tells where the $2.4 billion tranche for Ukraine will be directed (Photo: Katarina Mathernova via X)One billion euros ($1.14 billion) )out of the European Union’s €2.1 billion ($2.4 billion) tranche derived from the frozen Russian sovereign assets will be allocated to the Ukrainian defense industry  the EU Ambassador to Kyiv  Katarina Mathernova  said in an interview with the Interfax-Ukraine news agency published on April 10.The funds will be used for the purchase of weapons  ammunition and air defense equipment as part of the ""Danish model"" aimed at streamlining the financing of Ukrainian defense enterprises  with Denmark overseeing the process  assessing the capacity of manufacturers and ensuring the effective use of grants.Ad""Contracts are currently being prepared "" she said  adding that the EU had already invested €400 million ($457 million) in Ukraine's defense industry last August.On April 9  the EU's High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy  Kaja Kallas  announced the provision of an additional €2.1 billion to Kyiv from frozen Russian assets  which will come on top of the first tranche of €1.4 billion ($1.6 billion).The EU support is part of the G7's Extraordinary Revenue Acceleration (ERA) initiative  which aims to provide Ukraine with approximately $50 billion in loans secured by frozen Russian assets. These funds will help support Ukraine's budget  military needs  and infrastructure restoration.The EU  along with the G7 nations and Australia  has frozen some $280 billion in Russian assets in the form of securities and cash  mostly through the Belgian clearing house Euroclear.According to the U.S. Treasury Department  sanctions against influential Russians have also frozen about $58 billion in assets  including prime real estate  yachts  and private jets.Will you support Ukraine’s free press? Dear reader  as all news organizations  we must balance the pressures of delivering timely  accurate  and relevant stories with requirements to fund our business operations. As a Ukrainian-based media  we also have another responsibility – to amplify Ukraine’s voice to the world during the crucial moment of its existence as a political nation. It’s the support of our readers that lets us continue doing our job. We keep our essential reporting free because we believe in our ultimate purpose: an independent  democratic Ukraine. If you’re willing to support Ukraine  consider subscribing to our Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Please help us continue fighting Russian propaganda. Truth can be hard to tell from fiction these days. Every viewpoint has its audience of backers and supporters  no matter how absurd. If conscious disinformation is reinforced by state propaganda apparatus and budget  its outcomes may become deadly. There is no solution to this  other than independent  honest  and accurate reporting. We remain committed to empowering the Ukrainian voice to push against the muck. If you’re willing to stand up for the truth – consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. Thank you very much.Will you help tell Ukraine’s story to the world? Twenty years ago  most people hadn’t even heard of Ukraine. Today  the country is on everyone’s lips and everyone’s headlines. War pushed us on the front page. But there are many other things we do that we are proud of – from music and culture to technology. We need your help to tell the world Ukrainian story of resilience  joy  and survival. If you’re willing to back our effort  consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Follow us on Twitter  Facebook and Google News",neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,mixed,0.43,0.19,0.37,True,English,"['defense industry', 'Russian assets', 'EU', 'Ukraine', 'funds', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'Extraordinary Revenue Acceleration', 'Belgian clearing house', 'prime real estate', 'many other things', 'air defense equipment', 'state propaganda apparatus', 'Ukrainian defense enterprises', 'Interfax-Ukraine news agency', 'One billion euros', 'Ukrainian defense industry', 'independent, democratic Ukraine', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'world Ukrainian story', 'Russian propaganda', 'news organizations', 'Google News', 'Ukrainian voice', 'Russian assets', 'Katarina Mathernova', 'European Union', 'Danish model', 'effective use', 'High Representative', 'Foreign Affairs', 'Security Policy', 'Kaja Kallas', 'ERA) initiative', 'military needs', 'infrastructure restoration', 'influential Russians', 'private jets', 'free press', 'Dear reader', 'relevant stories', 'business operations', 'Ukrainian-based media', 'crucial moment', 'political nation', 'essential reporting', 'ultimate purpose', 'conscious disinformation', 'accurate reporting', 'most people', 'front page', '$2.4 billion tranche', 'first tranche', 'EU Ambassador', 'G7 nations', 'EU support', 'The EU', '2.1 billion', 'funds', 'Photo', 'Kyiv', 'interview', 'April', 'purchase', 'weapons', 'ammunition', 'financing', 'Denmark', 'process', 'capacity', 'manufacturers', 'grants', 'Contracts', 'provision', 'top', 'loans', 'frozen', 'budget', 'Australia', 'securities', 'cash', 'Euroclear', 'sanctions', 'yachts', 'pressures', 'requirements', 'responsibility', 'existence', 'readers', 'job', 'Patreon', 'month', 'Truth', 'fiction', 'viewpoint', 'audience', 'backers', 'supporters', 'outcomes', 'solution', 'muck', 'country', 'everyone', 'lips', 'headlines', 'War', 'music', 'culture', 'technology', 'help', 'resilience', 'joy', 'survival', 'effort', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', '06']",2025-04-11,2025-04-11,english.nv.ua
50028,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-cantargia-092000224.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Cantargia AB (publ),The shareholders of Cantargia AB (publ) are invited to the annual general meeting on Thursday  15 May 2025  at 15.00 CEST at Ideon Gateway  Scheelevägen 27  Lund  Sweden. Right,"If a shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney must be enclosed to the postal voting form. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent indicating the authorized signatories of the legal entity must be enclosed. Proxy forms are available on the company's website  www.cantargia.com .The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.notify the company of their intention to participate in the meeting by submitting their postal vote by using the digital postal voting form that is available on the company's website  www.cantargia.com . The form must be submitted so that it is received by the company no later than Friday  9 May 2025.be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  7 May 2025  andParticipation by postal voting Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting by postal voting must:Shareholder represented by a proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent indicating the authorized signatories of the legal entity must be enclosed. The original power of attorney and any registration certificate or equivalent shall be sent to the company at the address above well in advance of the meeting. Proxy forms are available on the company's website  www.cantargia.com   and will be sent by post to shareholders who so request and state their postal address.notify the company of their intention to participate in the meeting not later than Friday  9 May 2025. Notification shall be made through a digital form available on the company's website  www.cantargia.com . Notification may also be made by post to Cantargia AB (publ)  Scheelevägen 27  SE-223 63 Lund  Sweden. When giving notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy.be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  7 May 2025  andParticipation at the venue Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must:LUND  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 11  2025 / Cantargia (STO:CANTA) - The shareholders of Cantargia AB (publ) are invited to the annual general meeting on Thursday  15 May 2025  at 15.00 CEST at Ideon Gateway  Scheelevägen 27  Lund  Sweden.Story ContinuesThe service for digital postal voting is provided by Poströsta.se ( www.postrosta.se ). Shareholders with questions regarding the digital postal voting form may contact support@postrosta.se for assistance.Anyone wishing to withdraw a postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by attending the meeting in person must notify the secretariat of the meeting before the opening of the meeting.Nominee registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the meeting  at the venue or by postal voting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on 7 May 2025. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations completed by the nominee no later than 9 May 2025 will be taken into account when preparing the share register.Proposed agenda:1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report8. Resolutionson the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet on the disposition of the company's results as per the adopted balance sheet on discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the CEO9. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors and auditors10. Determination of remuneration for the board of directors and auditor11. Election of the members of the board of directors and auditorRe-election of Magnus Persson as board member Re-election of Anders Martin-Löf as board member Re- election of Flavia Borellini as board member Re-election of Damian Marron as board member Election of Jenny Sundqvist as new board member Re-election of Magnus Persson as chairman of the board Re-election of Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as auditor12. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval13. The board of directors' proposal for resolution regarding amendments of the articles of association14. The board of directors' proposal for resolution regarding implementation of a long-term share based incentive scheme15. The board of directors' proposal for resolution regarding implementation of a long-term employee option program16. The board of directors' proposal for resolution on issue authorization17. Closing of the meetingDisposition of the company's results (item 8 b)The board proposes that no dividend shall be distributed  and that the company's accumulated results shall be carried forward.The nomination committee's proposal (items 2 and 9-11)The nomination committee  consisting of chairman Arne Lööw (Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Daniel Kristiansson (Alecta Pensionsförsäkring  Ömsesidigt)  Mats Larsson (First Swedish National Pension Fund) and Magnus Persson  chairman of the board  proposes the following:that attorney-at-law Christian Lindhé is elected chairman of the annual general meeting;that the board of directors shall consist of five members with no deputies;that the company shall have one auditor with no deputies;that the remuneration to the members of the board  excluding remuneration for the work performed on the board's committees  shall amount to SEK 1 740 000 (1 675 000) in total  distributed as follows: SEK 620 000 (595 000) shall be distributed to the chairman of the board and SEK 280 000 (270 000) shall be distributed to each of the other board members. As remuneration for work performed on a committee  the following is proposed: SEK 100 000 (100 000) shall be distributed to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 50 000 (50 000) to each of the other members of the committee. SEK 50 000 (50 000) shall be distributed to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 25 000 (25 000) to each of the other members of the committee. SEK 270 000 (250 000) shall be distributed to the chairman of the drug development committee and SEK 50 000 (50 000) to each of the other members of the committee. In addition  SEK 20 000 (20 000) shall be distributed to each member residing outside the Nordic region for each physical board meeting (however  not more than six meetings) held in Sweden  attended by such member;that the board members Magnus Persson  Anders Martin-Löf  Flavia Borellini and Damian Marron are re-elected as well as that Jenny Sundqvist is elected as a new board member. Magnus Nilsson has declined re-election;that Magnus Persson is re-elected chairman of the board;that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices; andthat Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as the company's auditor (Mikael Nilsson is intended to serve as auditor-in-charge).The proposal regarding the auditor is in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation.Jenny Sundqvist  born in 1971  Swedish citizen living in Sweden  is the CEO of Navinci Diagnostics AB and has for more than 25 years been active in pharmaceuticals and biotechnic. Sundqvist has experience in pharmaceutical development and has worked across multiple therapeutic areas. She has  e.g.  been the CEO of the listed company InDex Pharmaceuticals  and has had leading roles at Isofol Medical  AstraZeneca  Gambro and Orrefors Kosta Boda. Sundqvist holds a Master of Business Administration from University of Texas. Sundqvist owns no shares in the company.Further information on the members proposed for re-election can be found on Cantargia's website or in the annual report for 2024.Amendments of the articles of association (item 13)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association so that:(i) the provision regarding share capital (4 §) shall read ""The share capital shall amount to not less than SEK 15 000 000 and not more than SEK 60 000 000. ""; and(ii) the provision regarding number of shares (5 §) shall read "" The company shall have not less than 150 000 000 shares and not more than 600 000 000 shares. "".Share based incentive scheme (item 14)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt a long-term variable share-based incentive scheme for senior executives and key personnel within the company. The proposal is based on the incentive schemes that were adopted by the 2019 annual general meeting  and subsequently at each annual general meeting. It has been initiated by Cantargia's board of directors and has been designed in collaboration with external advisors and prepared by the remuneration committee and examined at board meetings.Purpose and scope of the schemeTo create a long-term incentive for the company's management team and to promote investments in and ownership of Cantargia shares  all members of the company's management team  including the CEO  as well as other key personnel will be offered variable long-term remuneration in the form of a group bonus for acquisition of shares of the company (the ""Scheme""). The Scheme is a variable long-term remuneration scheme under which the participants commit to use distributed variable cash remuneration to acquire shares in the company. The participants will acquire the shares on the stock market. The Scheme applies in addition to any variable remuneration in accordance with the remuneration guidelines adopted at the 2024 annual general meeting. It is intended that the Scheme shall be annually recurring.The maximum pay-out to each Scheme participant for 2025 is capped at 10 percent of the participant's annual base cash salary. The total size of the Scheme for 2025 is capped at SEK 2 500 000  excluding social security contributions. In case of partial target achievement  a portion of the maximum amount will be distributed.Performance requirements and target achievementThe Scheme is based on the annual bonus target or targets set up by the company's board of directors and that refer to the company's activities  financial key performance indicators and sustainable development. The resolution on the annual amount available under the Scheme will be integrated in the annual evaluation process for the total variable remuneration in order to link annual performances to long term targets  to increase employee shareholding in Cantargia and to retain competent staff at competitive terms.Target achievement will be assessed by the company's board of directors in connection with the issuing of the Year-End Report each year. To be entitled to a portion of the group bonus for acquisition of shares under the Scheme  the employee must be a permanent employee. In addition  the employee must have been employed by the company for at least one year. A draft resolution on which employees that will be subject to the Scheme will be drawn up by the remuneration committee in consultation with the CEO. The board of directors will resolve upon which employees that will be subject to the Scheme.Distribution and acquisition of Cantargia shareWhen the target achievement has been determined by the company's board of directors  the amount will be distributed to each participant in the Scheme within four weeks. The acquisition of shares by the participant shall be made as soon as possible after the distribution from the company. In the event the participant is prevented from acquiring shares of the company  due to for example applicable market abuse regulations  the company's board of directors may permit that the acquisition of shares under the Scheme takes place at a later stage.Participants are required to use their entire remuneration under the Scheme  net of tax  to acquire Cantargia shares on the stock market. Shares acquired by a participant under the Scheme must be held by the participant under a three-year period after the distribution.The company will pay social security contributions on variable remuneration distributed under the Scheme. However  the remuneration distributed under the Scheme will not entitle to pension contributions or holiday pay in addition to what is provided under mandatory legislation.Termination of employment or breach of contractA participant whose employment ceases because of termination by the employee or by the company or for other reasons will be required to continue to hold shares acquired in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme.In the event a participant violates the terms of the Scheme  for example by failing to provide information on the status of its shareholding  the company may require that the participant sells all shares acquired under the Scheme  whereby the gross amount received by the participant through the sale shall be reimbursed to the company. In the event the participant sells shares in breach of the terms of the Scheme  the participant is required to pay a penalty to the company corresponding to the gross amount that the employee has received through the sale of the shares.Principles for annual variable remuneration and the SchemeWhen designing the annual variable remuneration and the Scheme  the board of directors shall consider introducing conditions which:disqualify a person from future participation in variable or long-term remuneration schemes  if that person sells shares in breach of the provisions of the Scheme;make the distribution of a certain portion of such remuneration contingent on that the performance  on which the remuneration is based  proves to be sustainable over time;give the company the right to reclaim remuneration which has been distributed based on information which subsequently has proved to be manifestly incorrect; andstipulate that distribution to a participant shall be entirely or partially delayed  reduced or cancelled if the payment  in the view of the board of directors  is considered inappropriate with regards to the company's results  position or liquidity situation.Employee option program (item 15)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for employees in the company (the ""Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028"" or the ""Program"") in accordance with the below.The reasons for the implementation of Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 are to be able to create possibilities for the company to retain and recruit competent personnel through offering a long-term incentive program. Such engagement is expected to stimulate the personnel to an increased level of interest in the business and development of the company and increase the feeling of connectedness with the company.A) Implementation of Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 in accordance with the following substantial terms and conditions.The Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 shall consist of not more than 4 000 000 employee options.Each employee option confers the holder a right to subscribe for one new share in the company against cash consideration at a strike price corresponding to 130 percent of the volume weighted average price of the company's share during the ten trading days preceding the date the employee options are allotted. The strike price and the number of shares that each employee option confers right to may be subject to recalculation in the event of a bonus issue  share split  new issue or similar.The employee options under the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 shall be offered to employees or consultants of the company. The size of the individual allotment will be determined by a value-based method which takes the theoretical value of the employee options into consideration. The allotment of employee options under the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 shall be made no later than the day falling one year after the annual general meeting 2025 (each such day of allotment being a ""Grant Date"") in accordance with the following guidelines:a) CEO  a maximum of 1 000 000 optionsb) Other senior executives (approximately 4 individuals)  a maximum of 1 000 000 options  in aggregatec) Other employees or consultants (approximately 20 individuals)  a maximum of 2 000 000 options  in aggregateAll allotted employee options shall vest on the day occurring three years after the Grant Date.In the event of a public take-over offer  asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Cantargia  the employee options will vest in their entirety upon completion of such transaction.Furthermore  vesting requires that the participant is still employed by or otherwise engaged with the company and that the participant has not given notice or terminated the employment or engagement as of the date when the relevant vesting occurs. If a participant ceases to be employed or gives notice or terminates the employment or engagement before the vesting date  the allotted employee options cease. However  the board shall be entitled to admit exceptions in certain situations (so-called good leaver situations  e.g. a person's employment or engagement ceases in connection with circumstances which  according to the board  motivate continued vesting. Such circumstances are e.g. employment or engagement ceasing due to retirement pension  death or lasting working inability due to accident or disease).The employee options shall be allotted without consideration. The employee options shall not constitute securities and shall not be able to be transferred or pledged. However  in the event of an option holder's death  the rights constituted by the employee options shall accrue to the holder's estate.Vested employee options may be utilized during a two-year period after vesting.Participation in the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 requires that such participation is in accordance with applicable laws  as well as that such participation can be executed with reasonable administrative costs and financial efforts according to the company's assessment.The employee options shall be governed by separate agreements with each participant. The board shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 within the above-mentioned substantial terms and conditions.Other information regarding Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028In case all warrants issued within the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 are utilized for subscription of new shares  a total of 4 000 000 new shares will be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.6 percent of the company's share capital and votes. Assuming also full utilization of the remaining 6 401 333 employee stock options issued (allotted less lapsed) in connection with existing employee stock option programs  the aggregate dilution amounts to approximately 4.4 percent.The board of directors assesses that the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 will trigger costs in the form of accounting costs and social security contributions.Based on the assumption that all options under the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 vest  the estimated total accounting costs for the options will amount to approximately SEK 4 million during the time period 2025-2028  based on the actual value of the options at the start of the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028. The options do not have a market value since they are not transferable. However  the board has calculated a theoretical value of the options in accordance with the Black & Scholes formula. The calculations have been based on an assumed share price of SEK 1.69 per share and an assumed volatility of 79 percent. In accordance with this valuation  the value of the options in the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 is approximately SEK 1.0 per option. The limitations of the disposal rights have not been taken into consideration in the valuation.The total costs for social security contributions during the vesting period will depend on the value of the benefit that the participant finally will receive  i.e. on the value of the option upon utilization. Based on the assumption that all options under the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 vest and an assumed share price of SEK 3.38 at the time of utilization  the total costs for social security contributions will amount to approximately SEK 1.5 million.All calculations above are preliminary only and are only intended to provide an illustration of what costs the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 may induce. Actual costs may therefore deviate from what has been stated above.The proposal for the Employee Stock Option Program 2025/2028 has been prepared by the board and the remuneration committee together with external consultants.B) Directed issue and approval of transfer of warrantsIn order to enable the company's delivery of shares under Employee Option Program 2025/2028  the board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants as well as on an approval of transfer of warrants  in accordance with the below.The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 4 000 000 warrants. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only fall upon the company (i.e. Cantargia AB (publ) or a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. Subscription shall be made no later than 1 July 2025 and the warrants shall be issued free of charge. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of Employee Option Program 2025/2028.Each warrant confers right to subscribe for one new share in the company against cash consideration under the period from and including the registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket ) up to and including 30 July 2031. The subscription price shall correspond to the quota value of the Cantargia share.The board further proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve that the company  directly or indirectly  may transfer warrants and/or shares to the participants in the Employee Option Program 2025/2028 without consideration in connection with utilization of the employee options in accordance with the terms conditions set out in item 15a above  or in another way dispose of the warrants in order to be able to secure the company's commitments and costs in relation to the Employee Option Program 2025/2028.A valid resolution regarding directed issue and approval of transfer of warrants in accordance with the above requires that the resolution is supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths of both the shares voted and the shares represented at the general meeting.C) Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 15b above not be met  the board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that Employee Option Program 2025/2028 shall instead be hedged so that the company can enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer Cantargia shares to the participants.Issue authorization (item 16)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors  up and until the next annual general meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without pre-emptive rights for shareholders  to resolve on the issue of new shares  warrants  and/or convertibles. It shall also be possible to make such an issue resolution stipulating in-kind payment  the right to offset debt or other conditions. If an issue decision is made with a deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  the number of shares that can be issued under the authorization may correspond to a maximum of 10 percent of the number of outstanding shares and votes at the time of the annual general meeting.The purpose of the authorization is to raise working capital for the company. If the board of directors resolves on a share issue with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  the reason therefor shall be to raise working capital for the company  to provide new shareholders of strategic importance to the company or to acquire other companies or businesses.The CEO shall be authorized to make such adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.____________________Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  there are 248 611 655 outstanding shares and votes in the company. The company holds no treasury shares.Other informationThe annual report  the board of directors' remuneration report and all other documentation for resolutions are available at the company's office at Scheelevägen 27 in Lund  Sweden  and on the company's website ( www.cantargia.com ) no later than three weeks prior to the meeting. Moreover  the nomination committee's motivated statement is available at the company's above-mentioned address  as well as on the company's website ( www.cantargia.com )  from the date of this notice. Copies of the documentation will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. Shareholders are reminded of their right to require information under chapter 7 section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy available on Euroclear's website: www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf . If you have questions regarding our processing of your personal data  you can contact us by emailing GDPR@cantargia.com . Cantargia's AB (publ) corporate registration number is 556791-6019 and its registered office is in Lund  Sweden.This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in the event of any discrepancy between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Lund  April 2025Cantargia AB (publ)The board of directorsFor further information  please contactDamian Marron  Interim CEOTelephone: +46 (0)46-275 62 60E-mail: damian.marron@cantargia.comAbout CantargiaCantargia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556791-6019  is a biotechnology company that develops antibody-based treatments for life-threatening diseases and has established a platform based on the protein IL1RAP  involved in a number of cancer forms and inflammatory diseases. Cantargia's oncology program  the antibody nadunolimab (CAN04)  is being studied clinically  primarily in combination with chemotherapy with a focus on pancreatic cancer  non-small cell lung cancer and triple-negative breast cancer. Positive data for the combinations indicate stronger efficacy than would be expected from chemotherapy alone. Cantargia's second development program  the antibody CAN10  blocks signaling via IL1RAP in a different manner than nadunolimab and addresses treatment of serious autoimmune/inflammatory diseases  with initial focus on hidradenitis suppurativa and systemic sclerosis.Cantargia is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (ticker: CANTA). More information about Cantargia is available at www.cantargia.com .AttachmentsNotice of annual general meeting in Cantargia AB (publ)SOURCE: CantargiaView the original press release on ACCESS Newswire",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.37,0.32,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Cantargia AB', 'Notice', 'digital postal voting form', 'board member Re- election', 'accompanying assistant(s', 'Anders Martin-Löf', 'Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB', 'maximum two assistants', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Poströsta.se', 'new board member', 'voting right registration', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'annual general meeting', 'board member Election', 'Nominee registered shares', 'digital form', ""directors' remuneration report"", 'voting list', 'two persons', 'annual report', 'postal vote', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatories', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'share register', 'Scheelevägen', 'ACCESS Newswire', 'Ideon Gateway', 'Such registration', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'Magnus Persson', 'Flavia Borellini', 'Damian Marron', 'Jenny Sundqvist', 'Cantargia AB', 'postal address', 'board Re-election', 'telephone number', 'dated power', 'original power', ""directors' proposal"", 'registration certificate', 'state name', 'Proxy forms', 'postrosta.se', 'shareholder', 'written', 'attorney', 'website', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'intention', 'Friday', 'May', 'Wednesday', 'Participation', 'equivalent', 'advance', 'Notification', 'publ', '63 Lund', 'notice', 'personal', 'information', 'venue', 'April', 'Thursday', 'Story', 'service', 'questions', 'support', 'assistance', 'Anyone', 'secretariat', 'opening', 'addition', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'agenda', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'disposition', 'results', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'CEO', '15.00']",2025-04-11,2025-04-11,finance.yahoo.com
50029,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.theglobeandmail.com/investing/markets/stocks/LUN-T/pressreleases/31836458/lundin-mining-announces-dates-of-annual-meeting-of-shareholders-and-first-quarter-2025-results-call/,Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2025 Results Call,Detailed price information for Lundin Mining Corp (LUN-T) from The Globe and Mail including charting and trades.,"VANCOUVER  BC   April 10  2025 /CNW/ - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 8  2025 (the ""Meeting"") at 11:30 a.m.Vancouver time as a hybrid format. The Meeting will be held in person at 1055 Dunsmuir Street  Suite 2800  Bentall IV Centre  Vancouver  British Columbia   Canada  and online via live audio webcast online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LUN2025 . The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management Proxy Circular (the ""Circular"") and related meeting materials are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com and on the Company's website at www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings/ .The Company has made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually and in-person at this year's Meeting. The record date for the Meeting is March 10  2025 . Eligible shareholders are encouraged to vote online  by telephone or by proxy. Detailed information on how shareholders can participate in the Meeting and vote is available in the Circular. The Circular provides additional information relating to the below items for consideration at the Meeting.The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31  2024 and the report of the auditors thereon;and the report of the auditors thereon; To elect the directors for the ensuing year;To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Chartered Professional Accountants  as auditors of the Company for the ensuing year  and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors;To provide shareholders with an advisory vote on the Company's approach to executive compensation;To transact such further and other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.Notice and AccessLundin Mining will provide shareholders with electronic access to meeting materials rather than mailing paper copies. Electronic copies of the Circular  other meeting materials and copies of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024   the auditor's report on those statements and the associated management's discussion and analysis are available online at the Company's website at https://www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings or under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com . The notice shareholders receive will include information on how to obtain a paper copy of the Circular or associated materials if preferred.How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm ExchangeThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the ""Swedish Proxy"") by mail directly from Computershare AB (""Computershare Sweden""). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.First Quarter 2025 Results Conference Call and WebcastThe Company will release its first quarter 2025 operational and financial results after market close on Wednesday  May 7  2025   and will hold a webcast and conference call on Thursday  May 8  2025 to present the results. Webcast and conference call details are provided below.Webcast / Conference Call Details:Date:Thursday  May 8  2025Time:7:00 AM PT | 10:00 AM ETListen Only Webcast: WEBCAST LINKDial In for Investor & Analyst Q&A: DIAL IN LINKTo participate in the call click on the dial in LINK above and complete the online registration form. Once registered you will receive the dial-in information and a unique PIN to join the call and ask questions.A replay of the webcast will be available by clicking on the webcast LINK above and will be archived on the Company's website for a limited period of time.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations or projects in Argentina   Brazil   Chile   and the United States of America   primarily producing copper  gold and nickel. In December 2024 the Company announced the sale of its European assets to Boliden. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025 subject to customary conditions and approvals.The information in this release is subject to the disclosure requirements of Lundin Mining under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on April 10  2025 at 4:00 pm Pacific Time .SOURCE Lundin Mining Corporation",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['First Quarter 2025 Results Call', 'Lundin Mining', 'Annual Meeting', 'Dates', 'Shareholders', 'diversified Canadian base metals mining company', 'First Quarter 2025 Results Conference Call', 'audited consolidated financial statements', 'accompanying Management Proxy Circular', 'first quarter 2025 operational', 'Bentall IV Centre', 'Chartered Professional Accountants', 'Analyst Q&A', 'conference call details', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange', 'Lundin Mining Corporation', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'online registration form', 'live audio webcast', 'related meeting materials', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'other meeting materials', 'Canadian Depositary', 'financial results', 'second quarter', 'associated management', 'other business', 'registration name', 'Computershare AB', 'Computershare Sweden', 'registered holders', 'associated materials', 'hybrid format', '1055 Dunsmuir Street', 'British Columbia', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP', 'executive compensation', 'paper copy', 'Securities Trade', 'unique PIN', 'limited period', 'United States', 'European assets', 'customary conditions', 'disclosure requirements', 'The Circular', 'paper copies', 'Electronic copies', 'The Company', 'record date', 'following purposes', 'advisory vote', 'electronic access', 'voting securities', 'ensuing year', 'Annual Meeting', 'Detailed information', 'additional information', 'Eligible shareholders', 'WEBCAST LINK', 'Vancouver time', 'notice shareholders', 'April', 'CNW', 'TSX', 'LUMI', 'Thursday', 'May', 'person', 'Suite 2800', 'Canada', 'virtualshareholdermeeting', 'LUN2025', 'profile', 'SEDAR+', 'sedarplus', 'website', 'lundinmining', 'investors', 'corporate-filings', 'arrangements', 'proxyholders', 'March', 'telephone', 'items', 'consideration', 'report', 'auditors', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'approach', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', 'market', 'Wednesday', 'PT', '10:00 AM', 'DIAL', 'questions', 'replay', 'operations', 'projects', 'Argentina', 'Brazil', 'Chile', 'America', 'copper', 'gold', 'nickel', 'December', 'sale', 'Boliden', 'transaction', 'approvals', 'release', '11:30']",2025-04-11,2025-04-11,theglobeandmail.com
50030,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-04/65090533-lundin-mining-corporation-lundin-mining-announces-dates-of-annual-meeting-of-shareholders-and-first-quarter-2025-results-call-008.htm,Lundin Mining Corporation: Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2025 Results Call,"Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 8  2025 (the ""Meeting"") at 11:30 a.m.      Vancouver time as a hybrid format.","VANCOUVER  BC  April 11  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 8  2025 (the ""Meeting"") at 11:30 a.m. Vancouver time as a hybrid format. The Meeting will be held in person at 1055 Dunsmuir Street  Suite 2800  Bentall IV Centre  Vancouver  British Columbia  Canada  and online via live audio webcast online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LUN2025. The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management Proxy Circular (the ""Circular"") and related meeting materials are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com and on the Company's website at www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings/.The Company has made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually and in-person at this year's Meeting. The record date for the Meeting is March 10  2025. Eligible shareholders are encouraged to vote online  by telephone or by proxy. Detailed information on how shareholders can participate in the Meeting and vote is available in the Circular. The Circular provides additional information relating to the below items for consideration at the Meeting.The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31  2024 and the report of the auditors thereon;To elect the directors for the ensuing year;To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Chartered Professional Accountants  as auditors of the Company for the ensuing year  and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors;To provide shareholders with an advisory vote on the Company's approach to executive compensation;To transact such further and other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.Notice and AccessLundin Mining will provide shareholders with electronic access to meeting materials rather than mailing paper copies. Electronic copies of the Circular  other meeting materials and copies of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024  the auditor's report on those statements and the associated management's discussion and analysis are available online at the Company's website at https://www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings or under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com. The notice shareholders receive will include information on how to obtain a paper copy of the Circular or associated materials if preferred.How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm ExchangeThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the ""Swedish Proxy"") by mail directly from Computershare AB (""Computershare Sweden""). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.First Quarter 2025 Results Conference Call and WebcastThe Company will release its first quarter 2025 operational and financial results after market close on Wednesday  May 7  2025  and will hold a webcast and conference call on Thursday  May 8  2025 to present the results. Webcast and conference call details are provided below.Webcast / Conference Call Details:Date: Thursday  May 8  2025Time: 7:00 AM PT | 10:00 AM ETListen Only Webcast: WEBCAST LINKDial In for Investor & Analyst Q&A: DIAL IN LINKTo participate in the call click on the dial in LINK above and complete the online registration form. Once registered you will receive the dial-in information and a unique PIN to join the call and ask questions.A replay of the webcast will be available by clicking on the webcast LINK above and will be archived on the Company's website for a limited period of time.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations or projects in Argentina  Brazil  Chile  and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  gold and nickel. In December 2024 the Company announced the sale of its European assets to Boliden. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025 subject to customary conditions and approvals.The information in this release is subject to the disclosure requirements of Lundin Mining under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on April 10  2025 at 4:00 pm Pacific Time.View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/lundin-mining-announces-dates-of-annual-meeting-of-shareholders-and-first-quarter-2025-results-call-302426158.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Lundin Mining Corporation', 'Annual Meeting', 'First Quarter', '2025 Results Call', 'Dates', 'Shareholders', 'diversified Canadian base metals mining company', 'First Quarter 2025 Results Conference Call', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'audited consolidated financial statements', 'accompanying Management Proxy Circular', 'first quarter 2025 operational', 'Bentall IV Centre', 'Chartered Professional Accountants', 'conference call details', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange', 'Analyst Q&A', 'Lundin Mining Corporation', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'online registration form', 'live audio webcast', 'related meeting materials', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'other meeting materials', 'Canadian Depositary', 'financial results', 'second quarter', 'associated management', 'other business', 'registration name', 'Computershare AB', 'Computershare Sweden', 'registered holders', 'associated materials', 'hybrid format', '1055 Dunsmuir Street', 'British Columbia', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP', 'executive compensation', 'paper copy', 'Securities Trade', 'unique PIN', 'limited period', 'United States', 'European assets', 'customary conditions', 'disclosure requirements', 'The Circular', 'paper copies', 'Electronic copies', 'The Company', 'record date', 'following purposes', 'advisory vote', 'electronic access', 'voting securities', 'ensuing year', 'Annual Meeting', 'Detailed information', 'additional information', 'Eligible shareholders', 'WEBCAST LINK', 'Vancouver time', 'notice shareholders', '11:30 a', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'LUMI', 'Thursday', 'May', 'person', 'Suite 2800', 'Canada', 'virtualshareholdermeeting', 'LUN2025', 'profile', 'SEDAR+', 'sedarplus', 'website', 'lundinmining', 'investors', 'corporate-filings', 'arrangements', 'proxyholders', 'March', 'telephone', 'items', 'consideration', 'report', 'auditors', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'approach', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', 'Wednesday', '7:00 AM', '10:00 AM', 'DIAL', 'questions', 'replay', 'operations', 'projects', 'Argentina', 'Brazil', 'Chile', 'America', 'copper', 'gold', 'nickel', 'December', 'sale', 'Boliden', 'transaction', 'approvals', 'release']",2025-04-06,2025-04-11,finanznachrichten.de
50031,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-04/65094516-talkpool-ag-talkpool-ag-unveils-strategic-growth-plan-vision-2030-399.htm,"TalkPool AG: Talkpool AG Unveils Strategic Growth Plan ""Vision 2030""","Talkpool AG (ISIN CH0322161768  Nasdaq First North: TALK  Deutsche Börse: TLKP)  a leading telecommunications network services provider  today announces its strategic growth plan ""Vision 2030"" designe","Talkpool AG (ISIN CH0322161768  Nasdaq First North: TALK  Deutsche Börse: TLKP)  a leading telecommunications network services provider  today announces its strategic growth plan ""Vision 2030"" designed to capitalize on market opportunities and technological advancements in the telecommunications sector.Executive Summary""Vision 2030"" outlines Talkpool's strategic initiatives to transform its business model  expand its service portfolio  and leverage cutting-edge technologies to drive sustainable growth and profitability. The strategy builds upon Talkpool's established market position while positioning the Company to capture high-growth opportunities in next-generation telecommunications services.""Our strategic plan represents a transformative approach that balances our traditional strengths with forward-looking innovation "" said Erik Strömstedt  executive Director of Talkpool AG. ""We are evolving from a conventional telecommunications services provider to a technology-enabled solutions partner for our clients.""Key Strategic Pillars1. Technology-Enhanced Service DeliveryTalkpool will implement a three-tiered delivery model:Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automation Integration: Maximizing technological solutions in service delivery to improve efficiency and quality Global Delivery Centers: Leveraging 1 300+ employees in strategic offshore locations to optimize cost structure while maintaining service excellence Strategic Local Presence: Deploying specialized on-site resources for high-value customer engagement and quality assurance2. Dual Growth EnginesCore Business ExpansionNetwork planning and optimization services for fibre  5G (including indoor) and beyondComprehensive network deployment capabilities targeting infrastructure investmentsOperations and maintenance services with enhanced Service Level Agreement performanceNext-Generation Service PortfolioAI-driven network optimization and predictive maintenance solutionsRemote network management and monitoring servicesSpecialized consulting in telecommunications-adjacent technologiesEnterprise solutions leveraging 5G network APIs and edge computingMarket Opportunity and PositioningThe global telecommunications services market is projected to reach $2 trillion by 2030  with particularly strong growth in:5G infrastructure deployment and optimization : Expected to grow at 35% CAGR  reaching $496 billion by 2030: Expected to grow at CAGR  reaching $496 billion by 2030 Fiber network expansion in underserved markets : Projected investment of $320 billion between 2025-2030: Projected investment of between 2025-2030 Enterprise network solutions and private networks : Anticipated to grow to $109 billion by 2030  representing a 28% CAGR: Anticipated to grow to $109 billion by 2030  representing a CAGR AI and automation in network management: Market expected to reach $58 billion by 2030  growing at 42% CAGRTalkpool is strategically positioned to address these opportunities through its established client relationships  technical expertise  and innovative service delivery model. The Company estimates that its total addressable market within these segments represents approximately €350 billion annually in its current operating regions. Talkpool's compound annual growth rate of 16.8% and EUR 40 million revenue target for 2030 seems achievable compared to the expected growth rates of 28%-42% in the markets listed above and the very large addressable market.Implementation Timeline2025 : Launch of enhanced remote services capabilities and initial AI-driven solutions: Launch of enhanced remote services capabilities and initial AI-driven solutions 2026-2027 : Expansion of technology-enabled service portfolio and strategic market entry: Expansion of technology-enabled service portfolio and strategic market entry 2028-2030: Full-scale deployment of integrated telecommunications solutions and adjacent servicesAbout Talkpool AGTalkpool AG is a leading telecommunications network services provider operating globally with extensive experience in network planning  fibre deployment  and innovative technology-enabled value-added services. Listed on Nasdaq First North (TALK) and Deutsche Börse (TLKP)  the Company serves major telecommunications operators and enterprises across multiple continents.Contact Information:for more information  please contact:Magnus Sparrholm  magnus@talkpool.com  +41 81 250 2020Certified Advisor: G&W Fondkommissionwww.talkpool.comThis information is information that Talkpool AG is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 09:00 CET on April 11  2025.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Strategic Growth Plan', 'TalkPool AG', 'Vision', 'leading telecommunications network services provider', 'EUR 40 million revenue target', 'conventional telecommunications services provider', 'Service Level Agreement performance', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'compound annual growth rate', 'innovative technology-enabled value-added services', 'quality Global Delivery Centers', 'enhanced remote services capabilities', 'Comprehensive network deployment capabilities', 'global telecommunications services market', 'innovative service delivery model', 'next-generation telecommunications services', 'major telecommunications operators', 'Remote network management', 'integrated telecommunications solutions', 'three-tiered delivery model', 'Technology-Enhanced Service Delivery', 'Nasdaq First North', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Erik Strömstedt', 'high-value customer engagement', 'current operating regions', 'G&W Fondkommission', 'technology-enabled solutions partner', 'technology-enabled service portfolio', 'Key Strategic Pillars', 'strategic offshore locations', 'Strategic Local Presence', 'initial AI-driven solutions', 'total addressable market', 'large addressable market', 'Dual Growth Engines', 'Next-Generation Service Portfolio', '5G network APIs', 'strategic market entry', 'predictive maintenance solutions', 'AI-driven network optimization', 'Fiber network expansion', 'strategic growth plan', '5G infrastructure deployment', 'Core Business Expansion', 'maintenance services', 'telecommunications sector', 'business model', 'optimization services', 'monitoring services', 'adjacent services', 'strategic plan', 'Network planning', 'quality assurance', 'service excellence', 'strategic initiatives', 'Full-scale deployment', 'technological solutions', 'Enterprise solutions', 'market position', 'Market Opportunity', 'sustainable growth', 'strong growth', 'growth rates', 'infrastructure investments', 'market opportunities', 'fibre deployment', 'technological advancements', 'Executive Summary', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'transformative approach', 'traditional strengths', 'forward-looking innovation', 'executive Director', 'Artificial Intelligence', '1,300+ employees', 'cost structure', 'site resources', 'telecommunications-adjacent technologies', 'edge computing', 'private networks', 'client relationships', 'technical expertise', 'Implementation Timeline', 'extensive experience', 'multiple continents', 'Certified Advisor', 'contact person', 'high-growth opportunities', 'Specialized consulting', 'underserved markets', 'Magnus Sparrholm', 'Talkpool AG', 'The Company', 'Contact Information', 'CAGR AI', '35% CAGR', '28% CAGR', '42% CAGR', 'TLKP', 'Vision', 'profitability', 'strategy', 'clients', 'Automation', 'Integration', 'efficiency', 'Operations', 'Positioning', 'segments', 'Launch', 'enterprises', 'publication', 'agency', 'April', '09:00']",2025-04-06,2025-04-11,finanznachrichten.de
50032,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-eckert-ziegler-proposes-dividend-of-8364-0-50-for-fy-2024-1034573202,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler Proposes Dividend of € 0.50 for FY 2024,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler SE    / Key word (s): Dividend Eckert & Ziegler Proposes Dividend of € 0.50 for FY 2024 11.04.2025 / 10:30 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler SE / Key word(s): DividendEckert & Ziegler Proposes Dividend of € 0.50 for FY 202411.04.2025 / 10:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Berlin  11 April 2025. The Supervisory Board of Eckert & Ziegler SE (ISIN DE0005659700  TecDAX) approved the Executive Board's resolution to propose a dividend of € 0.50 per share entitled to a dividend for the 2024 financial year at the Annual General Meeting to be held on June 18  2025 in Berlin. The 2024 annual financial statements of Eckert & Ziegler SE  which received an unqualified audit opinion  were approved at the balance sheet meeting on 10 April 2025.About Eckert & Ziegler.Eckert & Ziegler SE with more than 1.000 employees is a leading specialist for isotope-related components in nuclear medicine and radiation therapy. The company offers a broad range of services and products for the radiopharmaceutical industry  from early development work to contract manufacturing and distribution. Eckert & Ziegler shares (ISIN DE0005659700) are listed in the TecDax index of Deutsche Börse.Contributing to saving lives.For enquiries please contact:Eckert & Ziegler SEKarolin Riehle  Investor RelationsRobert-Rössle-Str. 10  13125 Berlin  GermanyTel.: +49 (0) 30 / 94 10 84-138karolin.riehle@ezag.de  www.ezag.com11.04.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['EQS-News', 'Eckert', 'Ziegler', 'Dividend', 'FY 2024', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Key word(s', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'unqualified audit opinion', 'balance sheet meeting', 'early development work', 'Deutsche Börse', '2024 annual financial statements', 'Executive Board', '2024 financial year', 'EQS News', 'EQS Group', 'leading specialist', 'isotope-related components', 'nuclear medicine', 'radiation therapy', 'broad range', 'radiopharmaceutical industry', 'Investor Relations', 'Robert-Rössle-Str.', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'Ziegler SE', 'Ziegler shares', 'TecDax index', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Karolin Riehle', 'EQS-News', 'Eckert', 'Dividend', 'FY 2024', '30 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'Berlin', '11 April', 'resolution', 'June', '10 April', '1.000 employees', 'company', 'products', 'manufacturing', 'ISIN', 'lives', 'enquiries', 'Germany', 'Tel.', 'ezag', 'Archive', '49']",2025-04-11,2025-04-11,markets.businessinsider.com
50033,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.di.se/pressreleaser/2025/04/11/talkpool-ag-unveils-strategic-growth-plan-vis-3e1d9de6-48a8-5271-a649-630fe4eeadb3/,"Talkpool AG Unveils Strategic Growth Plan ""Vision 2030""","Talkpool AG (ISIN CH0322161768  Nasdaq First North: TALK  Deutsche Börse: TLKP)  a leading telecommunications network services provider  today announces its strategic growth plan ""Vision 2030"" designed to capitalize on market opportunities and technological advancements in the telecommunications sector.","Executive Summary""Vision 2030"" outlines Talkpool's strategic initiatives to transform its business model  expand its service portfolio  and leverage cutting-edge technologies to drive sustainable growth and profitability. The strategy builds upon Talkpool's established market position while positioning the Company to capture high-growth opportunities in next-generation telecommunications services.""Our strategic plan represents a transformative approach that balances our traditional strengths with forward-looking innovation "" said Erik Strömstedt  executive Director of Talkpool AG. ""We are evolving from a conventional telecommunications services provider to a technology-enabled solutions partner for our clients.""Key Strategic Pillars1. Technology-Enhanced Service DeliveryTalkpool will implement a three-tiered delivery model:Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automation Integration: Maximizing technological solutions in service delivery to improve efficiency and quality Global Delivery Centers: Leveraging 1 300+ employees in strategic offshore locations to optimize cost structure while maintaining service excellence Strategic Local Presence: Deploying specialized on-site resources for high-value customer engagement and quality assurance2. Dual Growth EnginesCore Business ExpansionNetwork planning and optimization services for fibre  5G (including indoor) and beyondComprehensive network deployment capabilities targeting infrastructure investmentsOperations and maintenance services with enhanced Service Level Agreement performanceNext-Generation Service PortfolioAI-driven network optimization and predictive maintenance solutionsRemote network management and monitoring servicesSpecialized consulting in telecommunications-adjacent technologiesEnterprise solutions leveraging 5G network APIs and edge computingMarket Opportunity and PositioningThe global telecommunications services market is projected to reach $2 trillion by 2030  with particularly strong growth in:5G infrastructure deployment and optimization : Expected to grow at 35% CAGR  reaching $496 billion by 2030: Expected to grow at CAGR  reaching $496 billion by 2030 Fiber network expansion in underserved markets : Projected investment of $320 billion between 2025-2030: Projected investment of between 2025-2030 Enterprise network solutions and private networks : Anticipated to grow to $109 billion by 2030  representing a 28% CAGR: Anticipated to grow to $109 billion by 2030  representing a CAGR AI and automation in network management: Market expected to reach $58 billion by 2030  growing at 42% CAGRTalkpool is strategically positioned to address these opportunities through its established client relationships  technical expertise  and innovative service delivery model. The Company estimates that its total addressable market within these segments represents approximately €350 billion annually in its current operating regions. Talkpool's compound annual growth rate of 16.8% and EUR 40 million revenue target for 2030 seems achievable compared to the expected growth rates of 28%-42% in the markets listed above and the very large addressable market.Implementation Timeline2025 : Launch of enhanced remote services capabilities and initial AI-driven solutions: Launch of enhanced remote services capabilities and initial AI-driven solutions 2026-2027 : Expansion of technology-enabled service portfolio and strategic market entry: Expansion of technology-enabled service portfolio and strategic market entry 2028-2030: Full-scale deployment of integrated telecommunications solutions and adjacent servicesAbout Talkpool AGTalkpool AG is a leading telecommunications network services provider operating globally with extensive experience in network planning  fibre deployment  and innovative technology-enabled value-added services. Listed on Nasdaq First North (TALK) and Deutsche Börse (TLKP)  the Company serves major telecommunications operators and enterprises across multiple continents.Contact Information:for more information  please contact:Magnus Sparrholm  magnus@talkpool.com  +41 81 250 2020Certified Advisor: G&W Fondkommissionwww.talkpool.comThis information is information that Talkpool AG is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 09:00 CET on April 11  2025.Följande bilagor finns för nedladdning:PR TP Vision 2030Se fullständigt pressmeddelande och andra nyheter från detta bolag på Cision News.Vill du också synas med dina nyheter på Di.se?Läs mer om publicering på Di.se",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['Strategic Growth Plan', 'Talkpool AG', 'Vision', 'fullständigt pressmeddelande och andra nyheter från', 'också synas med dina nyheter', 'leading telecommunications network services provider', 'EUR 40 million revenue target', 'conventional telecommunications services provider', 'Service Level Agreement performance', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'compound annual growth rate', 'innovative technology-enabled value-added services', 'quality Global Delivery Centers', 'enhanced remote services capabilities', 'Comprehensive network deployment capabilities', 'global telecommunications services market', 'innovative service delivery model', 'next-generation telecommunications services', 'major telecommunications operators', 'integrated telecommunications solutions', 'three-tiered delivery model', 'Remote network management', 'Technology-Enhanced Service Delivery', 'Erik Strömstedt', 'high-value customer engagement', 'current operating regions', 'Nasdaq First North', 'Deutsche Börse', 'G&W Fondkommission', 'Följande bilagor', 'Läs mer', 'technology-enabled solutions partner', 'technology-enabled service portfolio', 'total addressable market', 'large addressable market', 'Key Strategic Pillars', 'strategic offshore locations', 'Strategic Local Presence', 'initial AI-driven solutions', 'Next-Generation Service Portfolio', 'Dual Growth Engines', 'strategic market entry', '5G network APIs', 'predictive maintenance solutions', 'AI-driven network optimization', 'Fiber network expansion', 'PR TP Vision', '5G infrastructure deployment', 'Core Business Expansion', 'maintenance services', 'business model', 'optimization services', 'monitoring services', 'adjacent services', 'quality assurance', 'Network planning', 'service excellence', 'market position', 'Market Opportunity', 'Full-scale deployment', 'strategic initiatives', 'strategic plan', 'technological solutions', 'Enterprise solutions', 'sustainable growth', 'strong growth', 'growth rates', 'infrastructure investments', 'fibre deployment', 'Executive Summary', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'transformative approach', 'traditional strengths', 'forward-looking innovation', 'executive Director', 'Artificial Intelligence', '1,300+ employees', 'cost structure', 'site resources', 'telecommunications-adjacent technologies', 'edge computing', 'private networks', 'client relationships', 'technical expertise', 'Implementation Timeline', 'extensive experience', 'multiple continents', 'Certified Advisor', 'contact person', 'bolag på', 'Cision News', 'Di.se', 'publicering på', 'high-growth opportunities', 'Specialized consulting', 'underserved markets', 'Magnus Sparrholm', 'Talkpool AG', 'The Company', 'Contact Information', 'CAGR AI', '35% CAGR', '28% CAGR', '42% CAGR', 'profitability', 'strategy', 'clients', 'Automation', 'Integration', 'efficiency', 'Operations', 'Positioning', 'segments', 'Launch', 'TLKP', 'enterprises', 'publication', 'agency', 'April', 'Vill', '09:00']",2025-04-11,2025-04-11,di.se
50034,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.theglobeandmail.com/investing/globe-advisor/advisor-funds/article-why-this-portfolio-manager-is-looking-to-europe-for-better-risk/,Why this portfolio manager is looking to Europe for better risk-adjusted returns,Katherine Owen of Mackenzie Investments says her team has been buying more defensive stocks in industries such as health care and consumer staples,Open this photo in gallery: Katherine Owen  a portfolio manager at Mackenzie Investments in Toronto.The Globe and MailLike most investors  money manager Katherine Owen may not have been prepared for the recent market meltdown brought on by U.S. President Donald Trump’s tariff war  but she says her team’s portfolios are built to withstand this type of volatility.“Our style and how we think about risk management is to hedge against different scenarios we think might play out ” says Ms. Owen  a portfolio manager at Mackenzie Investments in Toronto  who helps oversee about $22-billion in assets with the firm’s global equity and income team  including the $7-billion Mackenzie Global Dividend Fund  led by Darren McKiernan.In recent months  her team has been buying more defensive stocks in industries such as health care and consumer staples. It has also added companies in sectors the fund has never owned  such as utilities and telecommunications. Examples include buying AT&T Inc. T-N at the end of last year and Duke Energy Corp. DUK-N at the start of 2024.“Given the current environment and valuations and the risk-adjusted opportunity  we’ve weaved in more in these areas ” she says.Mackenzie Global Dividend Fund is about 60 per cent in U.S.-listed companies  20 per cent in Europe and the U.K.  and the rest in Asia and other parts of the world  including 3 per cent in Canada. The U.S. weighting is quite lower than the benchmark MSCI World Index  at 72 per cent.“We’re not making a macro call ” Ms. Owen says. “It’s more of a function of where we’re seeing opportunities. We’re seeing better risk-adjusted returns in Europe versus the U.S.”The fund has returned 16.4 per cent over the past 12 months and has a three-year annualized return of 12 per cent and a five-year annualized return of 14.9 per cent. The performance is based on total returns in Canadian dollars  net of fees  as of March 31.The Globe spoke with Ms. Owen recently about what she’s been buying and selling:Name three stocks you own today and why.Deutsche Börse AG is a stock we’ve owned on Germany’s Frankfurt Stock Exchange since we launched the fund 11 years ago. It has consistently been a top holding  and we continue to buy it with new money. We like it because of its strong leadership position in European financial markets.It’s a diversified financial services company that operates stock exchanges in Europe and is the region’s largest auction platform and a trade settlement hub. It’s like a toll road: every time a transaction occurs  Deutsche Börse collects a fee.It generates a lot of cash flow and has operating margins of more than 50 per cent – among the highest of all the companies we own in the fund. It’s also a business that does well in both up and down markets  and it pays a dividend that yields about 2 per cent.Itochu Corp. ITOCY  a Japanese general trading company  is a stock we bought on the Tokyo Stock Exchange a couple of years ago and continue to buy with new money. It’s one of Japan’s most global companies. It’s involved in importing and exporting everyday essentials such as textiles  machinery  metals and energy to more than 60 countries.The company is vertically integrated and has a lot of synergies between all of the businesses it operates. It’s also a well-respected company in Japan that attracts top talent in the country.Warren Buffett has become a major investor in recent years and owns about 10 per cent of the company. Itochu also has an attractive valuation and pays a 3-per-cent dividend yield that should be sustainable. Itochu  like many other global businesses  is exposed to tariffs. However  only about 6.5 per cent of its revenues are exposed to the U.S  and we expect continued limited impact on the fundamental business itself.AbbVie Inc. ABBV-N  the U.S. pharmaceutical giant  is a stock we bought on the New York Stock Exchange in November  2020. It’s a top holding  and we continue to add to it as we get additional fund inflows to maintain position size.AbbVie isn’t a hugely recognizable name  but its products are. The company created Humira  a prescription medication for rheumatoid arthritis  one of the best-selling drugs ever. It also bought Allergan about five years ago  which makes Botox  another popular drug.When we bought AbbVie five years ago  it had a very low valuation because Humira was going off-patent and facing increased competition  but we saw potential for some of its up-and-coming drugs  such as Skyrizi and Rinvoq [medications used to treat inflammatory bowel disease].AbbVie became a top holding in the fund and has doubled over the past five years  all while generating an attractive dividend that currently yields about 3.5 per cent. The stock has done well and we believe the outlook is still attractive. The stock isn’t as cheap  but we’re still comfortable owning it as one of our top 10 holdings.Name a stock you sold recently.Pernod Ricard SA PRNDY  the France-based spirits company behind brands such as Chivas Regal and Jameson Irish Whiskey  is a stock we had been trimming last year and finally exited this past fall. We owned it for about a decade on the Euronext Paris exchange.The barriers to entry for this and similar big consumer brands are much lower today  thanks to the internet and social media. It’s much easier for competitors to gain market traction and brand recognition. The rise of weight loss drugs may be leading people to drink less alcohol. We own spirits company Diageo PLC DEO-N  which owns Crown Royal  Johnnie Walker and Guinness  on the London Stock Exchange because we think it’s a better business.This interview has been edited and condensed.,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,mixed,0.68,0.18,0.14,True,English,"['portfolio manager', 'risk-adjusted returns', 'Europe', 'U.S. President Donald Trump', '$7-billion Mackenzie Global Dividend Fund', 'Pernod Ricard SA PRNDY', 'AT&T Inc. T-N', 'U.S. pharmaceutical giant', 'benchmark MSCI World Index', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Japanese general trading company', 'diversified financial services company', 'The U.S. weighting', 'many other global businesses', 'U.S.-listed companies', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'money manager Katherine Owen', 'three-year annualized return', 'five-year annualized return', 'European financial markets', 'largest auction platform', 'trade settlement hub', '3-per-cent dividend yield', 'inflammatory bowel disease', 'Jameson Irish Whiskey', 'strong leadership position', 'recent market meltdown', 'France-based spirits company', 'additional fund inflows', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'past five years', 'Duke Energy Corp.', 'global equity', 'global companies', 'new money', 'U.K.', 'Mackenzie Investments', 'other parts', 'attractive dividend', 'recent years', 'portfolio manager', 'The Globe', 'past 12 months', 'down markets', 'position size', 'Ms. Owen', 'recent months', 'AbbVie Inc.', 'most investors', 'tariff war', 'risk management', 'different scenarios', 'Darren McKiernan', 'defensive stocks', 'health care', 'consumer staples', 'last year', 'current environment', 'risk-adjusted opportunity', 'macro call', 'risk-adjusted returns', 'total returns', 'Canadian dollars', 'three stocks', 'top holding', 'toll road', 'cash flow', 'operating margins', 'everyday essentials', 'top talent', 'Warren Buffett', 'major investor', 'attractive valuation', 'limited impact', 'recognizable name', 'prescription medication', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'selling drugs', 'popular drug', 'low valuation', 'coming drugs', 'top 10 holdings', 'Chivas Regal', '3 per cent', '72 per cent', '16.4 per cent', '12 per cent', '14.9 per cent', '50 per cent', 'Itochu Corp.', '10 per cent', '6.5 per cent', '3.5 per cent', 'stock exchanges', 'fundamental business', 'income team', '60 per', 'photo', 'gallery', 'Toronto', 'Mail', 'portfolios', 'type', 'volatility', 'style', 'assets', 'firm', 'industries', 'sectors', 'utilities', 'telecommunications', 'Examples', 'DUK-N', 'start', 'valuations', 'areas', 'rest', 'Asia', 'Canada', 'function', 'opportunities', 'performance', 'fees', 'March', 'Germany', 'region', 'transaction', 'lot', 'up', 'ITOCY', 'textiles', 'machinery', 'metals', '60 countries', 'synergies', 'country', 'tariffs', 'revenues', 'ABBV-N', 'November', 'products', 'Humira', 'Allergan', 'Botox', 'patent', 'competition', 'potential', 'Skyrizi', 'Rinvoq', 'medications', 'outlook', 'brands']",2025-04-11,2025-04-11,theglobeandmail.com
50035,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3058984/0/en/CMB-TECH-publishes-its-annual-report-and-submits-Form-20-F-for-the-year-ended-31-December-2024.html,CMB.TECH publishes its annual report and submits Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024,Antwerp  April 10  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CMB.TECH NV (NYSE: CMBT & Euronext: CMBT) (“CMB.TECH” or the “Company”) published its annual report in accordance with Belgian law for the year ended on 31 December 2024 on the Company’s website in the “Investors” s…,Antwerp  April 10  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CMB.TECH NV (NYSE: CMBT & Euronext: CMBT) (“CMB.TECH” or the “Company”) published its annual report in accordance with Belgian law for the year ended on 31 December 2024 on the Company’s website in the “Investors” section under “Annual and financial reports”.Furthermore  CMB.TECH’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024 was submitted on Wednesday 9 April 2025 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The annual report on Form 20-F will be available to download from CMB.TECH’s website in the “Investors” section under “SEC Filings”. Printed copies of the audited financial statements included in the financial report and 20F can be requested free of charge via e-mail at marcom@cmb.tech or by telephone +32 3 247 59 11.Announcement first quarter 2025 results – 14 May 2025About CMB.TECHCMB.TECH is a diversified and future-proof maritime group. We own and operate more than 150 seagoing vessels: crude oil tankers  dry bulk vessels  container ships  chemical tankers  offshore wind vessels & workboats. We also offer hydrogen and ammonia fuel to customers  through own production or third-party producers.The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices across Europe  Asia  United States and Africa.CMB.TECH is listed on Euronext Brussels and the NYSE under the ticker symbol CMBT.More information can be found at https://cmb.techForward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words “believe”  “anticipate”  “intends”  “estimate”  “forecast”  “project”  “plan”  “potential”  “may”  “should”  “expect”  “pending” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.25,0.58,True,English,"['annual report', 'CMB', 'TECH', 'Form', 'year', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'U.S. Securities', 'United States Securities', 'future-proof maritime group', 'safe harbor protections', 'safe harbor provisions', 'safe harbor legislation', 'first quarter 2025 results', 'crude oil tankers', 'tanker vessel capacity', 'international political conditions', 'dry bulk vessels', 'offshore wind vessels', 'historical operating trends', 'general market conditions', 'charter counterparty performance', 'other important factors', 'future litigation', 'The Company', 'other factors', 'chemical tankers', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'charter rates', 'vessel values', 'operating expenses', 'general domestic', 'political events', '150 seagoing vessels', 'vessels breakdowns', 'other risks', 'other statements', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Belgian law', 'Investors” section', 'financial reports', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'container ships', 'ammonia fuel', 'third-party producers', 'ticker symbol', 'More information', 'press release', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'world economies', 'bunker prices', 'insurance costs', 'governmental rules', 'regulatory authorities', 'potential liability', 'potential disruption', 'shipping routes', 'complete discussion', 'financial statements', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'annual report', 'other data', 'Wednesday 9 April', 'SEC Filings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'significant uncertainties', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'financing arrangements', 'TECH NV', 'cmb.tech', 'Antwerp', 'NYSE', 'CMBT', 'accordance', 'year', '31 December', 'website', 'copies', '20F', 'charge', 'mail', 'marcom', 'telephone', 'Announcement', '14 May', 'diversified', 'workboats', 'hydrogen', 'customers', 'production', 'Belgium', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'Matters', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'management', 'examination', 'records', 'contingencies', 'control', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'addition', 'view', 'failure', 'counterparties', 'contracts', 'strength', 'currencies', 'fluctuations', 'changes', 'demand', 'dry-docking', 'availability', 'refinancing', 'covenants', 'regulations', 'actions', 'pending', 'accidents', 'instances', 'hires', 'Attachment']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50036,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059644/0/en/Availability-of-Transgene-s-2024-Universal-Registration-Document-URD.html,Availability of Transgene’s 2024 Universal Registration Document (URD),Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  announces that the French version of its 2024 Universal Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Aut…,Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  announces that the French version of its 2024 Universal Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – AMF) on April 10  2025  under number D.25-0243.This document  available on the AMF’s website (www.amf-france.org)  can be viewed and downloaded (in PDF format in French and English  and in ESEF format in French only) on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr)It includes the following documents:the Annual Financial Report;the Board of Directors’ Corporate Governance Report;the Statutory Auditors’ Reports;information on the Company’s share capital  including the share buyback program;information on the Statutory Auditors’ fees.The Universal Registration Document also includes information on the Company’s Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) factors.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['2024 Universal Registration Document', 'Availability', 'Transgene', 'URD', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Directors’ Corporate Governance Report', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Annual Financial Report', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'Statutory Auditors’ Reports', 'Statutory Auditors’ fees', 'share buyback program', 'share capital', 'Euronext Paris', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'French version', 'PDF format', 'ESEF format', 'following documents', 'Environmental, Social', 'ESG) factors', 'biotech company', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'AMF', 'April', 'number', 'website', 'france', 'org', 'English', 'Board', 'information', 'Attachment']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50037,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059539/0/en/LECTRA-confirms-its-eligibility-for-the-PEA-PME-scheme.html,LECTRA confirms its eligibility for the PEA-PME scheme,Press release                                Contact: investor.relations@lectra.com ...,Press releaseContact: investor.relations@lectra.comLECTRA confirms its eligibility for the PEA-PME schemeParis  April 10  2025– LECTRA  a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris  compartment B  confirms that it meets the criteria for the PEA-PME savings plans set forth in Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  i.e. market capitalization below 2 billion euros.Consequently  investment in Lectra shares (FR0000065484  LSS) can be made through PEA-PME savings accounts.About LectraAs a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The Group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The Group is proud to state that its 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 527 million euros in 2024. The company is listed on Euronext  where it is included in the following indices: CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150.For more information  visit lectra.com.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 966 274 – RCS Paris 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'LECTRA', 'eligibility', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'PEA-PME savings plans', 'PEA-PME savings accounts', 'CAC All Shares', 'French Monetary', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'CAC Technology', 'ENT PEA-PME', 'Press release', 'Financial Code', '2 billion euros', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'The Group', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '527 million euros', 'following indices', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', 'Lectra shares', 'market capitalization', 'RCS Paris', 'Euronext Paris', 'Contact', 'investor', 'relations', 'eligibility', 'company', 'compartment', 'criteria', 'Article', 'investment', 'LSS', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'boldness', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'companies', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '3,000 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '1']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50038,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059020/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-April-3-April-9-2025.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 3 – April 9  2025,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details April 3 – April 9  2025  Alphen aan den Rijn – April 10  2025...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details April 3 – April 9  2025Alphen aan den Rijn – April 10  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 124 929 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 3  2025  up to and including April 9  2025  for €17.5 million and at an average share price of €140.42.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 26  2025  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 1 billion during 2025.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2025Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2025 to date 1 511 736 234.0 154.78For the period starting February 28  2025  up to and including May 5  2025  we have engaged a third party to execute €155 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 600 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relationspress@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'professional information', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'Further information', 'information solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'software solutions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'April', 'WKL', 'services', 'repurchases', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,600 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50039,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059567/0/en/Voltalia-SA-Total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-in-the-share-capital-as-of-March-31-2025.html,Voltalia SA: Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of March 31  2025,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of March 31  2025 (Articles L. 233-8 (II) of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority),Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 3.3 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 17.4 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 2 000 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Voltalia SA', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'March', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', 'renewable energy sector', 'energy efficiency services', 'Euronext regulated market', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'renewable energy projects', 'corporate market', 'Sustainalytics ratings', 'international player', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'Voltalia', 'operation', 'construction', '3.3 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '17.4 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '2,000 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'Paris', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'others']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50040,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059512/0/en/ARGAN-signed-a-new-lease-to-develop-its-15th-Aut0nom-warehouse-10-April-2025.html,ARGAN signed a new lease to develop its 15th Aut0nom® warehouse  10 April 2025,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  April 10  2025 – 5.45 pm     ARGAN signed a new lease to develop its 15th Aut0nom® warehouse    A few days......,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  April 10  2025 – 5.45 pmARGAN signed a new lease to developits 15th Aut0nom® warehouseA few days after inaugurating a new Aut0nom® warehouse in the European metropolitan area of Metz  ARGAN just signed a new lease in future state of completion for the development of a new Aut0nom® asset of 18 300 sq.m in the city of Louailles (72)  between Le Mans and Angers  along the A11 French highway. Works for this new project will start at the end of April.Rights: A26 architectsA logistics real estate project that will be delivered in record timingThe new project is taking place half-way between Angers and Le Mans  in Louailles  close to the A11 French highway. First milestones on the works should take place in April with the delivery of a first phase of the new building by the end of 2025. This is a record timing for ARGAN that managed to meet its future client’s very tight schedule  which is a company specializing in gardening and outdoor spaces appliances. This future client-tenant has also committed to a long fixed-term lease for 12 years.A 15th Aut0nom® project developed by ARGAN in less than 3 yearsAs for all new developments by ARGAN  this platform will be labelled Aut0nom® .A photovoltaic power station with 300 kWp will be installed on the roof in addition to batteries for energy storage in a capacity of 200 KWh that will enable covering the site’s needs in terms of lighting  and heating. Heating will be ensured by electric heat pumps with way higher yields than standard gas boilers and thus limit CO 2 emissions. Finally  all Aut0nom® equipment will help divide by a factor of 10 CO 2 emissions of the site. Residual emissions will be compensated through a reforestation plan deployed in the city of Cestas (33). As such  the site will be carbon neutral for the in-use phase.This project takes to 15 the number of Aut0nom® -labelled sites since the first one was inaugurated on the site of Serris in the Paris area in September 2022. The success of this warehouse format testifies to the relevance of this virtuous model regarding energy and carbon footprint matters.Ronan Le Lan  Chairman of ARGAN’s Executive Board: “ARGAN is pursuing its growth path by investing in the booming French Atlantic Arc market  after an initial phase of strong historical development in the Paris area  followed by the North-South logistics French corridor. This new project is confirming our development strategy and enables our real estate company to push our €220 million investment plan further over the 2025-2026 years.”2025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 17: Half-year results 2025October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20252026 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 5: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2025quarter 2025 January 22: Annual results 2025March 26: General Assembly 2026About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market in France. Building on a unique customer-centric approach  ARGAN develops PREMIUM and Au0nom® -labelled – i.e.  carbon-neutral in use – pre-let warehouses for blue-chip companies  with tailor-made services throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.As at December 31  2024  ARGAN represented a portfolio of 3.7 million sq.m  with about a hundred warehouses solely located in the continental area of France. Appraised at a total of €3.9 billion  this portfolio generates a yearly rental income of close to €205 million (yearly rental income based on the portfolio delivered as at Dec. 31  2024).Profitability  well-mastered debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. The financial solidity of the Group’s model is notably reflected in its Investment-grade rating (BBB- with a stable outlook) with Standard & Poor’s. ARGAN is also deploying a committed ESG policy addressing all its stakeholders. Achievements as part of this roadmap are regularly recognized by third-party agencies such as Sustainalytics (low extra-financial risk)  Ethifinance (gold medal) and Ecovadis (silver medal – top 15% amongst rated companies).ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['15th Aut0nom® warehouse', 'new lease', 'ARGAN', 'booming French Atlantic Arc market', 'North-South logistics French corridor', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment company', 'logistics real estate project', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'A 15th Aut0nom® project', 'A11 French highway', 'outdoor spaces appliances', 'photovoltaic power station', 'electric heat pumps', 'carbon footprint matters', 'unique customer-centric approach', 'committed ESG policy', 'low extra-financial risk', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', '15th Aut0nom® warehouse', '€220 million investment plan', 'long fixed-term lease', 'Ronan Le Lan', 'European metropolitan area', 'yearly rental income', 'standard gas boilers', 'new Aut0nom® asset', 'strong historical development', 'new Aut0nom® warehouse', 'French SIIC', 'Aut0nom® equipment', 'warehouse format', 'new project', 'new lease', 'reforestation plan', 'project phases', 'Le Mans', 'Paris area', 'rental management', 'continental area', 'new building', 'new developments', 'Press release', 'A26 architects', 'record timing', 'First milestones', 'first phase', 'tight schedule', 'higher yields', 'CO 2 emissions', 'Residual emissions', 'labelled sites', 'first one', 'Executive Board', 'growth path', 'initial phase', '2025 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Net sales', 'Half-year results', '2026 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'leading player', 'tailor-made services', '3.7 million sq', 'financial solidity', 'Investment-grade rating', 'stable outlook', 'third-party agencies', 'gold medal', 'silver medal', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'development strategy', 'development milestones', 'future client', 'hundred warehouses', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'energy storage', 'use phase', 'virtuous model', 'blue-chip companies', '2025-2026 years', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', '18,300 sq', '12 years', '3 years', 'Thursday', 'April', 'ARGAN', 'Metz', 'completion', 'city', 'Louailles', 'Angers', 'Works', 'Rights', 'place', 'delivery', 'gardening', 'less', 'platform', '300 kWp', 'roof', 'addition', 'batteries', '200 KWh', 'needs', 'terms', 'lighting', 'heating', 'factor', 'Cestas', 'number', 'Serris', 'September', 'success', 'relevance', 'Chairman', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'January', 'March', 'Au0nom®', 'December', 'portfolio', 'total', 'Dec.', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'Group', 'BBB', 'Poor', 'stakeholders', 'Achievements', 'roadmap', 'Sustainalytics', 'Ethifinance', 'Ecovadis', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50041,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/w172zss05prgrbj,Newshour  Europe and Asia markets rally after tariffs pause,Financial markets in Europe and Asia rally after Donald Trump pauses his extra tariffs on all countries except China. How do businesses plan amid the turmoil? And is this a major re-set for global trade? Also in the programme: Sudan brings a genocide case a…,Financial markets in Europe and Asia rally after Donald Trump pauses his extra tariffs on all countries except China. How do businesses plan amid the turmoil?Financial markets in Europe and Asia rally after Donald Trump pauses his extra tariffs on all countries except China. How do businesses plan amid the turmoil? And is this a major re-set for global trade?Also in the programme: Sudan brings a genocide case against the United Arab Emirates to the UN's highest court; and the Cartier exhibition about to open in London.(IMAGE: A stock market indicator in the operations room at the Euronext stock exchange headquarters in Paris shows France's CAC 40 rally over 5 percent as US eases tariffs  10 Apr 2025 / CREDIT: Mandatory Credit: Photo by YOAN VALAT/EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock),neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Asia markets', 'tariffs pause', 'Newshour', 'Europe', 'Euronext stock exchange headquarters', 'stock market indicator', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Financial markets', 'Donald Trump', 'major re', 'global trade', 'genocide case', 'highest court', 'Cartier exhibition', 'operations room', 'CAC 40 rally', 'US eases', 'YOAN VALAT/EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock', 'extra tariffs', 'Mandatory Credit', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'countries', 'China', 'businesses', 'turmoil', 'programme', 'Sudan', 'London', 'IMAGE', 'Paris', 'France', '5 percent', 'Apr', 'Photo']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,bbc.co.uk
50042,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3058968/0/en/Fagron-to-present-its-upgraded-growth-strategy-and-mid-term-financial-targets-at-its-Capital-Markets-Day-2025.html,Fagron to present its upgraded growth strategy and mid-term financial targets at its Capital Markets Day 2025,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  10 April 2025 – 7AM CET  Fagron to present its upgraded growth strategy and...,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  10 April 2025 – 7AM CETFagron to present its upgraded growth strategy and mid-term financial targets at its Capital Markets Day 2025Fagron  the leading global player in pharmaceutical compounding will host its Capital Markets Day 2025 today from 2PM CET. The event will include presentations from CEO Rafael Padilla and CFO Karin de Jong  as well as regional and functional leaders. The Company will provide an update on its strategic direction  financial ambitions and regional dynamics.Compounding for Growth plan (2025 – 2030)^Organic revenue CAGR at CER: high single digit to low double digitsREBITDA margin: c.21.0% by 2027  with a progressive increase through 2030Operating Cash Flow conversion: ≥70%Free Cash Flow conversion: ≥50%*Capex as a percentage of revenue: 3.5%Net debt to EBITDA mid-term target of 2.8x. Maximum leverage of 3.5xCapital allocation strategy focused on value creation through a combination of organic investments  M&A and an attractive dividend policyRafael Padilla  CEO of Fagron:“Today we are setting out the next phase of our journey – a phase defined by strategic clarity  disciplined execution and financial ambition. We see a clear path to accelerating our growth profile. Over the 2025 – 2030 period  we aim to deliver high-single digit to low-double digit organic revenue growth CAGR  with margin expansion and sustained cash generation.Regionally  we expect EMEA to grow in the mid-single digits  Latin America in the high-single digits  and North America in the low-mid teens. This reflects our strong market positioning  favorable underlying demand for personalized medicine  and strong execution capabilities across the organization. The acceleration is driven by faster growth in Compounding Services than B&E  while Brands will grow faster than Essentials.We expect our REBITDA margin to reach c.21.0% by 2027  followed by a progressive increase through to 2030. Margin will be supported by Operational Excellence initiatives  higher contribution from our Global Brands Strategy and benefits of operating leverage.We will maintain our high cash generating capabilities and remain disciplined on capital deployment with our Capex as a percentage of revenue at 3.5%. M&A remains a value creation engine and we remain focused on market consolidation  product capabilities and geographic expansion.We have built strong foundations over the past few years and are well positioned to execute on our strategic priorities to create significant stakeholder value.”^Assuming no significant changes in current market conditions*Free Cash Flow conversion excluding one-off CapexStrategic OverviewFagron’s strategy for 2025 – 2030 is built around four clear priorities designed to strengthen its leadership in pharmaceutical compounding and drive sustainable value creation:1. Strengthen global leadership in EssentialsFagron will maintain its #1 position in the repackaging and distribution of pharmaceutical raw materials across core markets while driving operational excellence through SKU harmonization  sourcing optimization  and regulatory preparedness.2. Accelerate growth in BrandsThe Global Brands Strategy will be a key growth and margin driver  increasing its share of B&E revenue. The company is scaling proven Brands globally  supported by scientific validation  prescriber engagement  and infrastructure readiness.3. Expand sterile compounding servicesFagron is investing in high-quality sterile capacity and capabilities across all regions  aiming to become a leading global platform for personalized sterile medicines. Facility upgrades  automation  and regulatory strength will underpin this expansion.4. Optimize non-sterile compounding and registration businessIn non-sterile compounding  the focus is on margin improvement through operational leverage  automation  and improved quality processes. The registration business will be further refined to support high-barrier  high-value market segments.This strategy is supported by targeted investments  disciplined capital allocation  and a globally aligned leadership team focused on execution and long-term value creation.Registration video webcastToday’s event can be followed via a video webcast. Registration for the webcast is available via this link. The presentation will be available to download from the Fagron website 12PM CET.Further informationIgnacio ArtolaGlobal Investor Relations LeaderTel. +34 670 385 795ignacio.artola@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics  and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.The Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.Important information regarding forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be deemed to be forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. Consequently  Fagron cannot provide any guarantee that such forward-looking statements will  in fact  materialize and cannot accept any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or for any other reason.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,positive,0.54,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['upgraded growth strategy', 'mid-term financial targets', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Fagron', 'low-double digit organic revenue growth CAGR', 'CFO Karin de Jong', 'Free Cash Flow conversion', 'Global Investor Relations Leader', 'high-barrier, high-value market segments', 'Operating Cash Flow conversion', 'high cash generating capabilities', 'one-off Capex Strategic Overview', 'Fagron website 12PM CET', 'Organic revenue CAGR', 'The Global Brands Strategy', 'high single digit', 'sustained cash generation', 'leading global player', 'leading global platform', 'EBITDA mid-term target', 'attractive dividend policy', 'current market conditions', 'strong market positioning', 'high-quality sterile capacity', 'value creation engine', 'sustainable value creation', 'long-term value creation', 'Capital Markets Day', 'mid-term financial targets', 'low double digits', 'Capital allocation strategy', 'significant stakeholder value', 'disciplined capital allocation', 'pharmaceutical raw materials', 'leading global company', 'upgraded growth strategy', 'four clear priorities', 'personalized sterile medicines', 'B&E revenue', 'Operational Excellence initiatives', 'strong execution capabilities', 'sterile compounding services', 'CEO Rafael Padilla', 'Registration video webcast', 'organic investments', 'high-single digit', 'operating leverage', 'market consolidation', 'strategic priorities', 'global leadership', 'capital deployment', 'The Netherlands', 'The Company', 'strong foundations', 'core markets', 'Growth plan', 'growth profile', 'faster growth', 'key growth', 'strategic direction', 'strategic clarity', 'disciplined execution', 'clear path', 'product capabilities', 'significant changes', 'financial ambitions', 'mid-single digits', 'personalized medicine', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'operational leverage', 'operational activities', 'proven Brands', 'Regulated information', 'functional leaders', 'progressive increase', 'Net debt', 'Maximum leverage', 'M&A', 'Latin America', 'North America', 'low-mid teens', 'underlying demand', 'higher contribution', 'SKU harmonization', 'sourcing optimization', 'regulatory preparedness', 'scientific validation', 'prescriber engagement', 'infrastructure readiness', 'Facility upgrades', 'regulatory strength', 'registration business', 'quality processes', 'targeted investments', 'Further information', 'Belgian company', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'Dutch company', 'REBITDA margin', 'margin driver', 'margin improvement', 'geographic expansion', 'leadership team', 'regional dynamics', 'next phase', 'margin expansion', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'Ignacio Artola', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '10 April', '7AM', 'event', 'presentations', 'update', 'CER', 'percentage', '3.5x', 'combination', 'journey', '2025 – 2030 period', 'EMEA', 'favorable', 'organization', 'acceleration', 'Essentials', 'benefits', 'past', 'years', 'repackaging', 'distribution', 'share', 'regions', 'automation', 'focus', 'link', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'office', '2.8']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50043,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059014/0/en/WisdomTree-Multi-Asset-Issuer-PLC-the-Issuer-Restrike-of-WisdomTree-S-P-500-VIX-Short-Term-Futures-2-25x-Daily-Leveraged-the-Impacted-Product.html,WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLC (the “Issuer”) Restrike of WisdomTree S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures 2.25x Daily Leveraged (the “Impacted Product”),WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLC LEI: 2138003QW2ZAYZODBU2310 April 2025  WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLC(the “Issuer”)Restrike of WisdomTree S&P...,WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLCLEI: 2138003QW2ZAYZODBU2310 April 2025WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLC(the “Issuer”)Restrike of WisdomTree S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures 2.25x Daily Leveraged(the “Impacted Product”)The Issuer announces that due to movements in S&P 500 VIX futures contract prices referenced by the S&P 500 VIX Short-term Futures Index (09:30-16:00 ET)  a Restrike Event has occurred with respect to the Impacted Product. The details of the restrike are as follows:Start of Restrike Period: 20:31:51 (London time) on 9 April 2025End of Restrike Period: 20:46:51 (London time) on 9 April 2025Restrike Price per ETP Security: $28.1693375Restrike threshold: 25%Index: S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures (0930-1600 ET) (USD) ER indexThe Restrike Price per ETP Security has been calculated based on the Restrike Index Level. The Restrike Index Level has been calculated based on the above value of the underlying asset in accordance with the index methodology.Terms used in this notice and not otherwise defined bear the same meanings as where used in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 5 September 2024.Details of the Impacted Product are set out below:Product Name ISIN Exchange Trading Currency Exchange Ticker SEDOL Bloomberg Ticker Reuters Instrument Code WisdomTreeS&P 500 VIXShort-TermFutures2.25 DailyLeveragedXS2819843736LSEUSD VIXL BT19SX7 VIXL LN VIXL.L GBx VILX BT19T01 VILX LN VILX.L Borsa Italiana EUR VIXL BSBHQP2 VIXL IM VIXL.MI Xetra EUR VIXL BSBHQT6 VIXL GY VIXL.DE Euronext Paris EUR VIXL BSBHQW9 VIXL FP VIXL.PAFurther information is available on the website of WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLC at www.wisdomtree.eu or by email to europesupport@wisdomtree.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.33,0.04,True,English,"['WisdomTree S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures', 'WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLC', 'Impacted Product', 'Restrike', '25x', 'VIXL BT19SX7 VIXL LN VIXL.L GBx VILX BT19T01 VILX LN VILX.L Borsa Italiana', 'VIXL BSBHQT6 VIXL GY VIXL.DE Euronext Paris', 'SEDOL Bloomberg Ticker Reuters Instrument Code WisdomTree', 'VIXL BSBHQW9 VIXL FP VIXL.PA', 'ISIN Exchange Trading Currency Exchange Ticker', 'S&P 500 VIX futures contract prices', 'WisdomTree S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures', 'S&P 500 VIX Short-term Futures Index', 'WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer PLC', 'VIXL BSBHQP2 VIXL', 'VIXL.MI Xetra', 'The Restrike Index Level', '2.25 Daily Leveraged XS2819843736', 'The Restrike Price', 'underlying asset', 'The Issuer', 'ER index', 'index methodology', '25x Daily', 'Restrike Event', 'Restrike Period', 'Restrike threshold', 'Impacted Product', 'London time', 'ETP Security', 'above value', 'same meanings', 'base prospectus', 'Product Name', 'Further information', 'LEI', '2138003QW2ZAYZODBU23', '10 April', 'movements', 'respect', 'details', 'Start', '9 April', 'End', 'accordance', 'Terms', 'notice', 'LSE', 'website', 'email']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50044,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059165/0/en/Eviden-signs-a-50-million-euro-contract-to-build-Serbia-s-National-AI-Factory.html,Eviden signs a 50-million-euro contract to build Serbia’s National AI Factory,Eviden will bring together a unique comprehensive set of AI capabilities – supercomputing power for AI  software layer and AI use-cases development ...,"Eviden will bring together a unique comprehensive set of AI capabilities – supercomputing power for AI  software layer and AI use-cases developmentParis  France – April 10  2025 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in digital  cloud  big data and security today announces the signature of a 50-million-euro contract with the Serbia’s Office for IT and eGovernment. Together  Eviden and the Serbian administration will deploy a National AI Factory – composed of an AI Center of Excellence and a leading AI-dedicated supercomputing platform – aiming to accelerate Serbia’s AI capabilities and foster innovation across key sectors while reinforcing its technological autonomy using European technologies.More than just a simple infrastructure  an AI Factory is an extensive and complete set of shared AI-dedicated assets – talents  expertise  software  hardware – to foster AI innovation and growth  to democratize its use and to drive successful large-scale projects. By providing all necessary resources with European technologies through this single contract  Eviden will empower Serbia to address the growing challenges and requirements of AI.This new National AI Factory  a first in the Balkan region  will integrate cutting-edge supercomputing resources  advanced software layers and specialized vertical expertise for use-case design and deployment. This dynamic ecosystem will be made accessible to Serbian public institutions  academic players and businesses in order to harness the power of AI and address critical challenges in health  energy  transportation and administration.To meet Serbia’s needs for computing power  Eviden will deploy its BullSequana XH3000 supercomputer  designed and manufactured in its French flagship factory. With up to 25 PetaFlops of computational power – the equivalent of 25 million billion operations per second – as well as 300 GPUs and 2.5 Petabytes of storage  this AI supercomputer will serve as the backbone of this AI Center of Excellence  providing the necessary computing power to develop and run innovative AI use cases.In addition to this AI-dedicated hardware  the project will see the implementation of Eviden’s BullSequana AI platform  designed to accelerate AI applications development. The Eviden software layer will integrate Mistral AI assets who brings its leading European GenAI models to help drive groundbreaking use cases.This combination of hardware and software capabilities will be complemented by a vertical AI expertise drawn from Eviden’s teams in France  Czech Republic and Serbian AI ecosystem. These AI specialists will bring their deep understanding of sector-specific needs  ensuring an effective application of AI to Serbia’s strategic sectors. They will also assist in recruiting and training engineers and academics across Serbia  ensuring the AI Center of Excellence becomes a self-sustaining hub for innovation.Mihailo Jovanovic PhD  Director of the Office for IT and eGovernment  Government of the Republic of Serbia said “This partnership with Eviden  Europe’s leading supercomputing and AI player  is a historic moment for our country’s digital future  demonstrating the spirit of Franco-Serbian cooperation. It is not just a technological leap but a statement of our commitment to foster innovation  advanced our economy and strengthen our position as regional leader in AI. This project is a key step towards implementing Serbia’s vision in accordance with ""Leap into the Future – Serbia 2027"" Program and plans for further modernization  digitalization  and the application of artificial intelligence.”Emmanuel Le Roux  Head of Advanced Computing  Eviden  Atos Group said “With its investment and current leading responsibility in the Global Partnership on AI  Serbia has been at the forefront of AI research and application in Europe. This one-of-a-kind project is yet another example of its commitment toward technological advanced and economic growth  while contributing to the strategic cooperation between France and Serbia for AI and reinforcing the country’s technological sovereignty. It underlines Eviden’s unique end-to-end positioning and demonstrates once again how Europe’s technology leaders can drive AI innovation while ensuring technological autonomy and sovereignty.”***About Eviden1Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 41 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 78 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 10 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 68 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.About Mistral AIMistral AI is a pioneer company in generative artificial intelligence  empowering the world with the tools to build and benefit from the most transformative technology of our time. The company democratizes AI through high-performance  optimized  and cutting-edge open-source models  products and solutions. Headquartered in France and independent  Mistral AI defends a decentralized and transparent approach to technology  with a strong global presence in the United States  United Kingdom  and Singapore.Press contactConstance Arnoux – constance.arnoux@eviden.com - +33 6 44 12 16 351 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  X-Perion.Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2025.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['National AI Factory', '50-million-euro contract', 'Eviden', 'Serbia', 'leading European GenAI models', 'new National AI Factory', 'innovative AI use cases', 'leading AI-dedicated supercomputing platform', 'The Eviden software layer', 'current leading responsibility', 'worldwide leading positions', 'groundbreaking use cases', 'successful large-scale projects', 'French flagship factory', '25 million billion operations', 'Emmanuel Le Roux', 'Serbian public institutions', 'BullSequana AI platform', 'BullSequana XH3000 supercomputer', 'cutting-edge supercomputing resources', 'specialized vertical expertise', 'AI use-cases development', 'AI applications development', 'unique comprehensive set', 'Mistral AI assets', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'advanced software layers', 'vertical AI expertise', 'next-gen technology leader', 'Serbian AI ecosystem', 'Atos Group business', 'Atos Group company', 'necessary computing power', 'leading supercomputing', 'AI-dedicated assets', 'necessary resources', 'supercomputing power', 'AI supercomputer', 'European technologies', 'complete set', 'dynamic ecosystem', 'European number', 'software capabilities', 'regional leader', 'global leader', 'deep expertise', 'Advanced Computing', 'high-performance computing', 'unique end', 'Serbian administration', 'AI capabilities', 'AI Center', 'AI specialists', 'AI player', 'AI research', '50-million-euro contract', 'key sectors', 'simple infrastructure', 'single contract', 'growing challenges', 'Balkan region', 'use-case design', 'academic players', 'critical challenges', 'computational power', 'AI-dedicated hardware', 'deep understanding', 'strategic sectors', 'training engineers', 'self-sustaining hub', 'Mihailo Jovanovic', 'historic moment', 'Franco-Serbian cooperation', 'key step', 'artificial intelligence', 'strategic cooperation', 'technology leaders', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', 'patented technologies', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'annual revenue', 'technological autonomy', 'end positioning', 'AI innovation', 'big data', 'Czech Republic', 'sector-specific needs', 'digital future', 'Global Partnership', 'economic growth', '41,000 world-class talents', 'effective application', 'kind project', 'technological leap', 'technological sovereignty', 'Serbia 2027"" Program', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'cloud', 'security', 'signature', 'Office', 'eGovernment', 'Excellence', 'extensive', 'requirements', 'deployment', 'businesses', 'order', 'health', 'energy', 'transportation', '25 PetaFlops', 'equivalent', 'second', '300 GPUs', '2.5 Petabytes', 'storage', 'backbone', 'addition', 'implementation', 'combination', 'teams', 'recruiting', 'academics', 'PhD', 'Director', 'country', 'spirit', 'statement', 'commitment', 'economy', 'vision', 'accordance', 'plans', 'modernization', 'digitalization', 'Head', 'investment', 'forefront', 'example', 'Eviden1', 'industries', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', 'c.', '78,000 employees']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50045,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059598/0/en/William-Connelly-future-Societe-Generale-chairman-of-the-board-of-directors-starting-May-2026.html,William Connelly  future Societe Generale chairman of the board of directors  starting May 2026,WILLIAM CONNELLY  FUTURE SOCIETE GENERALE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  STARTING MAY 2026   Press releaseParis  10 April 2025  During its session...,WILLIAM CONNELLY  FUTURE SOCIETE GENERALE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  STARTING MAY 2026Press releaseParis  10 April 2025During its session on 10 April 2025  the Societe Generale Board of Directors selected William Connelly for the Chairmanship as of the General Meeting which will be held on 27 May 2026  subject to his renewal as a Director by the General Meeting on 20 May 2025. He will succeed Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  who has been Chairman since 2015  and will have completed his third term.This decision is the result of a selection process led by the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee at the end of 2023 with the assistance of an independent consultant.William Connelly has been a member of Societe Generale’s Board of Directors since 2017. He has chaired the Risk Committee since 2019 and is a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee  positions he will hold until the 2026 General Meeting.Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  Chairman of the Board of Directors  stated: “The choice of William Connelly as my successor confirms Societe Generale's commitment to the highest standards of governance  both in terms of method and substance. It ensures the independence of the role as well as its continuity  while bringing the highest level of expertise in the international banking and financial sector  along with experience in managing large companies  particularly in the technology sector.”BiographyWilliam Connelly is a company director. In addition to his mandate as an independent director of Societe Generale since 2017  he currently is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Amadeus IT Group and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Aegon until the second half of 2025. He also served as an independent director of Singular Bank from February 2019 to April 2023.William Connelly began his career in 1980 at Chase Manhattan Bank  where he worked for 10 years  before joining Baring Brothers from 1990 to 1995. He then held various executive positions within ING Group NV from 1995 until he became a member of The Management Board  where he was responsible for Wholesale Banking from 2011 to 2016. He was also the CEO of ING Real Estate from 2009 to 2015. He has gained extensive experience in financial services  particularly in corporate finance  financial markets  real estate  and lending.William Connelly is a French citizen. He graduated with a degree in Economics from Georgetown University.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with around 119 000 employees serving more than 26 million clients in 62 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.18,0.82,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['future Societe Generale chairman', 'William Connelly', 'board', 'directors', 'May', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'Chase Manhattan Bank', 'leading digital bank', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'FUTURE SOCIETE GENERALE CHAIRMAN', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'societegenerale.com website', 'distinctive global leadership', 'Amadeus IT Group', 'ING Group NV', 'International Retail Banking', 'sustainable value creation', 'official Press Releases', 'Group News page', 'various executive positions', 'ING Real Estate', 'several African countries', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'The Management Board', 'Societe Generale Board', 'Wholesale Banking', 'Singular Bank', 'Global Banking', 'sustainable future', 'Inclusion Index', 'French Retail', 'international banking', 'financial services', 'leading franchises', 'leading partner', 'Risk Committee', 'global player', 'The Group', 'corporate, institutional', 'web page', 'Press contact', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'WILLIAM CONNELLY', 'General Meeting', 'third term', 'selection process', 'independent consultant', 'highest standards', 'highest level', 'financial sector', 'large companies', 'technology sector', 'second half', 'Baring Brothers', 'financial markets', 'French citizen', 'Georgetown University', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', 'sustainable mobility', 'corporate finance', 'company director', 'independent director', 'extensive experience', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'cutting-edge expertise', '26 million clients', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', '62 countries', 'DIRECTORS', 'Paris', '10 April', 'session', 'Chairmanship', '27 May', 'renewal', '20 May', 'decision', 'result', 'Nomination', 'assistance', 'member', 'choice', 'successor', 'commitment', 'terms', 'method', 'substance', 'independence', 'role', 'continuity', 'Biography', 'addition', 'mandate', 'Aegon', 'February', 'career', '10 years', 'CEO', 'lending', 'degree', 'Economics', 'socgen', '119,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'BoursoBank', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'information']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50046,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/10/3059010/0/en/Heineken-to-Boost-Bar-Incomes-by-Turning-Them-into-Film-Sets.html,Heineken ® to Boost Bar Incomes by Turning Them into Film Sets,A Media Snippet accompanying this announcement is available by clicking on this link.          AMSTERDAM  April  10  2025...,"A Media Snippet accompanying this announcement is available by clicking on this link.AMSTERDAM  April 10  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- HEINEKEN is strengthening its commitment to the bar industry with the launch of 'Starring Bars' - a new initiative as part of its wider ‘Back the Bars’ platform. The programme will prioritise bars that serve Heineken® beer as filming locations  redirecting commercial production budgets into these businesses. To anchor this effort  Heineken® will be creating a global catalogue of these bars as film-ready locations.As part of the project  Heineken® is also inviting movie directors  location scouts and other film industry professionals to consider these bars first when looking for a set. By highlighting these character-rich spaces  the initiative could put bars at the heart of Hollywood storytelling – as authentic settings  while ensuring the bars benefit financially from being featured in film and television productions.Finding the right venues for film  TV  or advertising productions isn’t easy  but it’s even harder to keep a bar afloat. To tackle both challenges in one; Heineken® created ‘Starring Bars’  providing production teams with easier access to real bars they can book for shoots through a growing online catalogue available at www.starringbars.com . The site includes photos  floor plans  and availability  streamlining the scouting process. By choosing a real bar over a studio set  filmmakers bring added authenticity to on-screen storytelling  while supporting local businesses and communities.To bring the 'Starring Bars' initiative to life  Heineken® is rolling out a dynamic visual campaign that puts bar owners in the spotlight and tells the stories of the people behind these venues. Heineken® is also sending moving billboards on a tour of major entertainment hubs to call on filmmakers to explore the catalogue and consider bars as prime shoot locations  with playful messages like 'Hey Director  these bars can handle a drama.'Nabil Nasser  Global Head of Heineken® Brand  says  “Bars are more than just places to grab a drink; they are community hubs and cultural landmarks. With 'Starring Bars ' we’re spotlighting these venues and helping open new commercial opportunities to support them. This initiative is about backing the bar industry in a meaningful way  and we’re inviting the entertainment world to be a part of that.”Each year  Heineken® makes a lot of ads and fees for location rentals are a key piece of any ad production budget. Through 'Starring Bars ' that investment will now directly benefit bars – supporting owners and the communities they serve. Heineken® aims to build a comprehensive global catalogue of real bars that double as filming locations.Heineken® is all about bringing people together and celebrating the connections that make bars special. 'Starring Bars' reflects this commitment  offering bar owners increased visibility  more foot traffic  and the chance to be featured in film and media.About HEINEKEN:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business.HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken N.V. and Heineken Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY).Most recent information is available on HEINEKEN's website: www.theHEINEKENcompany.com and follow us on Twitter via @HEINEKENCorp.PRESS CONTACT:Sebastien-Nicolas ChiffrinEdelmansebastien-nicolas.chiffrin@edelman.com+44 7580 979333Photos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/9943e21d-176a-431c-a600-9af50198f103https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/884beeda-5041-438c-a9ba-b97e15dd5980",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.44,0.56,True,English,"['Bar Incomes', 'Film Sets', 'Heineken', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'other film industry professionals', 'other production facilities', 'dynamic visual campaign', 'focused cost management', 'Most recent information', 'commercial production budgets', 'ad production budget', 'Heineken N.V.', 'new commercial opportunities', 'growing online catalogue', 'A Media Snippet', 'major entertainment hubs', 'prime shoot locations', 'comprehensive global catalogue', 'long-term brand investment', ""Starring Bars' initiative"", 'production teams', 'bar industry', 'community hubs', 'Global Head', 'new initiative', 'entertainment world', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'movie directors', 'location scouts', 'character-rich spaces', 'Hollywood storytelling', 'authentic settings', 'television productions', 'advertising productions', 'easier access', 'floor plans', 'scouting process', 'screen storytelling', 'moving billboards', 'playful messages', 'Nabil Nasser', 'cultural landmarks', 'meaningful way', 'location rentals', 'key piece', 'foot traffic', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'premium beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIN.AS', 'HEIO.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'Heineken® Brand', 'real bar', 'film-ready locations', 'Better World', 'Heineken® beer', 'studio set', 'local businesses', 'bar owners', 'Sebastien-Nicolas Chiffrin', 'Edelman sebastien', 'Bars’ platform', 'right venues', 'announcement', 'link', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'commitment', 'launch', 'part', 'wider', 'effort', 'project', 'heart', 'TV', 'challenges', 'one', 'shoots', 'starringbars', 'site', 'photos', 'availability', 'filmmakers', 'authenticity', 'communities', 'life', 'spotlight', 'stories', 'people', 'tour', 'drama', 'places', 'drink', 'lot', 'ads', 'fees', 'connections', 'visibility', 'chance', 'marketer', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'HKHHY', 'theHEINEKENcompany', 'Twitter', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', '4beeda']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,globenewswire.com
50047,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/04/10/european-stocks-jump-on-tariff-reprieve/,European stocks jump on tariff reprieve,Concerns ease over global trade war,European stocks rallied after US President Donald Trump paused plans to implement higher reciprocal tariffs on dozens of trade partners  easing concerns about a global trade war.In Dublin  the Euronext was up 4 per cent by 9.50am  with many of the major stocks gaining between 3 and 5 per cent. AIB and Bank of Ireland added 7 per cent each  while travel stocks such as Dalata and Ryanair climbed by almost 7 per cent and 5 per cent respectively.The Stoxx Europe 600 Index was 6 per cent higher by 8.50am in London  with all sectors in the green and banks and miners leading gains. France’s CAC 40 jumped 6 per cent and Germany’s DAX soared 7 per cent. If the gains hold to the end of the day  European stocks will have pared back about half of the losses incurred since a record high close in early March.European stocks have been under pressure  entering a correction  since Trump announced widespread levies last week  including higher tariffs on the European Union. Trump announced a 90-day tariff reprieve Wednesday  while ramping up duties on China.READ MOREThere’s “some relief but the 125 per cent tariff on imports from China and the uncertainty around negotiations and other side effects of this volatility could keep a risk premium in most assets ” said Rajeev De Mello  chief investment officer at Gama Asset Management. Mr Trump “will be reluctant to allow a worse episode but I would rather fade the risk-on moves from these levels as the market finds a new equilibrium”.Mr De Mello sees stocks trading within a 10 per cent range over the next few weeks.Mr Trump’s announcement sent US stocks up by the most since 2008 on Wednesday  though the S&P 500 remains down more than 7 per cent so far this year. The Stoxx Europe 600 has fallen around 2 per cent in 2025  wiping out a strong rally over the first quarter.“This isn’t the end of the trade war  far from it ” said Susana Cruz  a strategist at Panmure Liberum. “The economic damage is baked in: no one’s rushing to invest in the US  inflation’s ticking higher  and global trade is taking a hit.” - Additional reporting: Bloomberg,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['European stocks', 'tariff reprieve', 'The Stoxx Europe 600 Index', 'US President Donald Trump', '90-day tariff reprieve', 'other side effects', 'Rajeev De Mello', 'chief investment officer', 'Gama Asset Management', 'Mr De Mello', 'higher reciprocal tariffs', '125 per cent tariff', '10 per cent range', 'global trade war', 'higher tariffs', '7 per cent', 'Mr Trump', 'trade partners', 'US stocks', 'record high', 'early March', 'widespread levies', 'European Union', 'some relief', 'most assets', 'worse episode', 'new equilibrium', 'S&P 500', 'strong rally', 'first quarter', 'Susana Cruz', 'Panmure Liberum', 'economic damage', 'Additional reporting', 'European stocks', 'major stocks', 'travel stocks', 'risk premium', 'plans', 'dozens', 'concerns', 'Dublin', 'Euronext', '9.50am', 'AIB', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'Dalata', 'Ryanair', '8.50am', 'London', 'sectors', 'green', 'miners', 'gains', 'France', 'CAC', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'end', 'half', 'losses', 'pressure', 'correction', 'duties', 'China', 'imports', 'uncertainty', 'negotiations', 'volatility', 'moves', 'levels', 'market', 'weeks', 'announcement', 'Wednesday', 'strategist', 'inflation', 'hit', 'Bloomberg', '3']",2025-04-10,2025-04-11,irishtimes.com
