UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57531,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.politico.eu/article/germany-stock-exchange-deutsche-boerse-eu-deal-risk/,German stock exchange tussle leaves EU supercop deal at risk,Berlin's insistence on carving out major stock exchange from EU-wide supervision has sparked protests from smaller countries.,"But a push by Germany to exclude one of Europe’s biggest stock exchanges from central EU oversight could turn dinner into a food fight.This exemption remains in the current compromise position among EU capitals after Berlin refused to give up local supervision of its stock exchange behemoth Deutsche Börse over fears of job losses and ceding power to a bloc-wide entity  despite central supervision being one of the key tenets of the MISP package.It's sparked protests from smaller countries  which feel the compromise would disproportionately benefit their larger neighbors — and could scupper the entire deal.The carveout is “polluting the whole debate” by giving a “huge gift to Germany” while other countries receive nothing in return for their support  one diplomat said.Another went further. ""No deal is better than a bad deal "" a senior EU official said ahead of Friday's meeting.One marketSecuring a deal on MISP this year is central to the ""One Europe  One Market"" plan that the EU’s three political leaders in Brussels agreed to in April. EU governments have invested significant political capital into MISP in a bid to turn the bloc into an investment hub where innovative companies can find investors without having to leave for deeper pockets on Wall Street.",negative,0.0,0.2,0.79,negative,0.0,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['German stock exchange tussle', 'EU supercop deal', 'risk', 'biggest stock exchanges', 'stock exchange behemoth', 'Deutsche Börse', 'three political leaders', 'significant political capital', 'senior EU official', 'current compromise position', 'One Market"" plan', 'central EU oversight', 'central supervision', 'one diplomat', 'EU capitals', 'EU governments', 'food fight', 'local supervision', 'job losses', 'wide entity', 'key tenets', 'smaller countries', 'larger neighbors', 'huge gift', 'other countries', 'investment hub', 'innovative companies', 'deeper pockets', 'Wall Street', 'One Europe', 'entire deal', 'bad deal', 'MISP package', 'push', 'Germany', 'dinner', 'exemption', 'Berlin', 'fears', 'power', 'bloc', 'protests', 'carveout', 'debate', 'return', 'support', 'Friday', 'meeting', 'Brussels', 'April', 'bid', 'investors']",2026-10-07,2026-10-08,politico.eu
57532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veolia-completes-58-million-princeton-meadows-wastewater-facility-delivering-greater-resilience-innovation-and-efficiency-302901660.html,Veolia Completes $58 Million Princeton Meadows Wastewater Facility  Delivering Greater Resilience  Innovation and Efficiency,$58 millioninvestment replaces the 55-year-old plant with climate-resilient infrastructure. New facility featuresadvanced ultraviolet disinfection technologyfrom Veolia  a global leader in water technologies  as well asenergy-efficient equipmentto enhance tre…,"$58 million investment replaces the 55-year-old plant with climate-resilient infrastructure.New facility features advanced ultraviolet disinfection technology from Veolia  a global leader in water technologies  as well as energy-efficient equipment to enhance treatment performance.Site has supplied1.4 billion gallonsof reclaimed water for local irrigation since 1971.PLAINSBORO TOWNSHIP  N.J.  Oct. 7  2026/PRNewswire/ -- Veolia today celebrated the completion of the Princeton Meadows Wastewater Treatment Facility with a ribbon-cutting ceremony  marking a major investment in resilient infrastructure  environmental protection and long-term water sustainability.Veolia's Princeton Meadows Wastewater Treatment Facility in Plainsboro  NJServing approximately 11 000 residents and businesses  the new facility features climate-resilient infrastructure  advanced ultraviolet disinfection technology  high-efficiency biological treatment and energy-efficient equipment. These systems are designed to enhance treatment performance  withstand extreme weather and meet increasingly stringent environmental requirements.The project also builds on Veolia's 55-year history of water reuse at the site. Since 1971  the site has supplied Middlesex County with 1.4 billion gallons of reclaimed water for irrigation at a county golf course  helping conserve local water resources.""This next-generation facility exemplifies Veolia's commitment to environmental security  public health and sustainable infrastructure "" said Nadege Petit  CEO of Veolia in North America. ""It combines significant capital investment  advanced treatment technology and climate-resilient design to provide reliable service to the community for decades to come  while continuing our longstanding commitment to water reuse. This milestone marks the latest chapter in more than five decades of work at the site and reaffirms our commitment to applying our expertise to address challenges more effectively  in collaboration with local stakeholders.""The facility treats 475 million gallons of wastewater and reuses 32 million gallons – the equivalent of 48 Olympic sized swimming pools – of reclaimed water annually. Built for greater climate resilience  the new plant is located on higher ground outside the original 100-year floodplain  helping protect critical infrastructure from flooding.""The original Princeton Meadows facility served the community well for more than five decades  but it was aging and located in a vulnerable floodplain "" said Kendra Morris  CEO of Veolia Regulated Water in North America. ""Rather than simply upgrade the existing plant  we reimagined it. This facility is designed to meet today's needs  anticipate future environmental requirements and preserve our commitment to water reuse. Investing in infrastructure also means investing in the community.""The ribbon-cutting ceremony brought together representatives of Veolia  the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities  the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection  New Jersey State Elected Officials  Middlesex County  the Township of Plainsboro  and project partners  including J. Fletcher Creamer & Son and HDR.The ceremony included recognition from United States Senator Andy Kim  who provided a Certificate of Congressional Recognition for the project  as well as a joint resolution from the New Jersey State Senate and General Assembly celebrating Veolia's milestone.The $58 million Princeton Meadows project is part of Veolia's broader investment in New Jersey. Through its GreenUp program  the company invests more than $150 million annually statewide to support water quality  reliability and long-term environmental sustainability for the 1.1 million customers it serves in New Jersey.As part of the celebration  Veolia also announced a $10 000 contribution to the Plainsboro Recreation Department's Water Science & Sustainability Education Program. The contribution supports opportunities for local students to learn about conservation and environmental stewardship.ABOUT VEOLIA Veolia  a global leader in environmental services  works every day to build ecological security for the benefit of public health and the competitiveness of industries and regions. With 215 000 employees across five continents  working closely with local communities  and thanks to its cutting-edge technologies  the group cleans up pollution  reduces carbon emissions  and regenerates resources through concrete solutions that combine its expertise in water and water technologies  waste – including hazardous waste management  and local energy. In 2025  the Veolia group served 110 million people with drinking water and 97 million with sanitation  produced 45 million megawatt hours of energy  and treated 64 million tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE  Fortune 500  SBF 120) generated consolidated revenue of €44.4 billion in 2025.In North America  Veolia is a leading environmental services provider with more than 15 000 employees working at over 500 locations. It's the largest private water operator in the U.S.  a leading water technology provider  and a hazardous waste and pollution treatment leader. It is uniquely positioned in the American market with a leadership role in improving water quality and removing pollutants offering a full spectrum of water  waste  and energy management services and technology  including water and wastewater treatment  commercial and hazardous waste collection and disposal  energy consulting and resource recovery. www.veolia.com - www.veolianorthamerica.comSOURCE Veolia",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.39,0.61,True,English,"['$58 Million Princeton Meadows Wastewater Facility', 'Greater Resilience', 'Veolia', 'Innovation', 'Efficiency', 'United States Senator Andy Kim', 'New Jersey State Elected Officials', 'Princeton Meadows Wastewater Treatment Facility', '48 Olympic sized swimming pools', 'advanced ultraviolet disinfection technology', 'original Princeton Meadows facility', 'New Jersey State Senate', 'largest private water operator', '$58 million Princeton Meadows project', 'leading environmental services provider', 'advanced treatment technology', 'high-efficiency biological treatment', 'greater climate resilience', 'original 100-year floodplain', 'New Jersey Board', 'New Jersey Department', 'stringent environmental requirements', 'future environmental requirements', 'long-term environmental sustainability', 'J. Fletcher Creamer', 'Sustainability Education Program', '45 million megawatt hours', 'county golf course', 'significant capital investment', 'long-term water sustainability', '1.4 billion gallonsof reclaimed', 'Plainsboro Recreation Department', 'hazardous waste management', 'Veolia Regulated Water', 'local water resources', 'New facility', 'treatment performance', 'new plant', 'next-generation facility', '$58 million investment', 'environmental protection', 'environmental security', 'environmental stewardship', 'reclaimed water', 'N.J.', 'vulnerable floodplain', 'GreenUp program', '475 million gallons', '32 million gallons', '1.1 million customers', '110 million people', '64 million tons', 'Middlesex County', 'major investment', 'broader investment', 'water technologies', 'water reuse', 'water quality', 'Water Science', 'drinking water', 'local stakeholders', 'local students', 'local communities', '55-year-old plant', 'global leader', 'energy-efficient equipment', 'extreme weather', '55-year history', 'public health', 'Nadege Petit', 'North America', 'climate-resilient design', 'reliable service', 'latest chapter', 'higher ground', 'Kendra Morris', 'existing plant', 'Public Utilities', 'project partners', 'joint resolution', 'General Assembly', 'ecological security', 'five continents', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'carbon emissions', 'concrete solutions', 'Paris Euronext', 'consolidated revenue', 'U.S.', 'climate-resilient infrastructure', 'sustainable infrastructure', 'critical infrastructure', 'ribbon-cutting ceremony', 'five decades', 'local irrigation', 'local energy', 'Congressional Recognition', 'Veolia Environnement', 'PLAINSBORO TOWNSHIP', 'longstanding commitment', 'Veolia group', 'VEOLIA Veolia', 'Site', 'Oct.', 'PRNewswire', 'completion', 'NJ', '11,000 residents', 'businesses', 'systems', 'CEO', 'community', 'milestone', 'work', 'expertise', 'challenges', 'collaboration', 'equivalent', 'flooding', 'today', 'needs', 'representatives', 'Son', 'HDR', 'Certificate', 'company', 'reliability', 'celebration', '$10,000 contribution', 'opportunities', 'conservation', 'benefit', 'competitiveness', 'industries', 'regions', '215,000 employees', 'pollution', 'sanitation', 'VIE', 'Fortune', 'SBF', '500 locations']",2026-10-07,2026-10-08,prnewswire.com
57533,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/10/07/anna-karvelas-the-jasmine-pot-and-koustass-greenery-diamantidis-bought-panagopoulous-house-in-kavouri/,Anna  Karvelas  the jasmine pot and Koustas’s greenery  Diamantidis bought Panagopoulou’s house in Kavouri,The Germans’ “no” to COSCO and the question of PiraeusThe post Anna  Karvelas  the jasmine pot and Koustas’s greenery  Diamantidis bought Panagopoulou’s house in Kavouri appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom October 7 10:47Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello  now you’re going to tell me: the world is falling apart  and you want to tell us about Rubio in a gossip column. Quite right  so here’s a quick analysis  a brief. On the subject of what’s happening in the Vissi–Karvelas match  look  Koustas entering the Vissi brand is something like Rupert Murdoch buying Proto Thema… or  shall I say  Mohammed bin Salman. So  as you understand  behind Karvelas’s jasmine pot  for Anna to get the key  she’s going to have to put up a few extra bucks  since Koustas’s 100 ships have now entered the equation too. I think that in the end the power of cash will prevail  as my friend Dimitris says. Now  on the other issue of the day  the meeting at the Maximos Mansion about Karaiskakis: well  okay  we said it  Panathinaikos got a stadium  PAOK wants one too  so why shouldn’t Olympiacos get an expansion as well? After all  AEK got one under SYRIZA too. And at the end of the day… let’s not drag this out  we also have elections.Rubio in AthensThe person of the day is  of course  Rubio  who arrived in Athens last night and has taken up residence  together with the American delegation  in a hotel in the heart of Athens. The meetings under the “Strategic Dialogue” will take place there today  on the one hand with deputy ministers and State Department officials and  on the other  with the two Deputy Foreign Ministers  Alexandra Papadopoulou and Harris Theoharis  and officials from various ministries. I understand  of course  that in the afternoon Mendoni and Dendias will go to the hotel for the signing of an agreement with the United States. Rubio  meanwhile  starts his program at around 09:00 at the Foreign Ministry  where he will meet Gerapetritis; they will make statements  after which Rubio will withdraw to his hotel. He has asked for some time to rest  but he may also have some private meetings arranged by the Embassy before going to the Pnyx in the afternoon to speak. Obviously  there was also a discussion between the State Department staff and the Embassy here and  after the formal approval from the Central Archaeological Council (KAS) was given  the best available lighting was selected  so that Mr. Rubio can have an important photograph that he will also use in his personal presidential bid for the Republican nomination in 2028.Dinner at Tudor HallStaying with Rubio  I should tell you that there is a great deal of activity at the King George hotel  because after his meeting with Mitsotakis at the Maximos Mansion  Rubio will have dinner at Tudor Hall. The menu is still being worked out  but it will be overseen by the Head Chef of the hotel and of the Grande Bretagne  Asterios Koustoudis  who specializes in assignments like these. Mitsotakis will obviously be at the dinner  along with Gerapetritis and his Foreign Ministry team that handled the Strategic Dialogue  as well as Rubio’s entourage  together with Kimberly Guilfoyle  the embassy’s number two  Joshua Huck  etc. There will also be quite a few ministers  such as Dendias  Papastergiou  Theodorikakos  Kikilias  and others. Before he departs for Portugal and given the good weather  let’s also give the head of American diplomacy a dinner with a magnificent view.The Commission does not “budge” on energyFor the government  however  the news from the Commission is rather negative regarding the room for flexibility for additional measures to support consumers using surplus VAT revenues. Despite letters from Mitsotakis and Meloni calling for flexibility regarding fiscal space  von der Leyen was once again negative yesterday  speaking to the European Parliament  making it clear that the Commission does not agree to across-the-board subsidies when it comes to energy. I don’t know whether this can change at the European Council in mid-October; there are strong objections from many countries that either do not want subsidies or already have a large deficit anyway. In any case  von der Leyen will also be at today’s MED9 Euro-Mediterranean Summit in Split  Croatia  so perhaps Mitsotakis and Meloni will have a word with her.Katerina Panagopoulou’s little houseBecause love  a cough  and money cannot be hidden  I’m told that shipowner Diamantis Diamantidis bought the widow Panagopoulou’s mansion in Kavouri for €125 million. A bargain  right? You know  this is the house that had some unauthorized structures built on the seashore or the beach—I don’t remember exactly now—and they were legalized by the SYRIZA-led government shortly before it fell. Of course  Ms. Katerina Panagopoulou was also an adviser to Alexis Tsipras at the time (“I’ve also got a yacht…”)  and therefore the legalization doesn’t count. Anyway  enjoy the little house.The backstage story at ERTIn media circles  discussion has begun about the departure of the company’s CEO  Konstantinos Papavasileiou  who is heading to Wide Media Group  where he will have a similar position and twice the money compared with the more limited pay at Public Television. The divorce is not exactly an amicable one  as there were frictions  especially with chairman Yiannis Papadopoulos  with quite a few incidents over the past several months. In any case  because there are plenty of rumors circulating  the position will be filled internally  by someone from ERT—that is  not from the market—while the relevant job posting will be issued immediately. People in the know were telling me  however  that there is generally a peaceful atmosphere at ERT  also against the backdrop of the numerous interventions made by the responsible minister  Pavlos Marinakis  while ERTNEWS is also “building” a good image externally.The Mitsotakis–Meimarakis meetingThere was a lot of talk in recent days about Meimarakis’s absence from New Democracy’s anniversary celebrations  although his absence was fully justified because he was in Strasbourg. I am learning  however  that on Friday morning he will go to the Maximos Mansion to meet the Prime Minister  a sign that their relationship is not the same as the one with Samaras and Karamanlis.Chatzidakis’s gatheringVice President Chatzidakis is building his profile both inside and outside the party  and that is clear. Following his European contacts  the time has come for his internal party contacts  which are useful for New Democracy as election day approaches. So the vice president  as a former president of ONNED and secretary of DAP  is inviting former ONNED members. Thus  on the occasion of ONNED’s 52nd anniversary  he is organizing a major event on Friday  October 18  at 19:30  at Glasshouse in Goudi. I’m told that this event will only be the first in a series of moves Kostis Chatzidakis will make to “warm up” former party officials  ease discontent  and rally them ahead of the crucial electoral contest that is coming.Black List with 15 000 illegal gambling websites!The figures presented by the Hellenic Gaming Commission during yesterday’s meeting with Finance Minister Kyriakos Pierrakakis are revealing: the list of unlicensed websites has reached 15 000  demonstrating the scale of illegal gambling in our country  which last year is estimated to have generated €1.8 billion in turnover. It is a Hydra-headed monster  because after one address is blocked  illegal operators can reappear under new domains and through different online routes. Following the passage of Pierrakakis’s law strengthening the powers of the Hellenic Gaming Commission (EEEP) and the framework governing games of chance  the Commission acquired new digital tools for the faster identification of unlicensed gambling websites. The Commission is already making use of artificial intelligence and AI-agent technologies  with the aim of automating a significant part of the process of searching for and identifying suspicious websites. The EEEP’s new platform automates most of the process  from searching for suspicious sites to gathering evidence and preparing it for inclusion on the Black List. The system collects URLs from complaints  existing lists  as well as automated online searches  and then “scans” the websites  saving images  videos  and copies of their content. AI assesses and scores the risk of each case  followed by an automatic cross-check against the EEEP’s Licensing Registry to establish whether the operator is legally authorized to operate in Greece. In a trial that was presented  out of 3 283 websites  2 282 proceeded to the analysis stage and 1 001 were identified as illegal  while for 734 URLs the system gave a high-confidence indication for the Black List. Doubtful cases are subjected to human review before the blocking process is initiated. The goal is for AI to replace approximately 75% of the EEEP staff’s manual work and to increase the speed of processing cases by at least two to three times.Panathinaikos’s sleeve and the insurance companiesIt is no secret that  for Panathinaikos’s die-hard fans  the word “Piraeus” on the left sleeve of the green jersey was always an uneasy cohabitation. Since the beginning of this season  the spot had been left vacant. Yesterday  the club announced who is taking its place. It is Allianz Insurance  which was named Official Insurance Partner  already a sponsor of Bayern and Juventus. The fee was not announced  but information from Panathinaikos says it is higher than what the bank was paying. Piraeus remains among the club’s partners  just not on the jersey. Piraeus is no longer just a bank: since November 2025  it has owned 100% of National Insurance  for which it paid €600 million. Allianz Insurance  on the other hand  according to market information  is preparing to welcome National Bank as a 30% shareholder  together with an exclusive bancassurance agreement from 2027. In other words  on the sleeve of Panathinaikos’s jersey  the bank that acquired National Bank’s insurance company is being replaced by the insurance company into which National Bank is entering. Allianz has every reason to seek greater visibility in Greece  since its subsidiary closed 2025 with €444.5 million in gross written premiums  but with net losses of €2.2 million  compared with profits of €13.4 million in 2024. The losses are attributed to increased restructuring expenses. The parent group  by contrast  recorded record operating profits of €9.4 billion in the first half of 2026. There is also an interesting innovation. An QR code will be incorporated into the Allianz logo  for the first time on a Greek football jersey. With a single scan  the sleeve turns into a service counter.S&P 500: 10 companies account for 40% of market capitalization and 37% of profitsThe concentration of the S&P 500 among the largest listed companies has reached unprecedented levels for the past four decades. According to data from Compustat  IBES  FactSet  and Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research  the 10 largest companies in the index now account for approximately 40% of the S&P 500’s total market capitalization  compared with figures close to 20% in the early 1980s and just 17–18% in the mid-2010s. The concentration is not limited to valuations  however. The same ten companies are estimated to generate approximately 37% of the S&P 500’s total profits  a figure that has nearly doubled from the 18–20% levels of a decade ago. It is noteworthy that around 2000  at the height of the technology bubble  the ten largest companies represented approximately 25–26% of market capitalization  but only 13–15% of profits. Today’s picture is therefore different  as the high concentration of valuations is accompanied by an equally strong concentration of profitability. Nevertheless  the 40% share of market capitalization versus 37% of profits suggests that the leading companies are still trading at some premium. At the same time  an increasing concentration risk is emerging  as the performance of the S&P 500 as a whole depends more than ever on the performance of an extremely limited number of companies.AVAX: It needs €700 million in capital and wants to return to energyAVAX Group management upgraded its guidance for 2030 EBITDA at the Euronext conference in Paris. The new guidance is now set at €230 million  versus €150 million previously. The change comes from: 1) €30 million from construction (€120 million versus a previous forecast of €90 million)  as a result of faster replenishment of the project pipeline and  on the other hand  a larger potential market for new projects stemming from major investment programs by private companies. 2) €20 million from concessions (€55 million  versus €35 million previously  of which €20 million relates to a contribution from the existing concessions portfolio)  with the aim of securing a share of the ongoing PPP tenders. 3) €30 million from energy  where the group is considering re-entering the sector by acquiring portfolios of operational photovoltaic plants of approximately 250 MW and developing storage systems of approximately 200 MW over the next 1–2 years. Management said that the above investment program will require approximately €700 million in new capital  with the largest portion (approximately €570 million) to come from non-recourse financing  while the leverage ratio (net debt / EBITDA) will nevertheless not exceed 3x throughout the period up to 2030  supplemented by expected operating cash flows from the existing construction and concessions businesses.Strong rebound from the banks after the sell-offBank stocks led the recovery of the Athens Stock Exchange  with the sector index rising 3.8%  its best session since July 21  when it had gained 4.3%. The reaction allowed the banking index to “claw back” part of the 6.3% losses it had accumulated during the first two days of October. The four systemic banks gained between 3.8% and 4.3%  accounting for almost 48% of trading activity  with turnover of more than €150 million against total transactions of just over €310 million. The dynamic rebound in the shares came after positive reports on the sector. UBS maintains a Buy rating on all four systemic banks and raised its price targets  seeing support from higher interest rates and credit expansion. Meanwhile  Morgan Stanley describes the recent correction as a buying opportunity  maintaining an Overweight rating on Alpha Bank  Piraeus Bank and Eurobank  and singling out Alpha Bank as one of its top European mid-cap picks.Cenergy (finally) above the placement priceCenergy stood out among the blue chips  rising 2.5% and closing at €24.70  its highest level in more than three months. Although it started sluggishly  trading around €24  it subsequently picked up speed and—most importantly—returned above the price of last June’s placement (€24.20). The stock is now eyeing €26.20  where it recorded its all-time high last June. Trading activity was noteworthy  with turnover of €4.85 million and volume of approximately 200 000 shares. With the latest close  Cenergy’s market capitalization stands at €5.24 billion.Titan: Rebound after the four-day decline  with S&P as catalystTitan returned to positive territory after four consecutive declining sessions  with the stock gaining 1.5% to €47.42. The catalyst was the upgrade by S&P Global Ratings to “BBB-” from “BB+”  with a stable outlook  giving the company investment-grade status. The rating agency highlighted the group’s strong operating performance  resilient cash-flow generation  prudent financial policy  and strong balance sheet. The development also broadens Titan’s access to the capital markets and could contribute to a lower cost of financing. On the stock market  however  the share remains some distance from the psychological €50 threshold and even further from its all-time high of €59  recorded at the end of last January.The…other KocsThe well-known Koç family  which owns Koç Holding  Turkey’s largest private and industrial business conglomerate  has had a presence in Greece for years through various investments  such as Avis  the Mytilene marina  real-estate ventures  etc. Yesterday  however  a company was incorporated under the name “Koc Construction P.C.”  based in Vari  with Omer Koc as its head and principal shareholder. This is not Omer Koc  the son of billionaire Rahmi Koç and current Chairman of Koç Holding  but another Omer Koc  the son of Tahir Koc. It should of course be noted that the name Koc is fairly common in Turkey. In any case  the purpose of this new company is the construction of residential and non-residential buildings  the provision of business consulting services  the buying and selling  leasing and management of real estate  etc. The initial share capital amounts to €650 000  corresponding to 650 000 capital-contribution units paid in by Omer Koc  while there are also 162 500 non-capital contribution units. These concern Mustafa Koc  son of Tahir  who will provide the company with management services and research relating to the selection of construction materials and monitoring of the progress of construction works for a period of two years. This contribution was valued at the… lion’s share (90%) of the 162 500 non-capital contribution units. A 5% share of these concerns Ahmet Temugan  who will provide the company  for a period of three years  with research to identify and purchase a suitable plot of land for its business plan  monitoring of the project through completion  and identification of prospective buyers. The remaining 5% of the non-capital contributions concerns Georgios Michalakis  who will provide the same services  also for a period of three years. Thus  Omer Koc controls 80%  Mustafa Koc 18%  and Ahmet Temugan and Georgios Michalakis 1% each  with the latter three also taking on the management of the company.The Ministry of Environment and Energy…got off the hookLast July  newmoney revealed an extremely rare  if not unique  auction. This was because it concerned not just any property  but a…ministry. Specifically  the well-known building on Mesogeion Avenue that has housed the Ministry of Environment and Energy for many years. It was clarified  however  that the property at 119 Mesogeion Avenue belongs to a private company and is leased by the state to house the central services of the Ministry of Environment and Energy. It was also noted that  as with every auction  there was an open possibility that the auction could be suspended before the scheduled date if an objection or other legal action intervened in the meantime. The hammer was scheduled to fall on October 15  with a starting bid of €29 million  which made the particular property the most expensive on the electronic auction platform. According to the description  it is a plot of land that is legally buildable and meets the requirements for construction  located in the area known as… “Diavolorevma” or “Batzades ” covering 2 628.77 sq. m.  on which a seven-story building with a total surface area of 16 792.49 sq. m. was constructed between 2000 and 2002 by GEK TERNA. The auction was directed against the private company that owns the property  and the seizure had been imposed for €500 000  which constituted part of the total claim. The latest news  however  is that the auction has been suspended  so the Ministry of Environment and Energy  at least for the time being  is not “at risk”…Qualco has set in motion its plan to become something elseSeventeen months after its listing at €5.46  Qualco’s share is trading slightly above €6.20  with a market capitalization of €434 million. For those who participated in the May 2025 public offering  the return does not exceed 13%. Management responded by changing lanes. Executive Chairman Orestis Tsakalotos presented analysts with three new pillars: real estate  embedded finance  and dual-use technologies for defense and civil protection. The target for the EBITDA margin rises to 22% from 2027  compared with approximately 20% this year. Reliable company sources explain that the shareholder register has also changed recently  with increased participation by long-term investors. At the top  however  the picture remains the same. The founders control 61.88% through Wokalon  while PIMCO holds 7.70%. UBS raised its price target to €6.75  while the company is considering a share buyback. The 4 000 properties in its portfolio are not owned by Qualco. They are assets belonging to the Ministry of Health  which Qualco will map and value for nearly €10 million over 24 months. In embedded finance (payment systems)  it has submitted a licensing application to the Bank of Greece and is targeting a launch in the first half of 2027. In defense  the first step was taken through cooperation with the Skaramanga Shipyards on an unmanned surface vessel. For now  the traditional business is carrying the weight  with a backlog of €762 million  44% of it from abroad. In the first half of the year  revenue increased by 14% to €101.1 million  but the EBITDA margin fell to 13.2%  and the result was a loss of €0.6 million. The market has heard the plan. It is waiting for the second half of the year to believe it.Oil did not go to $200  but the ship carrying it costs more than $1 million a dayHormuz frightened the markets  but ultimately did not send oil to $200 a barrel  as the most extreme scenarios had predicted. The reason is that the market proved more resilient than initially estimated and  above all  alternative sources and supply routes were activated quickly. Approximately 400 million barrels from strategic reserves were released into the market  the United States increased its exports  while Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates made use of pipelines that bypass the Strait  keeping significant volumes of oil in circulation. At the same time  China reduced its imports and turned partly to its own reserves. The result was that the shortage that could have triggered a genuine price explosion was avoided. There was  however  another explosion in the freight market. Disruption to maritime transport  delays  war-risk insurance premiums  and limited available capacity sent VLCC freight rates soaring. On the Middle East–Asia route  rates above $1.2 million per day were recorded. And this is where the Greek dimension comes in. With Greek shipowners having a dominant presence in tankers  the Hormuz paradox takes on particular significance on Akti Miaouli: the barrel did not reach $200  but the ship carrying it came to cost more than $1 million a day. The Hormuz paradox.The Germans’ “no” to COSCO and the question of PiraeusWhat is happening in Germany with COSCO is interesting  not so much because of Zippel itself  but because of what may follow. Berlin appears determined to block the acquisition of 80% of the logistics company by the Chinese state-owned group  now explicitly citing national-security concerns and the risk of creating “strategic dependencies.” Five ministries have come out against the deal. And this is where the conversation moves farther south  to Piraeus. Because what the Germans fear today could happen to their own logistics sector has long since taken place in Greece  albeit on a different scale. COSCO controls 67% of the Piraeus Port Authority  and this year marked ten years since its strategic investment in Greece’s largest port. This does not  of course  mean that there is an issue concerning Piraeus. It does  however  mean that the European environment surrounding such investments is changing. The new European strategy for ports now places competitiveness  resilience  and the security of critical infrastructure on the same map. And the question for Athens is a delicate one. If Europe begins moving from the “screening” of new Chinese investments to stricter oversight of the existing Chinese presence  how easy will it be for Piraeus to remain outside this discussion? Because buying a port in 2016 is one thing  and owning it ten years later  when European ports are now also being treated as strategic-security infrastructure  is quite another.Celestyal: We pay the fee  but where does the money go?Captain Giorgos Koubenas of Celestyal sent a message with a clear addressee—the state—from the podium of ITC 2026. Greek cruising may be moving at high speed  but companies are seeing the bill grow: more expensive fuel  EU ETS  FuelEU Maritime  port fees  and now a cruise levy. And this is where the reasonable question arises: How much of this money actually goes back to the ports? Koubenas put the issue exactly where it hurts. At several Greek destinations  cruise ships are still served at anchor  while infrastructure has failed to keep pace with the growth of the market. Celestyal’s message is that  if new charges are being imposed  there should also be visible reciprocity: piers  better services  modern infrastructure  and specific Master Plans. And the observation carries greater weight because Celestyal does not merely pass through Greece. It is headquartered here  carries out shipbuilding and repair work at Greek shipyards  and is opening up new Greek destinations. In 2027  it is adding Thessaloniki and Volos to its winter schedule.Marine Le Pen raises the stakesMarkets expected Marine Le Pen to announce a €125 billion spending-cut program aimed at reducing the deficit to 2.9% of GDP by 2032. Yesterday  however  from the party headquarters and with Jordan Bardella at her side  she promised considerably more. Net savings of €140 billion by 2032  a primary-budget balance within 18 months  a deficit below 3% as early as 2030  and debt at 112% of GDP. The current Lecornu government  with €43 billion in cuts for 2027  is targeting 3% in 2029. It has every reason to hurry. On October 1  the French 10-year yield touched 4.96%  its highest level since 2002  following its worst quarter in almost 40 years. The spread against Germany  around 85 basis points a month earlier  closed Monday at 136. The euro fell to $1.12  a 17-month low. France is now borrowing at a higher cost than Italy and Greece  whose 10-year yield stands at 4.52%. The problem  however  lies in the rest of the package of measures announced by the candidate for the French presidency. In the same interview  Le Pen promised net tax cuts of €30 billion  reiterated that she wants France to make a smaller contribution to the EU budget  and called on the ECB to intervene to ease the burden of interest rates. On the hot issue of pensions  her party wants the retirement age capped at 62—why not 60? There  Le Pen gave a figure: €15–20 billion in long-term savings  along with a proposal for a funded pension pillar. She also warned that without a political rupture  France is heading toward bankruptcy. Coming from a candidate who is leading in the polls  that word carries particular weight. The party’s economic spokesman  Jean-Philippe Tanguy  celebrated the fact that the 10-year yield was falling while Le Pen was speaking. That  too  is an indication of what awaits us from next April.Forty basis points  there and backAbout a month ago  on September 10  the yield spread between the U.S. 30-year and 2-year Treasury bonds was 87 basis points. On September 23  it had fallen to 47. Yesterday  it was back at 83. Down for nine sessions  up for another nine. The same phenomenon can be seen in the 2-year/10-year Treasury pair  from 49 basis points on August 21 to 18 on September 23—the lowest of the year—and back to 49.5 on Monday. The first leg is due to the Fed. On September 16  it cut interest rates by 25 basis points  to 3.75%–4.00%  for the first time since 2023 and unanimously. The market quickly moved to price in another move in October  which is why the 2-year moved ahead and the curve flattened. The second leg  however  is due to Debt. Weak auctions  heavy Treasury supply  and fiscal concerns hammered the longer maturities. On Monday  the 10-year yield touched 5.349%  its highest since April 2002  while the 30-year reached 5.70%. At the same time  the 2-year was stuck at 4.83%. The cause was identified in September’s anemic employment report  with just 29 000 new jobs versus the 90 000 expected. The probability that the Fed will remain on hold at its next meeting rose to around 82%. The curve returned to where it had started; yields did not. During September  the 2-year yield rose 55 basis points and the 10-year 54. This peculiar equilibrium will be tested again today with the release of the minutes of the September meeting and with inflation data on October 14. Despite the unusually large swings for a major and powerful economy  the picture is the same. Money  half a percentage point more expensive.The customer’s voiceLast Sunday  October 4  Donald Trump accused Fox News on Truth Social of ignoring his campaign rallies  said he had stopped watching it  and warned that the channel would end up with CNN-level ratings. One day later  on Monday  October 5  Fox News announced the hiring of 29-year-old Karoline Leavitt  who had been White House press secretary until the end of August. Leavitt will begin as a commentator on November 1  two days before the midterm elections. This is a hire with some interesting numbers behind it. In September  Fox News had 1.72 million viewers in prime time  32% fewer than a year earlier. Among viewers aged 25–54  the demographic used for advertising pricing  the decline reached 44.3%  to 156 000. In the third quarter  the figure was 2.06 million  down 17%  while MS NOW rose 16% and CNN 12.8%. Fox remains number one  with an audience larger than those of its two competitors combined. The stakes are significant. In the fiscal year ending June 30  the cable-network segment generated $7.35 billion in revenue for Fox Corp. That amount represents 43% of a group with total revenue of $17.13 billion and EBITDA of $3.10 billion. Advertising revenue in the segment increased 10%  to $1.69 billion  thanks to higher rates as well as the World Cup  despite lower viewership  as the company itself acknowledges. More expensive spots reaching a smaller audience is a strategy that cannot withstand many quarters. Leavitt becomes the channel’s third former White House press secretary  after Dana Perino and Kayleigh McEnany. Her compensation was not disclosed. It is known  however  from a post by Trump himself in August  that she remains one of his key outside advisers for the November 3 elections. When the most important customer threatens to switch channels  you hire the voice of the customer…,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.24,0.46,True,English,"['jasmine pot', 'Anna', 'Karvelas', 'Koustas', 'greenery', 'Diamantidis', 'Panagopoulou', 'house', 'Kavouri', 'two Deputy Foreign Ministers', 'Mohammed bin Salman', 'State Department staff', 'best available lighting', 'personal presidential bid', 'surplus VAT revenues', 'MED9 Euro-Mediterranean Summit', 'Central Archaeological Council', 'Foreign Ministry team', 'Wide Media Group', 'State Department officials', 'von der Leyen', 'Ms. Katerina Panagopoulou', 'Vissi–Karvelas match', 'King George hotel', 'deputy ministers', 'Vissi brand', 'European Council', 'media circles', 'widow Panagopoulou', 'Protothema.gr', 'gossip column', 'quick analysis', 'Rupert Murdoch', 'Proto Thema', 'jasmine pot', 'extra bucks', 'other issue', 'American delegation', 'Strategic Dialogue', 'one hand', 'Alexandra Papadopoulou', 'Harris Theoharis', 'various ministries', 'United States', 'formal approval', 'important photograph', 'Republican nomination', 'Tudor Hall', 'great deal', 'Grande Bretagne', 'Asterios Koustoudis', 'Kimberly Guilfoyle', 'Joshua Huck', 'good weather', 'American diplomacy', 'magnificent view', 'additional measures', 'fiscal space', 'European Parliament', 'strong objections', 'many countries', 'large deficit', 'Diamantis Diamantidis', 'unauthorized structures', 'Alexis Tsipras', 'backstage story', 'Konstantinos Papavasileiou', 'similar position', 'limited pay', 'Public Television', 'Maximos Mansion', 'little house', 'private meetings', 'Head Chef', 'board subsidies', 'SYRIZA-led government', 'The Commission', 'Mr. Rubio', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'world', 'brief', 'subject', 'Koustas', 'something', 'Anna', 'key', '100 ships', 'equation', 'end', 'power', 'cash', 'Dimitris', 'day', 'Karaiskakis', 'Panathinaikos', 'stadium', 'PAOK', 'Olympiacos', 'expansion', 'AEK', 'elections', 'Athens', 'residence', 'heart', 'place', 'course', 'afternoon', 'signing', 'agreement', 'program', 'Gerapetritis', 'statements', 'time', 'Embassy', 'Pnyx', 'discussion', 'KAS', 'Dinner', 'activity', 'Mitsotakis', 'menu', 'assignments', 'entourage', 'Papastergiou', 'Theodorikakos', 'Kikilias', 'others', 'Portugal', 'energy', 'flexibility', 'consumers', 'letters', 'Meloni', 'mid-October', 'case', 'Split', 'Croatia', 'word', 'love', 'cough', 'money', 'shipowner', 'Kavouri', 'bargain', 'seashore', 'beach', 'adviser', 'yacht', 'legalization', 'departure', 'company', 'CEO', 'divorce', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης', '09']",2026-10-07,2026-10-08,en.protothema.gr
