UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
13359,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/b3y39TW9O1,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/b3y39TW9O1,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-17,2022-11-22,Unknown
13360,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/54GXeAeAZl,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/54GXeAeAZl,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'GXeAeAZl', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'GXeAeAZl']",2022-11-17,2022-11-22,Unknown
13361,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/pHEqt6TJUW,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/pHEqt6TJUW,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-17,2022-11-22,Unknown
13422,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@KyivIndependent Blocked at Euroclear….,nan,@KyivIndependent Blocked at Euroclear….,neutral,0.05,0.76,0.2,neutral,0.05,0.76,0.2,True,English,"['KyivIndependent', 'Euroclear', 'KyivIndependent', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13423,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How Discover's skills lab shapes its newest recruits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/a3tPp0yDNw #regtech,nan,How Discover's skills lab shapes its newest recruits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/a3tPp0yDNw #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['skills lab', 'newest recruits', 'skills lab', 'newest recruits']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13424,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Eastmill Federal Credit Union in Maine hires new CEO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CSNLj8RFZD #regtech,nan,Eastmill Federal Credit Union in Maine hires new CEO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CSNLj8RFZD #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Eastmill Federal Credit Union', 'new CEO', 'Maine', 'Fintech', 'CSNLj8RFZD', 'Eastmill Federal Credit Union', 'new CEO', 'Maine', 'Fintech', 'CSNLj8RFZD']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13425,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@reijerhendrikse Probably because Euroclear - the largest offshore clearing and settlement intermediary for US$ den… https://t.co/CNzeEetC8b,nan,@reijerhendrikse Probably because Euroclear - the largest offshore clearing and settlement intermediary for US$ den… https://t.co/CNzeEetC8b,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['largest offshore clearing', 'settlement intermediary', 'reijerhendrikse', 'Euroclear', 'US$', 'CNzeEetC8b', 'largest offshore clearing', 'settlement intermediary', 'reijerhendrikse', 'Euroclear', 'US$', 'CNzeEetC8b']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13426,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/nQFCv4XCku,nan,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/nQFCv4XCku,neutral,0.04,0.74,0.22,neutral,0.04,0.74,0.22,True,English,"['Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13433,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,First Centrally Cleared Short Bitcoin ETP Launched on Deutsche Boerse Xetra https://t.co/4J3UZncHns,nan,First Centrally Cleared Short Bitcoin ETP Launched on Deutsche Boerse Xetra https://t.co/4J3UZncHns,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Short Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse\xa0Xetra', 'J3UZncHns', 'Short Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse\xa0Xetra', 'J3UZncHns']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13434,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Fidelity International Introduces ETP on Deutsche Boerse Exchanges https://t.co/T0H6nNNNEM,nan,Fidelity International Introduces ETP on Deutsche Boerse Exchanges https://t.co/T0H6nNNNEM,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse\xa0Exchanges', 'Fidelity International', 'ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse\xa0Exchanges', 'Fidelity International', 'ETP']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13495,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221118005623/en/SLB-Announces-Debt-Tender-Offer,SLB Announces Debt Tender Offer,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--SLB (NYSE: SLB) today announced that Schlumberger Holdings Corporation  an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SLB (“SHC”)  has commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but …,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--SLB (NYSE: SLB) today announced that Schlumberger Holdings Corporation  an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SLB (“SHC”)  has commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest (as defined below)  of $500 000 000 (such amount  as it may be amended  the “Maximum Purchase Price”) of the notes listed in the table below (the “Notes”). The offer to purchase the Notes is referred to herein as the “Offer.” The Offer is made upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase  dated November 21  2022 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time  the “Offer to Purchase”). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this press release have the meanings given to them in the Offer to Purchase.Title of Security CUSIP Numbers Acceptance Priority Level(1) Principal Amount Outstanding Early Tender Premium(2) Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page Fixed Spread (basis points)(3) 3.750% Senior Notes due 2024 806851AJ0 (144A) / U8066LAG9 (Reg S) 1 $750 000 000 $30 2.500% U.S. Treasury Notes due 04/30/2024 FIT 4 +20 4.000% Senior Notes due 2025 806851AG6 (144A) / U8066LAE4 (Reg S) 2 $932 597 000 $30 4.500% U.S. Treasury Notes due 11/15/2025 FIT 1 +55 3.900% Senior Notes due 2028 806851AK7 (144A) / U8066LAH7 (Reg S) 3 $1 500 000 000 $30 4.125% U.S. Treasury Notes due 10/31/2027 FIT 1 +110 4.300% Senior Notes due 2029 806851AH4 (144A) / U8066LAF1 (Reg S) 4 $850 000 000 $30 4.125% U.S. Treasury Notes due 11/15/2032 FIT 1 +150________________ (1) SHC will accept Notes in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Level specified in the table above (each  an “Acceptance Priority Level ” with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 4 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the terms and conditions described elsewhere in the Offer to Purchase  including the Maximum Purchase Price and proration. (2) For each $1 000 principal amount of Notes tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time (as defined below) and accepted for purchase. (3) The applicable Fixed Spread will be used to calculate the applicable Total Consideration (as defined below) payable for each series of Notes  which already includes the Early Tender Premium.All documentation relating to the Offer  including the Offer to Purchase  together with any updates  are available from the Tender and Information Agent (as defined below) and will also be available at the following website: http://www.dfking.com/slb.Details of the OfferThe Offer will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 19  2022 (unless the Offer is extended or terminated) (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Expiration Time”). To be eligible to receive the applicable Total Consideration  which includes the Early Tender Premium (as defined below)  Holders must validly tender and not validly withdraw their Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 5  2022 (unless the Offer is extended or terminated) (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Early Tender Time”). Holders who validly tender their Notes after the Early Tender Time and at or prior to the Expiration Time will be eligible to receive only the applicable Tender Offer Consideration  which is an amount equal to the applicable Total Consideration less the applicable Early Tender Premium.The settlement date for the Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Time and accepted for purchase will occur promptly following the Early Tender Time and is expected to be December 8  2022 (the “Early Settlement Date”). The settlement date for the Notes validly tendered after the Early Tender Time and accepted for purchase will occur promptly following the Expiration Time and is expected to be December 21  2022 (the “Final Settlement Date”). Holders who tender their Notes prior to the Early Tender Time may withdraw such Notes at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 5  2022.To be eligible to receive the applicable Tender Offer Consideration  Holders must validly tender and not validly withdraw their Notes at or prior to the Expiration Time. Holders who tender their Notes after the Early Tender Time and prior to the Expiration Time may not withdraw such Notes. The Offer is not conditioned on any minimum amount of Notes being tendered.All of the Notes are held in book-entry form through the facilities of DTC. If you desire to tender Notes held through DTC  you must transfer such Notes to the Tender and Information Agent through DTC’s Automated Tender Offer Program  for which the transaction will be eligible  in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase. There is no letter of transmittal for the Offer to Purchase. Any Holder who holds Notes through Clearstream Banking  société anonyme or Euroclear Bank SA/NV must comply with the applicable procedures of such clearing system. If a Holder holds Notes through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee or custodian  the Holder must contact them if they wish to tender their Notes.The “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of such series of Notes equal to an amount  calculated in accordance with the Offer to Purchase  that would reflect  as of the Early Settlement Date  a yield to the applicable par call date or maturity date (in accordance with market practice) of such series of Notes equal to the sum of (i) the Reference Yield for such series  determined at 10:00 a.m.  New York City time  on the business day following the Early Tender Time  plus (ii) the fixed spread applicable to such series  as set forth in the table above  in each case minus accrued interest from  and including  the immediately preceding interest payment date up to  but excluding  the Early Settlement Date. The “Reference Yield” means the yield based on the bid-side price of the reference security listed in the table above for such series. The “Repurchase Yield” is equal to the Reference Yield plus the Fixed Spread. The applicable Total Consideration includes the applicable early tender premium set forth in the table above (the “Early Tender Premium”).The “Tender Offer Consideration” payable for each series of Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of such series of Notes equal to the applicable Total Consideration for that series of Notes minus the applicable Early Tender Premium.In addition to the Total Consideration or the Tender Offer Consideration (as applicable)  Holders whose Notes are accepted for purchase in the Offer will also be paid a cash amount equal to the accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes  from  and including  the immediately preceding interest payment date (a) up to  but excluding  the Early Settlement Date  payable on the Early Settlement Date or (b) up to  but excluding  the Final Settlement Date  payable on the Final Settlement Date  as applicable  rounded to the nearest cent per $1 000 principal amount of Notes (such cash amount  the “Accrued Interest”).Notes accepted for purchase will be accepted in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Levels (with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 4 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the limitation that Notes will only be purchased in an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest  not exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price.Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any tendered Notes having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted  and all Notes validly tendered after the Early Tender Time having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted  in each case subject to the Maximum Purchase Price. Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time will be accepted for purchase in priority to other Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time  even if such Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time have a higher Acceptance Priority Level than Notes tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Time. If the Offer is oversubscribed at the Early Tender Time  then SHC will announce promptly after the Early Tender Time that Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time will not be purchased pursuant to the Offer.Subject to any increase or decrease to the Maximum Purchase Price  if on the Early Settlement Date or the Final Settlement Date there are sufficient remaining funds to purchase some  but not all  of the remaining tendered Notes in any Acceptance Priority Level without exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price  SHC will accept for payment such tendered Notes on a prorated basis  with the proration factor for such Acceptance Priority Level depending on the aggregate principal amount of Notes of such Acceptance Priority Level validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. Each tender of Notes that is prorated will be rounded down to the nearest $1 000 principal amount of Notes. Depending on the proration factor applied  if the principal amount of Notes returned to a Holder as a result of proration would result in less than the minimum denomination of $2 000 principal amount of Notes being returned to such Holder  SHC will accept or reject all of such Holder’s validly tendered Notes.Furthermore  if Notes are validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to or at the Early Tender Time such that the aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest  of such Notes  if purchased  would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price  Holders who validly tender Notes after the Early Tender Time will not have any of their Notes accepted for purchase regardless of the Acceptance Priority Level of such Notes unless SHC increases the Maximum Purchase Price. SHC reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to increase the Maximum Purchase Price  but there can be no assurance that it will do so.Subject to applicable law and limitations described in the Offer to Purchase  SHC expressly reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to amend  extend or  upon failure of any condition described in the Offer to Purchase to be satisfied or waived  to terminate the Offer at any time at or prior to the Expiration Time.SHC has retained Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to act as the Dealer Managers in connection with the Offer (collectively  the “Dealer Managers”). Questions regarding terms and conditions of the Offer should be directed to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. by calling toll free at (866) 627-0391 or collect at (212) 250-2955  or to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC by calling toll free at (866) 834-4666 or collect at (212) 834-3424.D.F. King & Co.  Inc. has been appointed as tender and information agent (the “Tender and Information Agent”) in connection with the Offer. Questions or requests for assistance in connection with the Offer or for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase  may be directed to D.F. King & Co.  Inc. by calling toll free (800) 290-6424 or collect at (212) 269-5550 or via e-mail at slb@dfking.com. You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. The Offer to Purchase can be accessed at the following website: http://www.dfking.com/slb.Neither this press release nor the Offer to Purchase  or the electronic transmission thereof  constitutes an offer to sell or buy Notes  as applicable  in any jurisdiction in which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation under applicable securities laws or otherwise. The distribution of this press release in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of their respective affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate (as the case may be) on behalf of SHC in such jurisdiction.About SLBSLB (NYSE: SLB) is a global technology company that drives energy innovation for a balanced planet. With a global footprint in more than 100 countries and employees representing almost twice as many nationalities  we work each day on innovating oil and gas  delivering digital at scale  decarbonizing industries  and developing and scaling new energy systems that accelerate the energy transition. Find out more at slb.com.Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws  which include any statements that are not historical facts. Such statements often contain words such as “expect ” “may ” “can ” “plan ” “potential ” “expectations ” “estimate ” “intend ” “anticipate ” “target ” “think ” “should ” “could ” “would ” “will ” “see ” “likely ” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements address matters that are  to varying degrees  uncertain  such as statements regarding the terms and timing for completion of the Offer  including the acceptance for purchase of any Notes validly tendered and the expected Expiration Time and Settlement Date thereof  and the consideration of the Tender Offer. SLB and SHC cannot give any assurance that such statements will prove correct. These statements are subject to  among other things  the risks and uncertainties detailed in SLB’s most recent Forms 10-K  10-Q  and 8-K filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of any such development changes)  or should SLB’s underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of November 21  2022  and SLB and SHC disclaim any intention or obligation to update publicly or revise such statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Debt Tender Offer', 'SLB', 'Security CUSIP Numbers Acceptance Priority Level', 'Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page', 'highest Acceptance Priority Level', 'lowest Acceptance Priority Level', 'New York City time', 'U.S. Treasury Notes', 'Automated Tender Offer Program', 'applicable Early Tender Premium', 'aggregate purchase price amount', 'applicable Tender Offer Consideration', 'applicable Total Consideration', 'Schlumberger Holdings Corporation', 'société anonyme', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Early Tender Time', 'applicable Fixed Spread', 'Maximum Purchase Price', 'Early Settlement Date', 'Final Settlement Date', 'Reg S', 'applicable procedures', 'commercial bank', 'Expiration Time', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'owned subsidiary', 'Accrued Interest', 'press release', 'Principal Amount', 'basis points', 'Information Agent', 'following website', 'minimum amount', 'book-entry form', 'Clearstream Banking', 'clearing system', 'trust company', '4.000% Senior Notes', 'Capitalized terms', 'SLB', 'NYSE', 'indirect', 'SHC', 'cash', 'table', 'conditions', 'meanings', 'Title', 'FIT', 'accordance', 'proration', 'series', 'documentation', 'updates', 'Details', 'December', 'same', 'Holders', 'facilities', 'DTC', 'transaction', 'letter', 'transmittal', 'broker', 'dealer', '2028', '11:59', '5:00']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13496,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221118005633/en/SLB-Announces-Debt-Tender-Offer,SLB Announces Debt Tender Offer,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: SLB (NYSE: SLB) today announced that Schlumberger Holdings Corporation  an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SLB (“SHC”)  has commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to an aggregate purchase price amount  inclu…,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:SLB (NYSE: SLB) today announced that Schlumberger Holdings Corporation  an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SLB (“SHC”)  has commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest (as defined below)  of $500 000 000 (such amount  as it may be amended  the “Maximum Purchase Price”) of the notes listed in the table below (the “Notes”). The offer to purchase the Notes is referred to herein as the “Offer.” The Offer is made upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase  dated November 21  2022 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time  the “Offer to Purchase”). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this press release have the meanings given to them in the Offer to Purchase.Title of Security CUSIP Numbers Acceptance Priority Level(1) Principal Amount Outstanding Early Tender Premium(2) Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page Fixed Spread (basis points)(3) 3.750% Senior Notes due 2024 806851AJ0 (144A) / U8066LAG9 (Reg S) 1 $750 000 000 $30 2.500% U.S. Treasury Notes due 04/30/2024 FIT 4 +20 4.000% Senior Notes due 2025 806851AG6 (144A) / U8066LAE4 (Reg S) 2 $932 597 000 $30 4.500% U.S. Treasury Notes due 11/15/2025 FIT 1 +55 3.900% Senior Notes due 2028 806851AK7 (144A) / U8066LAH7 (Reg S) 3 $1 500 000 000 $30 4.125% U.S. Treasury Notes due 10/31/2027 FIT 1 +110 4.300% Senior Notes due 2029 806851AH4 (144A) / U8066LAF1 (Reg S) 4 $850 000 000 $30 4.125% U.S. Treasury Notes due 11/15/2032 FIT 1 +150________________ (1) SHC will accept Notes in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Level specified in the table above (each  an “Acceptance Priority Level ” with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 4 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the terms and conditions described elsewhere in the Offer to Purchase  including the Maximum Purchase Price and proration. (2) For each $1 000 principal amount of Notes tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time (as defined below) and accepted for purchase. (3) The applicable Fixed Spread will be used to calculate the applicable Total Consideration (as defined below) payable for each series of Notes  which already includes the Early Tender Premium.All documentation relating to the Offer  including the Offer to Purchase  together with any updates  are available from the Tender and Information Agent (as defined below) and will also be available at the following website: http://www.dfking.com/slb.Details of the OfferThe Offer will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 19  2022 (unless the Offer is extended or terminated) (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Expiration Time”). To be eligible to receive the applicable Total Consideration  which includes the Early Tender Premium (as defined below)  Holders must validly tender and not validly withdraw their Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 5  2022 (unless the Offer is extended or terminated) (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Early Tender Time”). Holders who validly tender their Notes after the Early Tender Time and at or prior to the Expiration Time will be eligible to receive only the applicable Tender Offer Consideration  which is an amount equal to the applicable Total Consideration less the applicable Early Tender Premium.The settlement date for the Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Time and accepted for purchase will occur promptly following the Early Tender Time and is expected to be December 8  2022 (the “Early Settlement Date”). The settlement date for the Notes validly tendered after the Early Tender Time and accepted for purchase will occur promptly following the Expiration Time and is expected to be December 21  2022 (the “Final Settlement Date”). Holders who tender their Notes prior to the Early Tender Time may withdraw such Notes at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 5  2022.To be eligible to receive the applicable Tender Offer Consideration  Holders must validly tender and not validly withdraw their Notes at or prior to the Expiration Time. Holders who tender their Notes after the Early Tender Time and prior to the Expiration Time may not withdraw such Notes. The Offer is not conditioned on any minimum amount of Notes being tendered.All of the Notes are held in book-entry form through the facilities of DTC. If you desire to tender Notes held through DTC  you must transfer such Notes to the Tender and Information Agent through DTC’s Automated Tender Offer Program  for which the transaction will be eligible  in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase. There is no letter of transmittal for the Offer to Purchase. Any Holder who holds Notes through Clearstream Banking  société anonyme or Euroclear Bank SA/NV must comply with the applicable procedures of such clearing system. If a Holder holds Notes through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee or custodian  the Holder must contact them if they wish to tender their Notes.The “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of such series of Notes equal to an amount  calculated in accordance with the Offer to Purchase  that would reflect  as of the Early Settlement Date  a yield to the applicable par call date or maturity date (in accordance with market practice) of such series of Notes equal to the sum of (i) the Reference Yield for such series  determined at 10:00 a.m.  New York City time  on the business day following the Early Tender Time  plus (ii) the fixed spread applicable to such series  as set forth in the table above  in each case minus accrued interest from  and including  the immediately preceding interest payment date up to  but excluding  the Early Settlement Date. The “Reference Yield” means the yield based on the bid-side price of the reference security listed in the table above for such series. The “Repurchase Yield” is equal to the Reference Yield plus the Fixed Spread. The applicable Total Consideration includes the applicable early tender premium set forth in the table above (the “Early Tender Premium”).The “Tender Offer Consideration” payable for each series of Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of such series of Notes equal to the applicable Total Consideration for that series of Notes minus the applicable Early Tender Premium.In addition to the Total Consideration or the Tender Offer Consideration (as applicable)  Holders whose Notes are accepted for purchase in the Offer will also be paid a cash amount equal to the accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes  from  and including  the immediately preceding interest payment date (a) up to  but excluding  the Early Settlement Date  payable on the Early Settlement Date or (b) up to  but excluding  the Final Settlement Date  payable on the Final Settlement Date  as applicable  rounded to the nearest cent per $1 000 principal amount of Notes (such cash amount  the “Accrued Interest”).Notes accepted for purchase will be accepted in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Levels (with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 4 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the limitation that Notes will only be purchased in an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest  not exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price.Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any tendered Notes having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted  and all Notes validly tendered after the Early Tender Time having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted  in each case subject to the Maximum Purchase Price. Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time will be accepted for purchase in priority to other Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time  even if such Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time have a higher Acceptance Priority Level than Notes tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Time. If the Offer is oversubscribed at the Early Tender Time  then SHC will announce promptly after the Early Tender Time that Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time will not be purchased pursuant to the Offer.Subject to any increase or decrease to the Maximum Purchase Price  if on the Early Settlement Date or the Final Settlement Date there are sufficient remaining funds to purchase some  but not all  of the remaining tendered Notes in any Acceptance Priority Level without exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price  SHC will accept for payment such tendered Notes on a prorated basis  with the proration factor for such Acceptance Priority Level depending on the aggregate principal amount of Notes of such Acceptance Priority Level validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. Each tender of Notes that is prorated will be rounded down to the nearest $1 000 principal amount of Notes. Depending on the proration factor applied  if the principal amount of Notes returned to a Holder as a result of proration would result in less than the minimum denomination of $2 000 principal amount of Notes being returned to such Holder  SHC will accept or reject all of such Holder’s validly tendered Notes.Furthermore  if Notes are validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to or at the Early Tender Time such that the aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest  of such Notes  if purchased  would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price  Holders who validly tender Notes after the Early Tender Time will not have any of their Notes accepted for purchase regardless of the Acceptance Priority Level of such Notes unless SHC increases the Maximum Purchase Price. SHC reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to increase the Maximum Purchase Price  but there can be no assurance that it will do so.Subject to applicable law and limitations described in the Offer to Purchase  SHC expressly reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to amend  extend or  upon failure of any condition described in the Offer to Purchase to be satisfied or waived  to terminate the Offer at any time at or prior to the Expiration Time.SHC has retained Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to act as the Dealer Managers in connection with the Offer (collectively  the “Dealer Managers”). Questions regarding terms and conditions of the Offer should be directed to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. by calling toll free at (866) 627-0391 or collect at (212) 250-2955  or to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC by calling toll free at (866) 834-4666 or collect at (212) 834-3424.D.F. King & Co.  Inc. has been appointed as tender and information agent (the “Tender and Information Agent”) in connection with the Offer. Questions or requests for assistance in connection with the Offer or for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase  may be directed to D.F. King & Co.  Inc. by calling toll free (800) 290-6424 or collect at (212) 269-5550 or via e-mail at slb@dfking.com. You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. The Offer to Purchase can be accessed at the following website: http://www.dfking.com/slb.Neither this press release nor the Offer to Purchase  or the electronic transmission thereof  constitutes an offer to sell or buy Notes  as applicable  in any jurisdiction in which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation under applicable securities laws or otherwise. The distribution of this press release in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of their respective affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate (as the case may be) on behalf of SHC in such jurisdiction.About SLBSLB (NYSE: SLB) is a global technology company that drives energy innovation for a balanced planet. With a global footprint in more than 100 countries and employees representing almost twice as many nationalities  we work each day on innovating oil and gas  delivering digital at scale  decarbonizing industries  and developing and scaling new energy systems that accelerate the energy transition. Find out more at slb.com.Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws  which include any statements that are not historical facts. Such statements often contain words such as “expect ” “may ” “can ” “plan ” “potential ” “expectations ” “estimate ” “intend ” “anticipate ” “target ” “think ” “should ” “could ” “would ” “will ” “see ” “likely ” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements address matters that are  to varying degrees  uncertain  such as statements regarding the terms and timing for completion of the Offer  including the acceptance for purchase of any Notes validly tendered and the expected Expiration Time and Settlement Date thereof  and the consideration of the Tender Offer. SLB and SHC cannot give any assurance that such statements will prove correct. These statements are subject to  among other things  the risks and uncertainties detailed in SLB’s most recent Forms 10-K  10-Q  and 8-K filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of any such development changes)  or should SLB’s underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of November 21  2022  and SLB and SHC disclaim any intention or obligation to update publicly or revise such statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Debt Tender Offer', 'SLB', 'Security CUSIP Numbers Acceptance Priority Level', 'Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page', 'highest Acceptance Priority Level', 'lowest Acceptance Priority Level', 'New York City time', 'Outstanding Early Tender Premium', 'U.S. Treasury Notes', 'Automated Tender Offer Program', 'aggregate purchase price amount', 'applicable Tender Offer Consideration', 'applicable Total Consideration', 'Schlumberger Holdings Corporation', 'société anonyme', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Early Tender Time', 'Maximum Purchase Price', 'applicable Fixed Spread', 'Final Settlement Date', 'Reg S', 'commercial bank', 'Expiration Time', 'applicable procedures', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'owned subsidiary', 'Accrued Interest', 'press release', 'Principal Amount', 'basis points', 'Information Agent', 'following website', 'minimum amount', 'book-entry form', 'Clearstream Banking', 'clearing system', '4.000% Senior Notes', 'Capitalized terms', 'SLB', 'NYSE', 'SHC', 'cash', 'table', 'conditions', 'meanings', 'Title', 'FIT', 'accordance', 'proration', 'series', 'documentation', 'updates', 'Details', 'December', 'same', 'Holders', 'facilities', 'DTC', 'transaction', 'letter', 'transmittal', 'broker', 'dealer', '3.', '2028', '11:59', '5:00']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13497,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Black Friday Sale at @bestbuy!Save $40 on the ClearStream 4MAX Complete until 11/28.Shop now:… https://t.co/eXLGa2zyPE,nan,Black Friday Sale at @bestbuy!Save $40 on the ClearStream 4MAX Complete until 11/28.Shop now:… https://t.co/eXLGa2zyPE,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,True,English,"['Black Friday Sale', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'Shop', 'Black Friday Sale', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'Shop']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,Unknown
13498,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FTX is the new CLEARSTREAM,nan,FTX is the new CLEARSTREAM,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new CLEARSTREAM', 'FTX', 'new CLEARSTREAM', 'FTX']",2022-11-19,2022-11-22,Unknown
13499,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,AFTER CLEARSTREAM COUP  FIRM RECORDED IN LEBANON AS PROSTITUTION FIRM ECOLE BATTUS A IRANIAN WOMEN HE MARRIED MALEK… https://t.co/X6d58W6lOX,nan,AFTER CLEARSTREAM COUP  FIRM RECORDED IN LEBANON AS PROSTITUTION FIRM ECOLE BATTUS A IRANIAN WOMEN HE MARRIED MALEK… https://t.co/X6d58W6lOX,neutral,0.15,0.68,0.16,neutral,0.15,0.68,0.16,True,English,"['AFTER CLEARSTREAM COUP  FIRM', 'PROSTITUTION FIRM ECOLE BATTUS', 'IRANIAN WOMEN', 'MARRIED MALEK', 'LEBANON', 'AFTER CLEARSTREAM COUP  FIRM', 'PROSTITUTION FIRM ECOLE BATTUS', 'IRANIAN WOMEN', 'MARRIED MALEK', 'LEBANON']",2022-11-19,2022-11-22,Unknown
13500,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,IS NABIL MALEK THE GANG BOSS WO WITH ANTOINE BAGI KIDNAP ALL AS TERRORIST KIDNAPPER BOSS  CLEARSTREAM FUNDS WITH HI… https://t.co/eplP13RTaf,nan,IS NABIL MALEK THE GANG BOSS WO WITH ANTOINE BAGI KIDNAP ALL AS TERRORIST KIDNAPPER BOSS  CLEARSTREAM FUNDS WITH HI… https://t.co/eplP13RTaf,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['TERRORIST KIDNAPPER BOSS  CLEARSTREAM FUNDS', 'ANTOINE BAGI KIDNAP', 'GANG BOSS', 'NABIL MALEK', 'HI', 'TERRORIST KIDNAPPER BOSS  CLEARSTREAM FUNDS', 'ANTOINE BAGI KIDNAP', 'GANG BOSS', 'NABIL MALEK', 'HI']",2022-11-19,2022-11-22,Unknown
13501,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,BIOTECH ALS DECKNAME  LONAY LABOR DANIELE FRANCOIS BUTCHER MICHEL THE CRUDE WO WANTED GET.  PENSION BY CLEARSTREAM… https://t.co/igbO2emwAi,nan,BIOTECH ALS DECKNAME  LONAY LABOR DANIELE FRANCOIS BUTCHER MICHEL THE CRUDE WO WANTED GET.  PENSION BY CLEARSTREAM… https://t.co/igbO2emwAi,neutral,0.21,0.71,0.08,neutral,0.21,0.71,0.08,True,English,"['DECKNAME  LONAY LABOR DANIELE FRANCOIS BUTCHER MICHEL', 'BIOTECH', 'CRUDE', 'PENSION', 'CLEARSTREAM', 'DECKNAME  LONAY LABOR DANIELE FRANCOIS BUTCHER MICHEL', 'BIOTECH', 'CRUDE', 'PENSION', 'CLEARSTREAM']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13502,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Antennasdirect @TabloTV $199 MSRP on the Tablo+$50 MSRP on the Clearstream Ellipse amplified= $440 value? 🤔,nan,@Antennasdirect @TabloTV $199 MSRP on the Tablo+$50 MSRP on the Clearstream Ellipse amplified= $440 value? 🤔,positive,0.5,0.39,0.11,positive,0.5,0.39,0.11,True,English,"['Clearstream Ellipse', 'Antennasdirect', 'TabloTV', '50 MSRP', '$440 value', 'Clearstream Ellipse', 'Antennasdirect', 'TabloTV', '50 MSRP', '$440 value']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13503,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream's Priya Sharma on Infrastructure Relies on Data Qualityhttps://t.co/7F8M3I0giH#Fintech  #Paytech… https://t.co/CtOFOiwL0J,nan,Clearstream's Priya Sharma on Infrastructure Relies on Data Qualityhttps://t.co/7F8M3I0giH#Fintech  #Paytech… https://t.co/CtOFOiwL0J,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Priya Sharma', 'Infrastructure Relies', 'Data Quality', 'Clearstream', 'Fintech', 'Paytech', 'Priya Sharma', 'Infrastructure Relies', 'Data Quality', 'Clearstream', 'Fintech', 'Paytech']",2022-11-18,2022-11-22,Unknown
13506,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asep-medical-holdings-inc-announces-120000469.html,Asep Medical Holdings Inc. Announces Listing of its Common Shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange,"Asep Medical Holdings Inc. (""Asep Inc."" or the ""Company"") (CSE: ASEP) (OTCQB: SEPSF) (FSE: FSX: JJ8) is pleased to announce its common shares commenced...","VANCOUVER  BC  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ - Asep Medical Holdings Inc. (""Asep Inc."" or the ""Company"") (CSE: ASEP) (OTCQB: SEPSF) (FSE: FSX: JJ8) is pleased to announce its common shares commenced trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FSE) on November 10  2022  under the stock symbol FSX: JJ8. The Company's common shares will continue trading on the CSE under the stock symbol CSE: ASEP and on the OTCQB under the stock symbol OTCQB: SEPSF.Asep Medical Holdings Inc. Logo (CNW Group/ASEP Medical Holdings Inc.)The FSE listing represents a strategic milestone for the Company  as it provides exposure to the European retail and institutional investment community and highlights its potential as a global biotechnology enterprise. This listing is expected to provide the Company with added liquidity and a diversified investor base within a large and globally recognized exchange. Recently  Asep Inc.'s patent application for its sepsis diagnostic technology was approved by 13 European countries  and the listing on the FSE will certainly provide the Company with exposure to the European investment community.Founder  chairman and CEO Dr. Robert E. W. Hancock stated  ""Asep is addressing globally critical issues causing the failure of antibiotics. Trading in Germany (Europe) enables us to maintain a global investor base to support the advanced development of our breakthrough sepsis diagnostics and anti-biofilm therapeutics.""ABOUT THE FRANKFURT STOCK EXCHANGEThe FSE is one of the world's largest international trading centres for securities. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG  it is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges and is responsible for approximately 90 percent of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading  settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors. (boerse-frankfurt.de/en)ABOUT ASEP MEDICAL HOLDINGS INC.Asep Medical Inc. (asepmedical.com) is dedicated to addressing antibiotic failure by developing novel solutions for significant unmet medical needs. The Company is a consolidation of two existing private companies (Sepset Biosciences Inc. (Sepset Inc.) and ABT Innovations Inc. (ABT Inc.)  that are both in the advanced development of both proprietary diagnostic tools  enabling the early and timely identification of severe sepsis as well as broad-spectrum therapeutic agents to address multidrug-resistant biofilm infections.Story continuesSepset Inc. (sepset.ca) is developing a diagnostic technology that involves a patient gene expression signature that predicts severe sepsis  one of the significant diseases leading to antibiotic failure since antibiotics are the primary treatment for sepsis. Despite this  sepsis is responsible for nearly 20% of all deaths on the planet. The SepsetER test is a blood-based gene expression assay that is straightforward to implement  and results are obtained in about an hour in the emergency room or intensive care unit. This proprietary diagnostic technology differs from current diagnostic tests in enabling diagnosis of severe sepsis within 1-2 hours of first clinical presentation (i.e.  in the emergency room)  while other diagnostics only provide diagnosis after 24-36 hours. Asep Inc. believes this will enable critical early decisions to be made by physicians regarding appropriate therapies and reduce overall morbidity and mortality due to sepsis.ABT Inc.'s (abtinnovations.ca) peptide technology covers a broad range of therapeutic applications  including bacterial biofilm infections (medical device infections  chronic infections  lung  bladder  wound  dental  skin  ear-nose and throat  sinusitis  orthopaedic  etc.)  anti-inflammatories  anti-infective immune-modulators and vaccine adjuvants. The company is in the pre-clinical development phase with promising data.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS —This news release contains certain ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of such statements under applicable securities law. Forward-looking statements are frequently characterized by words such as ""anticipates "" ""plan "" ""continue "" ""expect "" ""project "" ""intend "" ""believe "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""may "" ""will "" ""potential "" ""proposed "" ""positioned"" and other similar words  or statements that certain events or conditions ""may"" or ""will"" occur. These statements include but are not limited to the successful clinical testing of our Sepsis diagnostic test and its intended filing for regulatory approval; and the undertaking of pre-clinical studies on our lead therapeutic  with the expectation that this will lead to fast-track clinical trials. Various assumptions were used in drawing conclusions or making the predictions contained in the forward-looking statements throughout this news release. Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made and are subject to a variety of risks (including those risk factors identified in the Asep Medical Inc.'s prospectus dated November 9  2021) available for review under the Company's profile at www.sedar.com and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Asep Inc. is under no obligation  and expressly disclaims any intention or obligation  to update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as expressly required by applicable law.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/asep-medical-holdings-inc-announces-listing-of-its-common-shares-on-the-frankfurt-stock-exchange-301683329.htmlSOURCE ASEP Medical Holdings Inc.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.13,0.56,True,English,"['Asep Medical Holdings Inc.', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Common Shares', 'Listing', 'Dr. Robert E. W. Hancock', 'Asep Medical Holdings Inc. Logo', 'two existing private companies', 'patient gene expression signature', 'blood-based gene expression assay', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'largest international trading centres', 'medical device infections', 'Asep Medical Inc', 'institutional investment community', 'global biotechnology enterprise', 'diversified investor base', 'global investor base', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'intensive care unit', 'proprietary diagnostic tools', 'current diagnostic tests', 'multidrug-resistant biofilm infections', 'bacterial biofilm infections', 'first clinical presentation', 'successful clinical testing', 'seven stock exchanges', 'European investment community', 'broad-spectrum therapeutic agents', 'pre-clinical development phase', 'Sepset Biosciences Inc', 'ABT Innovations Inc', 'proprietary diagnostic technology', 'Sepsis diagnostic test', 'The SepsetER test', 'applicable securities law', 'advanced electronic trading', 'breakthrough sepsis diagnostics', 'critical early decisions', 'other similar words', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'sepsis diagnostic technology', 'Asep Inc', 'Sepset Inc', 'ABT Inc.', 'international investors', 'significant diseases', 'other diagnostics', 'chronic infections', 'advanced development', 'clinical studies', 'stock symbol', 'critical issues', 'European retail', '13 European countries', 'therapeutic applications', 'lead therapeutic', 'cross-border trading', 'common shares', 'CNW Group', 'strategic milestone', 'patent application', 'anti-biofilm therapeutics', 'information systems', 'novel solutions', 'timely identification', 'severe sepsis', 'primary treatment', 'emergency room', '1-2 hours', '24-36 hours', 'appropriate therapies', 'overall morbidity', 'broad range', 'anti-infective immune-modulators', 'vaccine adjuvants', 'promising data', 'news release', 'intended filing', 'regulatory approval', 'Various assumptions', 'risk factors', 'antibiotic failure', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'The FSE', 'FSE listing', 'The Company', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'PRNewswire', 'CSE', 'SEPSF', 'FSX', 'JJ', 'November', 'OTCQB', 'exposure', 'potential', 'added', 'liquidity', 'Founder', 'chairman', 'CEO', 'antibiotics', 'Germany', 'world', '90 percent', 'settlement', 'consolidation', 'Story', 'deaths', 'planet', 'results', 'diagnosis', 'physicians', 'mortality', 'lung', 'bladder', 'wound', 'dental', 'skin', 'ear-nose', 'throat', 'sinusitis', 'anti-inflammatories', 'meaning', 'anticipates', 'project', 'events', 'conditions', 'undertaking', 'expectation', 'conclusions', 'predictions', 'opinions', 'estimates', 'management', 'date', 'variety', 'risks', 'prospectus', 'review', 'prof']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13507,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/asep-medical-holdings-inc-announces-listing-of-its-common-shares-on-the-frankfurt-stock-exchange-301683329.html,Asep Medical Holdings Inc. Announces Listing of its Common Shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange,"VANCOUVER  BC  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ - Asep Medical Holdings Inc. (""Asep Inc."" or the ""Company"") (CSE: ASEP) (OTCQB: SEPSF) (FSE: FSX: JJ8) is pleased to announce its common shares commenced trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FSE) on November 10  2…","VANCOUVER  BC  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ - Asep Medical Holdings Inc. (""Asep Inc."" or the ""Company"") (CSE: ASEP) (OTCQB: SEPSF) (FSE: FSX: JJ8) is pleased to announce its common shares commenced trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FSE) on November 10  2022  under the stock symbol FSX: JJ8. The Company's common shares will continue trading on the CSE under the stock symbol CSE: ASEP and on the OTCQB under the stock symbol OTCQB: SEPSF.The FSE listing represents a strategic milestone for the Company  as it provides exposure to the European retail and institutional investment community and highlights its potential as a global biotechnology enterprise. This listing is expected to provide the Company with added liquidity and a diversified investor base within a large and globally recognized exchange. Recently  Asep Inc.'s patent application for its sepsis diagnostic technology was approved by 13 European countries  and the listing on the FSE will certainly provide the Company with exposure to the European investment community.Founder  chairman and CEO Dr. Robert E. W. Hancock stated  ""Asep is addressing globally critical issues causing the failure of antibiotics. Trading in Germany (Europe) enables us to maintain a global investor base to support the advanced development of our breakthrough sepsis diagnostics and anti-biofilm therapeutics.""ABOUT THE FRANKFURT STOCK EXCHANGEThe FSE is one of the world's largest international trading centres for securities. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG  it is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges and is responsible for approximately 90 percent of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading  settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors. (boerse-frankfurt.de/en)ABOUT ASEP MEDICAL HOLDINGS INC.Asep Medical Inc. (asepmedical.com) is dedicated to addressing antibiotic failure by developing novel solutions for significant unmet medical needs. The Company is a consolidation of two existing private companies (Sepset Biosciences Inc. (Sepset Inc.) and ABT Innovations Inc. (ABT Inc.)  that are both in the advanced development of both proprietary diagnostic tools  enabling the early and timely identification of severe sepsis as well as broad-spectrum therapeutic agents to address multidrug-resistant biofilm infections.Sepset Inc. (sepset.ca) is developing a diagnostic technology that involves a patient gene expression signature that predicts severe sepsis  one of the significant diseases leading to antibiotic failure since antibiotics are the primary treatment for sepsis. Despite this  sepsis is responsible for nearly 20% of all deaths on the planet. The SepsetER test is a blood-based gene expression assay that is straightforward to implement  and results are obtained in about an hour in the emergency room or intensive care unit. This proprietary diagnostic technology differs from current diagnostic tests in enabling diagnosis of severe sepsis within 1-2 hours of first clinical presentation (i.e.  in the emergency room)  while other diagnostics only provide diagnosis after 24-36 hours. Asep Inc. believes this will enable critical early decisions to be made by physicians regarding appropriate therapies and reduce overall morbidity and mortality due to sepsis.ABT Inc.'s (abtinnovations.ca) peptide technology covers a broad range of therapeutic applications  including bacterial biofilm infections (medical device infections  chronic infections  lung  bladder  wound  dental  skin  ear-nose and throat  sinusitis  orthopaedic  etc.)  anti-inflammatories  anti-infective immune-modulators and vaccine adjuvants. The company is in the pre-clinical development phase with promising data.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS —This news release contains certain ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of such statements under applicable securities law. Forward-looking statements are frequently characterized by words such as ""anticipates "" ""plan "" ""continue "" ""expect "" ""project "" ""intend "" ""believe "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""may "" ""will "" ""potential "" ""proposed "" ""positioned"" and other similar words  or statements that certain events or conditions ""may"" or ""will"" occur. These statements include but are not limited to the successful clinical testing of our Sepsis diagnostic test and its intended filing for regulatory approval; and the undertaking of pre-clinical studies on our lead therapeutic  with the expectation that this will lead to fast-track clinical trials. Various assumptions were used in drawing conclusions or making the predictions contained in the forward-looking statements throughout this news release. Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made and are subject to a variety of risks (including those risk factors identified in the Asep Medical Inc.'s prospectus dated November 9  2021) available for review under the Company's profile at www.sedar.com and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Asep Inc. is under no obligation  and expressly disclaims any intention or obligation  to update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as expressly required by applicable law.SOURCE ASEP Medical Holdings Inc.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.2,0.61,True,English,"['Asep Medical Holdings Inc.', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Common Shares', 'Listing', 'Dr. Robert E. W. Hancock', 'two existing private companies', 'patient gene expression signature', 'blood-based gene expression assay', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'largest international trading centres', 'Asep Medical Holdings Inc', 'medical device infections', 'institutional investment community', 'global biotechnology enterprise', 'diversified investor base', 'global investor base', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'intensive care unit', 'first clinical presentation', 'successful clinical testing', 'proprietary diagnostic tools', 'current diagnostic tests', 'multidrug-resistant biofilm infections', 'bacterial biofilm infections', 'seven stock exchanges', 'Asep Medical Inc', 'European investment community', 'broad-spectrum therapeutic agents', 'proprietary diagnostic technology', 'The SepsetER test', 'Sepset Biosciences Inc', 'ABT Innovations Inc', 'pre-clinical development phase', 'Sepsis diagnostic test', 'applicable securities law', 'advanced electronic trading', 'breakthrough sepsis diagnostics', 'other similar words', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'sepsis diagnostic technology', 'The FSE listing', 'international investors', 'significant diseases', 'Sepset Inc', 'ABT Inc.', 'Asep Inc', 'other diagnostics', 'chronic infections', 'advanced development', 'stock symbol', 'pre-clinical studies', 'European retail', '13 European countries', 'therapeutic applications', 'lead therapeutic', 'other factors', 'cross-border trading', 'common shares', 'strategic milestone', 'patent application', 'anti-biofilm therapeutics', 'information systems', 'novel solutions', 'timely identification', 'severe sepsis', 'primary treatment', 'emergency room', '1-2 hours', '24-36 hours', 'appropriate therapies', 'overall morbidity', 'broad range', 'anti-infective immune-modulators', 'vaccine adjuvants', 'promising data', 'news release', 'intended filing', 'regulatory approval', 'Various assumptions', 'risk factors', 'antibiotic failure', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'critical issues', 'early decisions', 'actual events', 'The Company', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'PRNewswire', 'CSE', 'SEPSF', 'FSX', 'JJ', 'November', 'OTCQB', 'exposure', 'potential', 'added', 'liquidity', 'Founder', 'chairman', 'CEO', 'antibiotics', 'Germany', 'world', '90 percent', 'settlement', 'consolidation', 'deaths', 'planet', 'results', 'diagnosis', 'physicians', 'mortality', 'lung', 'bladder', 'wound', 'dental', 'skin', 'ear-nose', 'throat', 'sinusitis', 'anti-inflammatories', 'meaning', 'anticipates', 'project', 'conditions', 'undertaking', 'expectation', 'conclusions', 'predictions', 'opinions', 'estimates', 'management', 'date', 'variety', 'risks', 'prospectus', 'review', 'profile', 'uncertainties']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13509,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,wikifolio whispers a.m. Deutsche Post  Uniqa  VIG  Verbio  AT&amp;S  SAP und Alibaba Group Holding https://t.co/aLVevfNm6Y,nan,wikifolio whispers a.m. Deutsche Post  Uniqa  VIG  Verbio  AT&amp;S  SAP und Alibaba Group Holding https://t.co/aLVevfNm6Y,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AT&amp;S', 'Alibaba Group Holding', 'Deutsche Post', 'whispers', 'Uniqa', 'VIG', 'Verbio', 'SAP', 'AT&amp;S', 'Alibaba Group Holding', 'Deutsche Post', 'whispers', 'Uniqa', 'VIG', 'Verbio', 'SAP']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,Unknown
13510,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/ApnMDxR6j7,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/ApnMDxR6j7,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ApnMDxR6j7', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ApnMDxR6j7']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,Unknown
13511,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,TNT Express und United Parcel Service vs. PostNL und Deutsche Post – kommentierter KW 46 Peer Group Watch Post https://t.co/wPnuTaq9Pj,nan,TNT Express und United Parcel Service vs. PostNL und Deutsche Post – kommentierter KW 46 Peer Group Watch Post https://t.co/wPnuTaq9Pj,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['KW 46 Peer Group Watch Post', 'United Parcel Service', 'Deutsche Post', 'TNT Express', 'PostNL', 'kommentierter', 'KW 46 Peer Group Watch Post', 'United Parcel Service', 'Deutsche Post', 'TNT Express', 'PostNL', 'kommentierter']",2022-11-19,2022-11-22,Unknown
13512,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ekinops-recognized-esg-commitments-considerable-191800868.html,Ekinops recognized for its ESG commitments: considerable improvement in ESG rating following 2022 Gaïa campaign and Silver Medal by EcoVadis,EKINOPS (Euronext Paris: EKI) (ISIN: FR0011466069)  a leading supplier of telecommunication solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  confirms another...,"PARIS  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris: EKI) (ISIN: FR0011466069)  a leading supplier of telecommunication solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  confirms another solid Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) performance  as shown by its considerably improved ESG rating following 2022 Gaïa campaign and its Silver Medal awarded by EcoVadis.Ekinops Logo (PRNewsfoto/Ekinops)Following the 2022 Gaïa campaign  Ekinops obtained an overall score of 82/100  versus an average sector benchmark score (66 IT sector companies) of 54/100. Ekinops' rating considerably improved once again  up 10 points from 2020 and 30 points from 2019.Gaïa Research  an EthiFinance subsidiary  is the go-to non-financial rating agency for companies listed on European markets. To this end  Gaïa Research assesses over 1 200 European companies using a framework of approximately 140 criteria divided into four pillars: Governance  Social  Environment and External Stakeholders. Ekinops' scores improved on the previous year for all of these criteria  with all above the sector benchmark:Governance: 77/100 (vs. 66/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 57/100)Social: 81/100 (vs. 74/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 52/100)Environment: 92/100 (vs. 70/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 50/100)Ext. Stakeholders: 88/100 (vs. 85/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 61/100)Ekinops' ESG policy was also acknowledged and was rewarded with the EcoVadis Silver medal with a score of 63/100 for 2021/2022  placing the Company above the average benchmark  in the top 15 ranking of assessed IT sector companies.EcoVadis is an independent platform used by companies around the world to assess the sustainability performance of their suppliers. EcoVadis' assessment is based on international ESG standards  such as the principles of the United Nations Global Compact  International Labour Organization (ILO) conventions  Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards and ISO 26000 standard. The assessment focuses on 21 issues  which are grouped into four themes: Environment  Labor & Human Rights  Ethics and Sustainable Procurement.Story continuesEkinops: continuously improving its ESG strategyThese recognitions represent the concrete result of the Group's initiatives to address priority issues  based on three strategic areas of focus:Being an employer of choice : ensuring good working conditions for employees  protecting their well-being and health through specific measures to promote diversity and inclusion  and building loyalty through an attractive mobility and remuneration policy.Being a responsible company with respect to third parties : Ekinops has put in place responsible systems and practices.Limiting the environmental impact of its activities: reducing the carbon footprint of products over their entire life cycle through tangible actions.To strengthen its ESG policy  in March 2022  Ekinops established an ESG committee mandated to advise the Company and make ESG recommendations  and to ensure that it anticipates challenges and opportunities and identifies the non-financial risks of its business with the aim of creating sustainable and responsible value.Didier Brédy  Chairman and CEO of Ekinops  said:""ESG challenges are at the heart of our development strategy and we continue to invest to ensure long-term growth while facing up to the challenges of sustainable value creation. These recognitions received from two of the leading ESG rating agencies on the market  demonstrate genuine recognition of our efforts to deliver a positive impact on society. We are now determined to maintain our focus on continuous improvement by taking responsible action. This is a priority upheld by our employees across the globe.""All press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-recognized-for-its-esg-commitments-considerable-improvement-in-esg-rating-following-2022-gaia-campaign-and-silver-medal-by-ecovadis-301684258.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",positive,0.67,0.32,0.0,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['2022 Gaïa campaign', 'ESG commitments', 'considerable improvement', 'ESG rating', 'Silver Medal', 'Ekinops', 'EcoVadis', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'average sector benchmark score', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'Gaïa Research', 'International Labour Organization', 'three strategic areas', 'good working conditions', 'entire life cycle', 'Didier Brédy', 'financial rating agency', '66 IT sector companies', '2022 Gaïa campaign', 'international ESG standards', 'sustainable value creation', 'average benchmark', 'EcoVadis Silver medal', 'overall score', 'leading supplier', 'GRI) standards', 'responsible value', 'ESG) performance', 'ESG policy', 'ESG strategy', 'ESG committee', 'ESG recommendations', ""Ekinops' rating"", 'telecommunication solutions', 'telecom operators', 'EthiFinance subsidiary', 'European markets', '1,200 European companies', 'four pillars', 'External Stakeholders', 'previous year', 'Ext. Stakeholders', 'top 15 ranking', 'independent platform', 'sustainability performance', 'ILO) conventions', 'ISO 26000 standard', 'four themes', 'Human Rights', 'Sustainable Procurement', 'concrete result', 'specific measures', 'attractive mobility', 'remuneration policy', 'third parties', 'responsible systems', 'environmental impact', 'carbon footprint', 'tangible actions', 'non-financial risks', 'development strategy', 'long-term growth', 'genuine recognition', 'positive impact', 'continuous improvement', 'responsible action', 'press releases', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'original content', 'Euronext Paris', 'ESG challenges', 'responsible company', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'priority issues', 'Ekinops Logo', '21 issues', 'PRNewswire', 'ISIN', 'enterprises', 'Social', 'Governance', 'PRNewsfoto/Ekinops', 'framework', '140 criteria', 'scores', 'world', 'suppliers', 'assessment', 'principles', 'Labor', 'Ethics', 'Story', 'recognitions', 'Group', 'initiatives', 'focus', 'employer', 'choice', 'employees', 'well-being', 'health', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'loyalty', 'respect', 'place', 'practices', 'activities', 'products', 'March', 'opportunities', 'business', 'aim', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'heart', 'efforts', 'society', 'globe', 'close', 'trading', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'Ekinops_Logo', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'commitments', '30', '63', '2021', '33', '1 53']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13513,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amg-energy-transformation-liva-batteries-060000689.html,AMG Update on Energy Transformation: LIVA Batteries,"Amsterdam  21 November 2022 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") announces that its subsidiary  AMG LIVA  has put its...","AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.Amsterdam  21 November 2022 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") announces that its subsidiary  AMG LIVA  has put its first battery Hybrid Energy Storage System (“HESS”) into fully automatic operation mode in Hauzenberg  Germany. The HESS battery system is an ecosystem combining Lithium-Ion and Vanadium Redox Flow batteries with artificial intelligence routines and self-learning algorithms to maximize efficiency  safety and lifetime of the batteries  integrating the HESS with the facility’s power system  renewable energy sources  and the electrical grid.The HESS system is being used at AMG Graphite’s Hauzenberg facility to flatten production-driven spikes in electricity demand  known as “Peak Shaving.” This industrial application reduces CO 2 emissions and energy costs. The system is also used for emergency power supply and has black-start capabilities in case of full power failure. AMG LIVA intends to expand the HESS system at Hauzenberg to include a large-scale solar power plant integration to further reduce facility energy costs. Further development will include utilizing the HESS for service with the electrical grid (“Frequency Containment Reserve”).LIVA hybrid energy storage systems are important elements of AMG’s strategy to enable energy efficiency and CO 2 reduction for its customers in industrial operations. Presently  within the AMG Group  there are three additional LIVA batteries under construction. One  at AMG Titanium Alloys’ plant in Nuremberg  Germany  will address peak-shaving  integration of solar power and the production of “green” hydrogen. Another  at AMG Chrome in Rotherham  UK  is intended for solar power integration. And the one at AMG Engineering in Hanau  Germany  will be used as a demonstration facility for various applications.AMG LIVA is a new growth platform for industrial battery installations worldwide  with AMG Engineering providing the engineering and project management services and AMG Titanium Alloys producing the vanadium electrolyte from gasification residues  adding a circular economy dimension.Story continuesAs recently announced  as part of the agreement with ARAMCO to recycle vanadium from gasification residues  the Shell-AMG-UCI Joint Venture will also install a LIVA battery and a vanadium electrolyte facility as important steps in the development of the market of vanadium redox and LIVA batteries in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.About AMGAMG is a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends. AMG produces highly engineered specialty metals and mineral products and provides related vacuum furnace systems and services to the transportation  infrastructure  energy  and specialty metals & chemicals end markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 300 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.12,0.78,True,English,"['AMG Update', 'Energy Transformation', 'LIVA Batteries', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'first battery Hybrid Energy Storage System', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'LIVA hybrid energy storage systems', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'large-scale solar power plant integration', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'related vacuum furnace systems', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'AMG Titanium Alloys’ plant', 'three additional LIVA batteries', 'The HESS battery system', 'other forward looking statements', 'Vanadium Redox Flow batteries', 'energy storage solutions', 'critical materials company', 'solar power integration', 'renewable energy sources', 'industrial battery installations', 'automatic operation mode', 'artificial intelligence routines', 'emergency power supply', 'full power failure', 'Frequency Containment Reserve', 'new growth platform', 'circular economy dimension', 'Shell-AMG-UCI Joint Venture', 'chemicals end markets', 'tantalum value chains', 'The HESS system', 'facility energy costs', 'project management services', 'customer service offices', 'mineral processing operations', 'vanadium electrolyte facility', 'AMG Group', 'CO 2 reduction trends', 'LIVA battery', 'power system', 'high-purity materials', 'peak-shaving, integration', 'energy efficiency', 'AMG LIVA', 'other information', 'industrial operations', 'mineral products', 'industrial application', 'AMG Chrome', 'CO 2 emissions', 'mining operations', 'CO 2 footprint', 'future operations', 'demonstration facility', 'self-learning algorithms', 'electrical grid', 'production-driven spikes', 'electricity demand', 'Peak Shaving', 'black-start capabilities', 'important elements', 'green” hydrogen', 'various applications', 'gasification residues', 'important steps', 'Saudi Arabia', 'specialty metals', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'financial position', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'AMG Engineering', 'AMG Graphite', 'historical information', 'Hauzenberg facility', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'global leaders', 'United Kingdom', 'business strategy', 'inherent risks', 'Further development', 'production facilities', 'subsidiary', 'Germany', 'ecosystem', 'Lithium-Ion', 'safety', 'lifetime', 'case', 'customers', 'construction', 'Nuremberg', 'Rotherham', 'UK', 'Hanau', 'Story', 'part', 'agreement', 'ARAMCO', 'forefront', 'transportation', 'infrastructure', 'recycling', 'suppliers', 'antimony', '3,300 employees', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'anticipates', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13514,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000345.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29...,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 14 November 2022 32 904 72.0478 2 370 660.81 15 November 2022 33 617 71.9702 2 419 422.21 16 November 2022 33 852 71.3359 2 414 862.89 17 November 2022 34 655 71.6103 2 481 654.95 18 November 2022 5 180 72.7030 376 601.54 TOTAL 140 208 10 063 202.40After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €113.7 million for a total amount of 1 728 467 ordinary shares purchased.As of 18 November 2022  the Company held in total 12 525 648 ordinary shares in treasury (5.20% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '14 November', 'purchases', '18 November', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13515,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221121005528/en/Verimatrix-Streamkeeper-Wins-2022-VideoTech-Revenue-Security-Award,Verimatrix Streamkeeper Wins 2022 VideoTech Revenue Security Award,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Verimatrix Streamkeeper won its third i…,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Verimatrix Streamkeeper won its third industry award this year  taking home The Revenue Security Award in the 2022 VideoTech Innovation Awards. The award program stands as one of the ultimate celebrations for the forward-thinking companies and individuals bringing video and technology to the masses.Streamkeeper won the category’s top prize  landing ahead of four other shortlisted contenders for the inaugural win of the award program’s new revenue protection-focused category. Streamkeeper provides trusted digital rights management for securing premium movies  television programs and live streaming events such as sports  concerts and red-carpet premieres. It also includes Verimatrix CounterspyTM technology that autonomously injects an anti-piracy security agent using the company’s proprietary zero code technology – enabling Streamkeeper users to benefit from deep  defensive countermeasures while continually monitoring their clients.“Not only is Verimatrix Streamkeeper proving to attract attention among industry analysts  publications  and others  but it’s also receiving consistent praise from industry partners that can work with Verimatrix to provide the latest  cost-effective yet secure Multi-DRM and anti-piracy solution for valuable content ” said Sebastian Braun  head of video streaming business and product management at Verimatrix. “On behalf of the entire Verimatrix Streamkeeper team at Verimatrix  we’re pleased to accept this 2022 VideoTech Innovation Award that marks a significant milestone during its first year launched.”Streamkeeper was also recently recognized in the 2022 CSI Awards with a first-place win among six shortlisted solutions in the Best Content Protection Technology category. It also recently took home a bronze 2022 Best in Biz International Award in the Enterprise Product of the Year – Security Software category.For more information on Streamkeeper  visit www.verimatrix.com/products/streamkeeper.A full list of winners in the 2022 VideoTech Innovation Awards is available at:https://tmt.knect365.com/videotech-innovation-awards/2022-shortlis-and-winners/About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['2022 VideoTech Revenue Security Award', 'Verimatrix Streamkeeper', 'Best Content Protection Technology category', 'four other shortlisted contenders', 'proprietary zero code technology', 'new revenue protection-focused category', 'The Revenue Security Award', 'trusted digital rights management', 'entire Verimatrix Streamkeeper team', 'six shortlisted solutions', 'valuable revenue streams', 'live streaming events', 'deep, defensive countermeasures', 'latest, cost-effective yet', '2022 VideoTech Innovation Award', 'Biz International Award', 'Security Software category', 'third industry award', 'anti-piracy security agent', 'live streaming sports', 'critical mobile applications', 'Verimatrix CounterspyTM technology', 'video streaming business', 'modern connected world', 'digital content', 'new business', 'valuable content', 'product management', 'trusted connections', 'award program', 'compelling content', '2022 CSI Awards', 'people-centered security', 'anti-piracy solution', 'frictionless security', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'industry analysts', 'SAN DIEGO', 'Regulatory News', 'ultimate celebrations', 'thinking companies', 'top prize', 'inaugural win', 'premium movies', 'television programs', 'red-carpet premieres', 'consistent praise', 'secure Multi-DRM', 'Sebastian Braun', 'significant milestone', 'first-place win', 'Enterprise Product', 'full list', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'sensitive financial', 'healthcare data', 'industry partners', 'Euronext Paris', 'first year', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'VMX', 'leader', 'forward', 'individuals', 'masses', 'concerts', 'company', 'users', 'clients', 'attention', 'publications', 'others', 'head', 'behalf', 'bronze 2022', 'information', 'products', 'winners', 'knect365', 'devices', 'everything', 'mission', 'customers', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13516,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221120005013/en/ONWARD-Awarded-European-Innovation-Council-Grant-to-Further-Develop-Brain-Computer-Interface-Technology-Company-also-Wins-First-Place-in-2022-Brain-Computer-Interface-Awards,ONWARD Awarded European Innovation Council Grant to Further Develop Brain-Computer Interface Technology; Company also Wins First Place in 2022 Brain-Computer Interface Awards,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland & BOSTON  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord in…,"EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland & BOSTON  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announced that the Company has been awarded a second grant from the European Innovation Council (EIC) to support the enhancement of an innovative Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) technology for restoring mobility and upper limb function in people with spinal cord injury.Under the EIC Pathfinder funding program  a grant of EUR 3.7 million has been awarded to ONWARD and its research partners  including EPFL and CEA-Clinatec.The project is entitled  “Auto-Adaptive Neuromorphic Brain Machine Interface (NEMO BMI): Toward Fully Embedded Neuroprosthetics.” Under the terms of the grant  ONWARD will receive EUR 1.0 million.The NEMO-BMI project will support usability improvements that enable the use of a BCI to support upper and lower limb movement. Auto-adaptive algorithms will be developed for brain decoding and brain-guided spinal cord stimulation patterns and will then be embedded in miniaturized hardware. The goal of the program is to further enhance the BCI technology to make it reliable  small  and easy to implant  as well as to improve the BCI’s usability and manufacturability.The NEMO-BMI project has started and will complement the ongoing work of the Reverse Paralysis project  for which ONWARD and its research partners received an EIC grant of EUR 3.6 million in June 2022. These proceeds are being used to fund integration between ONWARD’s implanted ARC-IM system  which delivers targeted  programmed stimulation of the spinal cord  and Clinatec’s WIMAGINE  a fully implantable device approved for chronic use in clinical trials in two European countries  which records and decodes the brain's cortical signal to predict a person's desired movement intentions. While NEMO-BMI is a separate project from Reverse Paralysis  its goal is to build on the Reverse Paralysis framework and incorporate any improvements into the joint ONWARD-Clinatec BCI technology platform. The technology improvements developed in the NEMO-BMI project will be evaluated independently and then used in clinical trials as part of the Reverse Paralysis project.ONWARD and Research Partners Win First Place in the 2022 Brain-Computer Interface AwardSeparately  ONWARD announced that it was the First Place Winner of the 2022 Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) Award. The award was granted to ONWARD and several research partners for their submission  “Walking naturally after spinal cord injury using a brain-spine interface.” This application focused on the work being done under the Reverse Paralysis project to develop a fully implantable brain-computer interface to help people walk more naturally after spinal cord injury with the benefit of ONWARD’s ARC Therapy.The International BCI Award is one of the top accolades in BCI research and was created to recognize outstanding and innovative research in the field of Brain-Computer Interfaces. The award is given by the BCI Award Foundation. This year  more than 100 projects were submitted  and the jury selected 12 finalists  including teams from Stanford University and the University of California San Francisco.“The additional funding from EIC as well as the First Place in the 2022 Brain-Computer Interface Awards provide strong validation of the important work ONWARD and our partners are doing to advance the use of BCI to improve mobility ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. ""We are collaborating with the best in the field to develop and eventually commercialize a BCI platform that we hope will optimize the effectiveness of our therapies to restore movement for people living with paralysis.”About Spinal Cord InjurySpinal cord injury (SCI) represents a major unmet medical need for which there is no cure. Approximately 7 million people globally have a spinal cord injury  with over 650 000 in the U.S. and Europe alone. The quality of life of people with SCI can be poor  with paralysis and loss of sensation  issues with blood pressure control and trunk stability  increased potential for infection  incontinence  and loss of sexual function. Assistance is required for daily living activities. And SCI is costly  with the average lifetime cost for paraplegia (paralysis of the legs) of $2.5 million and $5 million for tetraplegia (paralysis of all four limbs). Treatments are urgently needed to restore movement and improve quality of life.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received five Breakthrough Device Designations from the U.S. FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a wearable stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in September 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of ARC-EX Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the U.S. and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead that is placed near the spinal cord. The company completed its first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland  and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with.NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.16,0.49,True,English,"['European Innovation Council Grant', 'Brain-Computer Interface Technology', '2022 Brain-Computer Interface Awards', 'First Place', 'ONWARD', 'Company', 'brain-guided spinal cord stimulation patterns', 'Auto-Adaptive Neuromorphic Brain Machine Interface', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'joint ONWARD-Clinatec BCI technology platform', 'major unmet medical need', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'targeted, programmed stimulation', 'EIC Pathfinder funding program', '2022 Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) Award', 'The International BCI Award', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', '2022 Brain-Computer Interface Awards', 'European Innovation Council', 'Fully Embedded Neuroprosthetics', 'two European countries', 'California San Francisco', 'blood pressure control', 'daily living activities', 'average lifetime cost', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'innovative Brain-Computer Interface', 'implantable brain-computer interface', 'medical technology company', 'BCI Award Foundation', 'Reverse Paralysis framework', 'First Place Winner', 'lower limb movement', 'desired movement intentions', 'upper limb function', 'several research partners', 'Reverse Paralysis project', 'BCI platform', 'Auto-adaptive algorithms', 'brain-spine interface', 'Brain-Computer Interfaces', 'additional funding', 'brain decoding', 'BCI research', 'sexual function', 'innovative research', 'technology improvements', 'innovative therapies', 'separate project', 'preclinical research', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'NEMO BMI', 'NEMO-BMI project', 'miniaturized hardware', 'implantable device', 'clinical trials', 'cortical signal', 'ARC Therapy', 'top accolades', 'strong validation', 'Dave Marver', 'U.S.', 'trunk stability', 'four limbs', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'other functions', 'second grant', 'ongoing work', 'EIC grant', 'ARC-IM system', 'Stanford University', 'important work', 'chronic use', 'usability improvements', '7 million people', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'Mass', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'health', 'enhancement', 'mobility', 'EPFL', 'CEA-Clinatec', 'terms', 'goal', 'manufacturability', 'June', 'proceeds', 'integration', 'WIMAGINE', 'person', 'submission', 'application', 'benefit', 'outstanding', 'field', '100 projects', '12 finalists', 'teams', 'CEO', 'effectiveness', 'cure', 'quality', 'loss', 'sensation', 'issues', 'potential', 'infection', 'incontinence', 'Assistance', 'paraplegia', 'legs', 'tetraplegia', 'Treatments', 'world']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lleida-net-obtains-european-union-092100501.html,Lleida.net obtains from the European Union and consolidates its position in the EIDAS ecosystem,The European Union authorities have granted Lleida.net (BME: LLN) (EPA: ALLLN) (OTCQX: LLEIF) a new patent for its EIDAS-certified contracting method.,"MADRID  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The European Union authorities have granted Lleida.net (BME: LLN) (EPA: ALLLN) (OTCQX: LLEIF) a new patent for its EIDAS-certified contracting method.This patent  the 217th obtained by the company for its inventions in the registered electronic signature  notification  and contracting industry  could represent the company's additional revenues in the SaaS segment estimated at six million euros.In information sent to the market today  the company described the award as ""the first patented method acting under the EIDAS umbrella  which requires identification by the electronic signature of the signing parties to be indubitable in a court of law.""The patent  granted by the European Patent Office (EPO)  is valid for 20 years and is the fourth that the Spanish-listed company has received for its innovations in the industry.Its reference number is EP3461074.""Europe continues to be one of the world's most developed markets in the industry in which we operate. We anticipate that this new patent  especially in the EIDAS framework  will consolidate our position in the Eurozone and reinforce our leadership in the European market "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO of the company he founded in 1995.This brings to 217 the number of patents granted to Lleida.net worldwide on registered certification  notification  and online contracting methods since the company started trading on the stock market.Lleida.net's growth strategy in the electronic signature  notification  and contracting market in the countries where it is present and those it plans to be in the future is based on a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.More than 60 countries in the five continents have granted patents to the company  including the European Union  United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia  and New Zealand.Story continuesLleida.net is listed on the OTCQX index in New York  Euronext Growth in Paris  and BME Growth in Madrid.In the first nine months of 2022  the company's sales grew by 25 percent compared to last year's period. Between January and September this year  cumulative sales reached €15.7 million.Likewise  its EBITDA increased by 44 percent compared to the same period of the previous year.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lleidanet-obtains-from-the-european-union-and-consolidates-its-position-in-the-eidas-ecosystem-301683644.htmlSOURCE Lleida.net",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.33,0.44,True,English,"['Lleida.net', 'European Union', 'EIDAS ecosystem', 'position', 'The European Union authorities', 'six million euros', 'first patented method', 'first nine months', 'EIDAS-certified contracting method', 'online contracting methods', 'solid growth policy', 'European Patent Office', 'European market', 'internationalization policy', 'growth strategy', 'contracting market', 'Euronext Growth', 'Lleida.net', 'electronic signature', 'additional revenues', 'SaaS segment', 'EIDAS umbrella', 'signing parties', 'EIDAS framework', 'Sisco Sapena', 'intellectual property', 'R&D', 'five continents', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'New Zealand', 'OTCQX index', 'New York', 'last year', 'previous year', 'original content', 'SOURCE Lleida', 'contracting industry', 'new patent', 'stock market', 'BME Growth', 'reference number', 'cumulative sales', 'same period', 'Spanish-listed company', 'MADRID', 'PRNewswire', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'LLEIF', 'inventions', 'notification', 'information', 'award', 'identification', 'court', 'law', 'EPO', '20 years', 'innovations', 'world', 'markets', 'position', 'Eurozone', 'leadership', 'CEO', 'patents', 'certification', 'countries', 'future', 'reinforcement', 'More', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'Story', 'Paris', '25 percent', 'January', 'September', 'EBITDA', '44 percent', 'Cision', 'lleidanet', 'european-union', 'eidas-ecosystem']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13518,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-repurchase-program-kbc-ancora-164000095.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 18 November 2022,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  21 November 2022 (17:40 CET) Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 18 November 2022 As part ...,KBC AncoraRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  21 November 2022 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 18 November 2022As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 32 000 shares in the period from 14 November 2022 to 18 November 2022.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 14 November 2022 7 000 36.86 36.14 37.30 258 029.80 Tue 15 November 2022 3 500 37.47 37.16 37.66 131 137.65 Wed 16 November 2022 8 500 37.22 37.00 37.70 316 355.55 Thu 17 November 2022 6 000 36.72 36.30 37.16 220 302.00 Fri 18 November 2022 7 000 38.17 37.06 38.56 267 190.00 TOTAL(period concerned) 32 000 37.28 36.14 38.56 1 193 015.00 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 786 738 34.92 31.68 38.62 27 476 149.26All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 786 738 of its own shares  or 1.00% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 34.92 euros per share and for a total amount of 27 476 149 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 54.95% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:27 January 2023 Interim financial report (1H)1 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202327 October 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersStory continuesThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '18 November', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Interim financial report', 'Annual press release', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'Total amount', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '21 November', 'Update', '18 November', 'part', '20 May', '32,000 shares', 'period', '14 November', 'question', 'Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', '16 November', 'start', '10 June', '34.92 euros', '27,476,149 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '27 January', '1 September', '27 October', 'Story', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13519,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/essilorluxottica-brunello-cucinelli-essilorluxottica-together-164500399.html,EssilorLuxottica: Brunello Cucinelli and EssilorLuxottica  together for the next ten years,Press Release Brunello Cucinelli and EssilorLuxottica  together for the next ten years The Solomeo Casa di Moda and EssilorLuxottica signed an exclusive...,"EssilorLuxotticaPress ReleaseBrunello Cucinelli and EssilorLuxottica  together for the next ten yearsThe Solomeo Casa di Moda and EssilorLuxottica signed an exclusive license agreement that will strengthen their partnershipMilan  November 21  2022 - Brunello Cucinelli Casa di Moda and EssilorLuxottica signed  at Casa Cucinelli in Milan  an exclusive ten- year license agreement for the design  manufacture and distribution of eyewear under the “Brunello Cucinelli” brand.The new agreement will come into effect on January 1  2023 and run until December 31  2032. The first collection will be introduced to the market in the first quarter of 2024. This agreement represents an extension of the ongoing collaboration between the two companies started in 2021  which included the launch of a capsule collection signed by Brunello Cucinelli and Oliver Peoples  an EssilorLuxottica’s exclusive brand.Inspired by culture and beauty  the success of the partnership is built around a shared passion for superior quality  true artisanal craft  exquisite aesthetics and understated approach to luxury.The long-lasting relationship continues thanks to a common vision  a taste of the beauty and the elegance of the Italian style but also thanks to strong personal affinities based on mutual esteem and loyalty.This new long-term commitment aims to further strengthen the bonds between future generations of the two companies  as Brunello Cucinelli and his whole family wish. They have always seen Leonardo Del Vecchio as a model of humanity and a man of extraordinary class and fine competence.Brunello Cucinelli  Executive Chairman and Creative Director of the Casa di Moda said:«The choice we met with the highly esteemed EssilorLuxottica is much more than an agreement. It is a token of mutual affection and respect between two realities that are inspired by a passion for beauty and for things done well. After all  I have always enjoyed a special relationship with the late Leonardo Del Vecchio and I will never forget his words to me: ""Look Brunello  I don't know if my eyewear is beautiful  what I can vouch for is that it is made in the best possible way"". It is a statement that I feel is very close to the way I myself view work. Then I still fondly remember when  in the last days of his life  he spoke of the ""beautiful factory"" in Agordo: for me he was a true source of inspiration and it is not a coincidence that our constant commitment is directed precisely to increasingly beautify our factory in Solomeo. This is also why I am deeply confident in this precious understanding that our respective  new generations are called upon to nurture for the future».Story continuesFrancesco Milleri  Chairman and CEO of EssilorLuxottica commented:«We are thrilled to continue our journey with Brunello Cucinelli  a luxury lifestyle brand that represents the glamour of contemporary Italian style. Through our new branded eyewear collections  we will continue to deliver beautifully designed and crafted eyewear that embody the best of Brunello Cucinelli style for the consumers around the world».***Brunello Cucinelli Casa di ModaBrunello Cucinelli S.p.A. is an Italian Casa di Moda that produces luxury goods. It was founded in 1978 by the fashion designer and entrepreneur of the same name and is listed on the Italian Electronic Stock Exchange. The Company has always been rooted in the medieval hamlet of Solomeo and it is considered an authentic expression of the concept of ""Humanistic Capitalism” since it can match constant  sound growth with an entrepreneurial philosophy addressing the major issues of Harmony with Creation and Human Sustainability.Specialised in cashmere  the brand is currently believed to be one of the most exclusive brands in the chic prêt-à-porter sector  an expression of everyday lifestyle worldwide. The combination of modernity and craftsmanship  elegance and creativity  and passion and human values make Brunello Cucinelli one of the world's most exclusive and admired ambassadors of Italian style. In fact  the brand authentically expresses the values of tailoring and craftsmanship typical of products Made in Italy and the territory of the Umbria region in particular  combined with a focus on innovation and contemporary style.Through healthy  balanced and sustainable growth  the company's main goal is to earn profits with ethics  morality and dignity  respecting the moral and economic dignity of the over 2 100 directly employed Human Resources and all those who work with them. Corporate website: www.brunellocucinelli.comEssilorLuxotticaEssilorLuxottica is a global leader in the design  manufacture and distribution of ophthalmic lenses  frames and sunglasses. Formed in 2018  its mission is to help people around the world to see more and be more by addressing their evolving vision needs and personal style aspirations. The Company brings together the complementary expertise of two industry pioneers  one in advanced lens technology and the other in the craftsmanship of iconic eyewear  to set new industry standards for vision care and the consumer experience around it. Influential eyewear brands including Ray-Ban and Oakley  lens technology brands including Varilux and Transitions  and world-class retail brands including Sunglass Hut  LensCrafters  Salmoiraghi & Viganò and GrandVision are part of the EssilorLuxottica family. EssilorLuxottica has approximately 180 000 employees. In 2021  the Company generated consolidated pro forma revenue of Euro 21.5 billion. The EssilorLuxottica share trades on the Euronext Paris market and is included in the Euro Stoxx 50 and CAC 40 indices. Codes and symbols: ISIN: FR0000121667; Reuters: ESLX.PA; Bloomberg: EL:FP. For more information  please visit www.essilorluxottica.com.***Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.83,0.13,0.04,True,English,"['next ten years', 'Brunello Cucinelli', 'EssilorLuxottica', 'Brunello Cucinelli S.p.A.', 'exclusive ten- year license agreement', 'Brunello Cucinelli Casa di Moda', 'The Solomeo Casa di Moda', 'Italian Electronic Stock Exchange', 'late Leonardo Del Vecchio', 'Italian Casa di', 'next ten years', 'exclusive license agreement', 'strong personal affinities', 'advanced lens technology', 'new industry standards', 'true artisanal craft', 'evolving vision needs', 'personal style aspirations', 'two industry pioneers', 'new long-term commitment', 'respective, new generations', 'best possible way', 'constant, sound growth', 'Brunello Cucinelli style', 'contemporary Italian style', 'Brunello Cucinelli” brand', 'luxury lifestyle brand', 'Casa Cucinelli', 'new agreement', 'constant commitment', 'contemporary style', 'The Company', 'exclusive brand', 'new branded', 'common vision', 'true source', 'everyday lifestyle', 'sustainable growth', 'two companies', 'two realities', 'Press Release', 'first collection', 'first quarter', 'ongoing collaboration', 'capsule collection', 'Oliver Peoples', 'superior quality', 'exquisite aesthetics', 'understated approach', 'long-lasting relationship', 'mutual esteem', 'future generations', 'extraordinary class', 'fine competence', 'Creative Director', 'mutual affection', 'special relationship', 'last days', 'precious understanding', 'Francesco Milleri', 'luxury goods', 'fashion designer', 'same name', 'medieval hamlet', 'Humanistic Capitalism', 'major issues', 'Human Sustainability', 'porter sector', 'admired ambassadors', 'Umbria region', 'healthy, balanced', 'main goal', 'Human Resources', 'Corporate website', 'global leader', 'ophthalmic lenses', 'complementary expertise', 'Executive Chairman', 'beautiful factory', 'authentic expression', 'human values', 'economic dignity', 'eyewear collections', 'iconic eyewear', 'EssilorLuxottica', 'partnership', 'Milan', 'manufacture', 'distribution', 'effect', 'January', 'December', 'market', 'extension', 'launch', 'culture', 'beauty', 'success', 'passion', 'taste', 'elegance', 'loyalty', 'bonds', 'family', 'model', 'humanity', 'choice', 'token', 'things', 'words', 'statement', 'work', 'Agordo', 'inspiration', 'coincidence', 'Story', 'CEO', 'journey', 'glamour', 'consumers', 'world', 'concept', 'philosophy', 'Harmony', 'Creation', 'cashmere', 'chic', 'combination', 'modernity', 'craftsmanship', 'creativity', 'tailoring', 'products', 'Italy', 'territory', 'focus', 'innovation', 'profits', 'ethics', 'morality', 'brunellocucinelli', 'frames', 'sunglasses', 'mission']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13520,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000721.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5657 £ 24.1889 Estimated MTD return -1.95 % -1.91 % Estimated YTD return -5.60 % -4.41 % Estimated ITD return 175.66 % 141.89 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.32 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.8363 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.0346The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13521,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000157.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5657 £ 24.1889 Estimated MTD return -1.95 % -1.91 % Estimated YTD return -5.60 % -4.41 % Estimated ITD return 175.66 % 141.89 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.32 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.8363 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.0346The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.19,0.69,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13522,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/esker-quadient-develop-electronic-invoicing-170000574.html,Esker and Quadient to Develop Electronic Invoicing Platform  to Partner with French Government,Esker and Quadient to Develop Electronic Invoicing Platform  to Partner with French Government Innovative  easily deployable and scalable solution will meet ...,QUADIENTEsker and Quadient to Develop Electronic Invoicing Platform  to Partner with French GovernmentInnovative  easily deployable and scalable solution will meet requirements of 2024-2026 Finance ActParis  November 21  2022Esker  a global cloud platform and leader in AI-driven process automation solutions for finance and customer service functions  and Quadient  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced that their years-long collaboration will take on a new dimension by partnering with the French government’s upcoming Partner Dematerialization Platform (PDP).Quadient and Esker have been working together for more than seven years through their joint subsidiary NCS  a strategic partnership that allows Quadient to leverage Esker's technology expertise for automating and digitizing customer and supplier invoices. The new direction NCS is taking strengthens this collaboration and ensures that businesses of all sizes experience a smooth and secure transition to compliance with upcoming French tax regulations  according to the defined timetable  whether invoices are received or transmitted by mail  email in PDF format  portal  EDI or another channel.The finance law requires that invoices exchanged between VAT taxpayers must be transmitted in a structured data format (UBL  UNCEFACT CII) or hybrid format (Factur-X):As of July 1  2024 for all VAT taxable entities receiving invoicesAs of July 1  2024 for large companies issu ing invoicesAs of January 1  2025 this applies to medium-sized businesses issu ing invoicesAs of January 1  2026 this applies for all micro  small and medium-sized businesses issuing invoicesThe Partner Dematerialization Platform (PDP)  which will be approved by the French government  will send and receive electronic invoices between entities while simultaneously transmitting the required invoicing data to the Public Billing Portal (PPF)  and electronically reports all necessary transaction data.Story continues“The widespread implementation of electronic invoicing over the next three years is a major challenge for the four million companies in France. As a major player in the electronic document management market for small and medium-sized businesses  we look forward to our continued partnership with Esker  in which we join forces and expertise to offer businesses straightforward and efficient invoicing process automation ” said Nicolas de Beco  Chief Strategy and Product Officer for Intelligent Document Automation at Quadient. “The government’s timetable calls for a long and gradual transition  and we know that for many companies  compliance can be a source of anxiety because it brings about profound changes. By offering flexible and adapted solutions  we want to help them anticipate the implementation of new management methods that are connected and automated  so that they are able to meet regulatory deadlines with confidence.”As members of the National e-Invoice Forum and active participants in workshops organized by the General Administration of Public Finances (DGFiP) and the Agency for Financial Information Technology of the State (AIFE)  Esker and Quadient are currently in the process of preparing for the registration process beginning in September 2023  with governmental accreditation expected in accordance with the officially defined timeframes.In addition to being in compliance with regulatory guidelines  businesses will also be able to take advantage of complementary services  such as centralized management of all workflows  business process automation  complete visibility over and tracking of communications  invoice archiving  processing of associated documents  payment reconciliation and reporting capabilities. These services are facilitated by easy interconnectability with other business solutions and interoperability with other platforms  which enables them to simplify and optimize management processes  accelerate their digital transformation  and improve their cash management.“Esker is proud to support Quadient in this project. As long-standing partners  our two companies have demonstrated their ability to work together to deliver innovative solutions that benefit thousands of businesses in France today ” said Emmanuel Olivier  COO at Esker. “We are committed to helping our customers today and in the future in turning these regulatory developments into opportunity for growth and acceleration of the digital transformation.”About EskerEsker is a global cloud platform built to unlock strategic value for finance and customer service professionals  and strengthen collaboration between companies by automating the cash conversion cycle. Esker’s solutions incorporate technologies like Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive increased productivity  enhanced visibility  reduced fraud risk  and improved collaboration with customers  suppliers and internally. Esker operates in North America  Latin America  Europe and Asia Pacific with global headquarters in Lyon  France  and U.S. headquarters in Madison  Wisconsin. For more information on Esker and its solutions  visit www.esker.com. Follow Esker on LinkedIn and join the conversation on the Esker blog at blog.esker.com.Esker Contact – Idea GroveChristina Davies – Tel: (972) 366-7453cdavies@ideagrove.comAbout Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the SBF 120®  CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.Quadient ContactJoe Scolaro Global Press Relations Manager +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 j.scolaro@quadient.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.18,0.25,True,English,"['Electronic Invoicing Platform', 'French Government', 'Esker', 'Quadient', 'upcoming Partner Dematerialization Platform', 'The Partner Dematerialization Platform', 'upcoming French tax regulations', 'efficient invoicing process automation', 'electronic document management market', 'AI-driven process automation solutions', 'Intelligent Document Automation', 'business process automation', 'global cloud platform', 'Nicolas de Beco', 'National e-Invoice Forum', 'U.S. headquarte', 'Electronic Invoicing Platform', 'necessary transaction data', 'Innovative, easily deployable', 'customer service functions', 'meaningful customer connections', 'next three years', 'Financial Information Technology', 'customer service professionals', 'cash conversion cycle', 'structured data format', 'four million companies', 'new management methods', 'other business solutions', '2024-2026 Finance Act', 'VAT taxable entities', 'Public Billing Portal', 'invoicing data', 'cash management', 'innovative solutions', 'registration process', 'global headquarters', 'centralized management', 'management processes', 'seven years', 'VAT taxpayers', 'Public Finances', 'other platforms', 'adapted solutions', 'new dimension', 'new direction', 'PDF format', 'hybrid format', 'French Government', 'scalable solution', 'physical channels', 'joint subsidiary', 'strategic partnership', 'technology expertise', 'secure transition', 'UNCEFACT CII', 'large companies', 'electronic invoices', 'major challenge', 'major player', 'continued partnership', 'Chief Strategy', 'Product Officer', 'gradual transition', 'many companies', 'profound changes', 'regulatory deadlines', 'active participants', 'General Administration', 'regulatory guidelines', 'invoice archiving', 'associated documents', 'payment reconciliation', 'reporting capabilities', 'easy interconnectability', 'standing partners', 'two companies', 'Emmanuel Olivier', 'regulatory developments', 'strategic value', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'fraud risk', 'North America', 'Latin America', 'Asia Pacific', 'finance law', 'digital transformation', 'micro, small', 'widespread implementation', 'complementary services', 'complete visibility', 'medium-sized businesses', 'years-long collaboration', 'supplier invoices', 'QUADIENT', 'Esker', 'requirements', 'Paris', 'November', 'leader', 'PDP', 'NCS', 'sizes', 'smooth', 'compliance', 'timetable', 'mail', 'July', 'January', 'PPF', 'Story', 'France', 'forces', 'straightforward', 'source', 'anxiety', 'flexible', 'confidence', 'members', 'workshops', 'DGFiP', 'Agency', 'State', 'AIFE', 'September', 'accreditation', 'accordance', 'timeframes', 'addition', 'advantage', 'workflows', 'tracking', 'communications', 'processing', 'interoperability', 'project', 'thousands', 'COO', 'customers', 'future', 'opportunity', 'growth', 'acceleration', 'technologies', 'increased', 'productivity', 'suppliers', 'Europe', 'Lyon']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13523,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-recognized-for-its-esg-commitments-considerable-improvement-in-esg-rating-following-2022-gaia-campaign-and-silver-medal-by-ecovadis-301684258.html,Ekinops recognized for its ESG commitments: considerable improvement in ESG rating following 2022 Gaïa campaign and Silver Medal by EcoVadis,PARIS  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris: EKI) (ISIN: FR0011466069)  a leading supplier of telecommunication solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  confirms another solid Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) performance  as…,"PARIS  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris: EKI) (ISIN: FR0011466069)  a leading supplier of telecommunication solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  confirms another solid Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) performance  as shown by its considerably improved ESG rating following 2022 Gaïa campaign and its Silver Medal awarded by EcoVadis.Following the 2022 Gaïa campaign  Ekinops obtained an overall score of 82/100  versus an average sector benchmark score (66 IT sector companies) of 54/100. Ekinops' rating considerably improved once again  up 10 points from 2020 and 30 points from 2019.Gaïa Research  an EthiFinance subsidiary  is the go-to non-financial rating agency for companies listed on European markets. To this end  Gaïa Research assesses over 1 200 European companies using a framework of approximately 140 criteria divided into four pillars: Governance  Social  Environment and External Stakeholders. Ekinops' scores improved on the previous year for all of these criteria  with all above the sector benchmark:Governance: 77/100 (vs. 66/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 57/100)(vs. 66/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 57/100) Social: 81/100 (vs. 74/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 52/100)(vs. 74/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 52/100) Environment: 92/100 (vs. 70/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 50/100)(vs. 70/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 50/100) Ext. Stakeholders: 88/100 (vs. 85/100 in 2021 and an average sector benchmark score of 61/100)Ekinops' ESG policy was also acknowledged and was rewarded with the EcoVadis Silver medal with a score of 63/100 for 2021/2022  placing the Company above the average benchmark  in the top 15 ranking of assessed IT sector companies.EcoVadis is an independent platform used by companies around the world to assess the sustainability performance of their suppliers. EcoVadis' assessment is based on international ESG standards  such as the principles of the United Nations Global Compact  International Labour Organization (ILO) conventions  Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards and ISO 26000 standard. The assessment focuses on 21 issues  which are grouped into four themes: Environment  Labor & Human Rights  Ethics and Sustainable Procurement.Ekinops: continuously improving its ESG strategyThese recognitions represent the concrete result of the Group's initiatives to address priority issues  based on three strategic areas of focus:Being an employer of choice : ensuring good working conditions for employees  protecting their well-being and health through specific measures to promote diversity and inclusion  and building loyalty through an attractive mobility and remuneration policy.: ensuring good working conditions for employees  protecting their well-being and health through specific measures to promote diversity and inclusion  and building loyalty through an attractive mobility and remuneration policy. Being a responsible company with respect to third parties : Ekinops has put in place responsible systems and practices.: Ekinops has put in place responsible systems and practices. Limiting the environmental impact of its activities: reducing the carbon footprint of products over their entire life cycle through tangible actions.To strengthen its ESG policy  in March 2022  Ekinops established an ESG committee mandated to advise the Company and make ESG recommendations  and to ensure that it anticipates challenges and opportunities and identifies the non-financial risks of its business with the aim of creating sustainable and responsible value.Didier Brédy  Chairman and CEO of Ekinops  said:""ESG challenges are at the heart of our development strategy and we continue to invest to ensure long-term growth while facing up to the challenges of sustainable value creation. These recognitions received from two of the leading ESG rating agencies on the market  demonstrate genuine recognition of our efforts to deliver a positive impact on society. We are now determined to maintain our focus on continuous improvement by taking responsible action. This is a priority upheld by our employees across the globe.""All press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEO[email protected]InvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgSOURCE Ekinops",positive,0.67,0.32,0.0,positive,0.81,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Gaïa campaign', 'ESG commitments', 'considerable improvement', 'ESG rating', 'Silver Medal', 'Ekinops', 'EcoVadis', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'average sector benchmark score', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'Global Reporting Initiative', '2022 Gaïa campaign', 'Gaïa Research', 'International Labour Organization', 'three strategic areas', 'good working conditions', 'entire life cycle', 'Didier Brédy', 'financial rating agency', '66 IT sector companies', 'international ESG standards', 'sustainable value creation', 'average benchmark', 'EcoVadis Silver medal', 'overall score', 'leading supplier', 'GRI) standards', 'responsible value', 'ESG) performance', 'ESG policy', 'ESG strategy', 'ESG committee', 'ESG recommendations', 'telecommunication solutions', 'telecom operators', ""Ekinops' rating"", 'EthiFinance subsidiary', 'European markets', '1,200 European companies', 'four pillars', 'External Stakeholders', 'previous year', 'Ext. Stakeholders', 'top 15 ranking', 'independent platform', 'sustainability performance', 'ILO) conventions', 'ISO 26000 standard', 'four themes', 'Human Rights', 'Sustainable Procurement', 'concrete result', 'specific measures', 'attractive mobility', 'remuneration policy', 'third parties', 'responsible systems', 'environmental impact', 'carbon footprint', 'tangible actions', 'non-financial risks', 'development strategy', 'long-term growth', 'genuine recognition', 'positive impact', 'continuous improvement', 'responsible action', 'press releases', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Euronext Paris', 'ESG challenges', 'responsible company', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'priority issues', '21 issues', 'PRNewswire', 'enterprises', 'Social', 'Governance', 'framework', '140 criteria', 'scores', 'world', 'suppliers', 'assessment', 'principles', 'Labor', 'Ethics', 'recognitions', 'Group', 'initiatives', 'focus', 'employer', 'choice', 'employees', 'well-being', 'health', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'loyalty', 'respect', 'place', 'practices', 'activities', 'products', 'March', 'opportunities', 'business', 'aim', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'heart', 'efforts', 'society', 'globe', 'close', 'trading', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'Logo', '30', '2021', '63', '1 53']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13524,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2559553/0/en/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amste…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 14 November 2022 32 904 72.0478 2 370 660.81 15 November 2022 33 617 71.9702 2 419 422.21 16 November 2022 33 852 71.3359 2 414 862.89 17 November 2022 34 655 71.6103 2 481 654.95 18 November 2022 5 180 72.7030 376 601.54 TOTAL 140 208 10 063 202.40After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €113.7 million for a total amount of 1 728 467 ordinary shares purchased.As of 18 November 2022  the Company held in total 12 525 648 ordinary shares in treasury (5.20% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '14 November', 'purchases', '18 November', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13525,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221121005713/en/Esker-and-Quadient-to-Develop-Electronic-Invoicing-Platform-to-Partner-with-French-Government,Esker and Quadient to Develop Electronic Invoicing Platform  to Partner with French Government,LYON  France  & MIDDLETON  Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Esker and Quadient's years-long collaboration will partner with the French government’s upcoming Partner Dematerialization Platform.,LYON  France  & MIDDLETON  Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Esker  a global cloud platform and leader in AI-driven process automation solutions for finance and customer service functions  and Quadient  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced that their years-long collaboration will take on a new dimension by partnering with the French government’s upcoming Partner Dematerialization Platform (PDP).Quadient and Esker have been working together for more than seven years through their joint subsidiary NCS  a strategic partnership that allows Quadient to leverage Esker's technology expertise for automating and digitizing customer and supplier invoices. The new direction NCS is taking strengthens this collaboration and ensures that businesses of all sizes experience a smooth and secure transition to compliance with upcoming French tax regulations according to the defined timetable  whether invoices are received or transmitted by mail  email in PDF format  portal  EDI or another channel.The finance law requires that invoices exchanged between VAT taxpayers must be transmitted in a structured data format (UBL  UNCEFACT CII) or hybrid format (Factur-X):As of July 1  2024 for all VAT taxable entities receiving invoicesAs of July 1  2024 for large companies issuing invoicesAs of January 1  2025 this applies to medium-sized businesses issuing invoicesAs of January 1  2026 this applies to all micro and small businesses issuing invoicesThe PDP  which will be approved by the government  will send and receive electronic invoices between entities while simultaneously transmitting the required invoicing data to the Public Portal (PPF)  and electronically reports all necessary transaction data.“The widespread implementation of electronic invoicing over the next three years is a major challenge for the four million companies in France. As a major player in the electronic document management market for small and medium-sized businesses  we look forward to our continued partnership with Esker  in which we join forces and expertise to offer businesses straightforward and efficient invoicing process automation ” said Nicolas de Beco  Chief Strategy and Product Officer for Intelligent Document Automation at Quadient. “The government’s timetable calls for a long and gradual transition  and we know that for many companies  compliance can be a source of anxiety because it brings about profound changes. By offering flexible and adapted solutions  we want to help them anticipate the implementation of new management methods that are connected and automated  so that they are able to meet regulatory deadlines with confidence.”As members of the National e-Invoice Forum and active participants in workshops organized by the General Administration of Public Finances (DGFiP) and the Agency for Financial Information Technology of the State (AIFE)  Esker and Quadient are currently in the process of preparing for the registration process beginning in September 2023  with governmental accreditation expected in accordance to the officially defined timeframes.In addition to being in compliance with regulatory guidelines  businesses will also be able to take advantage of complementary services  such as centralized management of all workflows  business process automation  complete visibility over and tracking of communications  invoice archiving  processing of associated documents  payment reconciliation and reporting capabilities. These services are facilitated by easy interconnectability with other business solutions and interoperability with other platforms  which enables them to simplify and optimize management processes  accelerate their digital transformation and improve their cash management.“Esker is proud to support Quadient in this project. As long-standing partners  our two companies have demonstrated their ability to work together to deliver innovative solutions that benefit thousands of businesses in France today ” said Emmanuel Olivier  COO at Esker. “We are committed to helping our customers today and in the future in turning these regulatory developments into opportunity for growth and acceleration of the digital transformation.”About EskerEsker is a global cloud platform built to unlock strategic value for finance and customer service professionals  and strengthen collaboration between companies by automating the cash conversion cycle. Esker’s solutions incorporate technologies like Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive increased productivity  enhanced visibility  reduced fraud risk  and improved collaboration with customers  suppliers and internally. Esker operates in North America  Latin America  Europe and Asia Pacific with global headquarters in Lyon  France  and U.S. headquarters in Madison  Wisconsin. For more information on Esker and its solutions  visit www.esker.com. Follow Esker on LinkedIn and join the conversation on the Esker blog at blog.esker.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the SBF 120®  CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.25,0.26,True,English,"['Electronic Invoicing Platform', 'French Government', 'Esker', 'Quadient', 'upcoming Partner Dematerialization Platform', 'upcoming French tax regulations', 'efficient invoicing process automation', 'electronic document management market', 'AI-driven process automation solutions', 'Intelligent Document Automation', 'global cloud platform', 'Nicolas de Beco', 'National e-Invoice Forum', 'business process automation', 'necessary transaction data', 'next three years', 'cash conversion cycle', 'U.S. headquarters', 'customer service functions', 'customer service professionals', 'structured data format', 'four million companies', 'new management methods', 'meaningful customer connections', 'VAT taxable entities', 'Financial Information Technology', 'other business solutions', 'invoicing data', 'electronic invoicing', 'global headquarters', 'cash management', 'registration process', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'centralized management', 'management processes', 'seven years', 'VAT taxpayers', 'other platforms', 'new dimension', 'new direction', 'PDF format', 'hybrid format', 'French government', 'adapted solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'physical channels', 'joint subsidiary', 'strategic partnership', 'technology expertise', 'secure transition', 'UNCEFACT CII', 'large companies', 'major challenge', 'major player', 'continued partnership', 'Chief Strategy', 'Product Officer', 'gradual transition', 'many companies', 'profound changes', 'regulatory deadlines', 'active participants', 'General Administration', 'Public Finances', 'regulatory guidelines', 'invoice archiving', 'associated documents', 'payment reconciliation', 'reporting capabilities', 'easy interconnectability', 'standing partners', 'two companies', 'Emmanuel Olivier', 'regulatory developments', 'strategic value', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'fraud risk', 'North America', 'Latin America', 'Asia Pacific', 'driving force', 'electronic invoices', 'digital transformation', 'The PDP', 'Public Portal', 'widespread implementation', 'complementary services', 'complete visibility', 'medium-sized businesses', 'finance law', 'years-long collaboration', 'supplier invoices', 'small businesses', 'Esker blog', 'LYON', 'France', 'MIDDLETON', 'Wis.', 'leader', 'Quadient', 'NCS', 'sizes', 'smooth', 'compliance', 'timetable', 'mail', 'July', 'January', 'micro', 'PPF', 'forces', 'straightforward', 'source', 'anxiety', 'flexible', 'confidence', 'members', 'workshops', 'DGFiP', 'Agency', 'State', 'AIFE', 'September', 'accreditation', 'accordance', 'timeframes', 'addition', 'advantage', 'workflows', 'tracking', 'communications', 'processing', 'interoperability', 'project', 'thousands', 'COO', 'customers', 'future', 'opportunity', 'growth', 'acceleration', 'technologies', 'increased', 'productivity', 'suppliers', 'Europe', 'Madison', 'Wisconsin', 'LinkedIn', 'conversation', 'world']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13526,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2559527/0/en/AMG-Update-on-Energy-Transformation-LIVA-Batteries.html,AMG Update on Energy Transformation: LIVA Batteries,"Amsterdam  21 November 2022 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") announces that its subsidiary  AMG LIVA  has put its first battery Hybrid Energy Storage System (“HESS”) into fully automatic operation mode in Hauzenberg…","Amsterdam  21 November 2022 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") announces that its subsidiary  AMG LIVA  has put its first battery Hybrid Energy Storage System (“HESS”) into fully automatic operation mode in Hauzenberg  Germany. The HESS battery system is an ecosystem combining Lithium-Ion and Vanadium Redox Flow batteries with artificial intelligence routines and self-learning algorithms to maximize efficiency  safety and lifetime of the batteries  integrating the HESS with the facility’s power system  renewable energy sources  and the electrical grid.The HESS system is being used at AMG Graphite’s Hauzenberg facility to flatten production-driven spikes in electricity demand  known as “Peak Shaving.” This industrial application reduces CO 2 emissions and energy costs. The system is also used for emergency power supply and has black-start capabilities in case of full power failure. AMG LIVA intends to expand the HESS system at Hauzenberg to include a large-scale solar power plant integration to further reduce facility energy costs. Further development will include utilizing the HESS for service with the electrical grid (“Frequency Containment Reserve”).LIVA hybrid energy storage systems are important elements of AMG’s strategy to enable energy efficiency and CO 2 reduction for its customers in industrial operations. Presently  within the AMG Group  there are three additional LIVA batteries under construction. One  at AMG Titanium Alloys’ plant in Nuremberg  Germany  will address peak-shaving  integration of solar power and the production of “green” hydrogen. Another  at AMG Chrome in Rotherham  UK  is intended for solar power integration. And the one at AMG Engineering in Hanau  Germany  will be used as a demonstration facility for various applications.AMG LIVA is a new growth platform for industrial battery installations worldwide  with AMG Engineering providing the engineering and project management services and AMG Titanium Alloys producing the vanadium electrolyte from gasification residues  adding a circular economy dimension.As recently announced  as part of the agreement with ARAMCO to recycle vanadium from gasification residues  the Shell-AMG-UCI Joint Venture will also install a LIVA battery and a vanadium electrolyte facility as important steps in the development of the market of vanadium redox and LIVA batteries in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.About AMGAMG is a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends. AMG produces highly engineered specialty metals and mineral products and provides related vacuum furnace systems and services to the transportation  infrastructure  energy  and specialty metals & chemicals end markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 300 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['AMG Update', 'Energy Transformation', 'LIVA Batteries', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'first battery Hybrid Energy Storage System', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'LIVA hybrid energy storage systems', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'large-scale solar power plant integration', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'related vacuum furnace systems', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'AMG Titanium Alloys’ plant', 'three additional LIVA batteries', 'The HESS battery system', 'other forward looking statements', 'Vanadium Redox Flow batteries', 'energy storage solutions', 'critical materials company', 'solar power integration', 'renewable energy sources', 'industrial battery installations', 'automatic operation mode', 'artificial intelligence routines', 'emergency power supply', 'full power failure', 'Frequency Containment Reserve', 'new growth platform', 'circular economy dimension', 'Shell-AMG-UCI Joint Venture', 'chemicals end markets', 'tantalum value chains', 'The HESS system', 'facility energy costs', 'project management services', 'customer service offices', 'mineral processing operations', 'vanadium electrolyte facility', 'CO 2 reduction trends', 'LIVA battery', 'AMG Group', 'power system', 'high-purity materials', 'peak-shaving, integration', 'energy efficiency', 'AMG LIVA', 'other information', 'industrial operations', 'mineral products', 'industrial application', 'CO 2 emissions', 'mining operations', 'CO 2 footprint', 'future operations', 'demonstration facility', 'AMG Chrome', 'self-learning algorithms', 'electrical grid', 'production-driven spikes', 'electricity demand', 'Peak Shaving', 'black-start capabilities', 'important elements', 'green” hydrogen', 'various applications', 'gasification residues', 'important steps', 'Saudi Arabia', 'specialty metals', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'financial position', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'AMG Engineering', 'historical information', 'AMG Graphite', 'Hauzenberg facility', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'global leaders', 'United Kingdom', 'business strategy', 'inherent risks', 'Further development', 'production facilities', 'subsidiary', 'Germany', 'ecosystem', 'Lithium-Ion', 'safety', 'lifetime', 'case', 'customers', 'construction', 'Nuremberg', 'Rotherham', 'UK', 'Hanau', 'part', 'agreement', 'ARAMCO', 'forefront', 'transportation', 'infrastructure', 'recycling', 'suppliers', 'antimony', '3,300 employees', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13527,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2560199/0/en/Total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-in-the-share-capital-as-of-October-31-2022.html,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of October 31  2022,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of October 31  2022 (Articles L. 233-8 (II) of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority),Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.4 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 450 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'October', 'renewable energy sector', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy projects', 'international player', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'Voltalia', 'operation', 'construction', '2.4 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,450 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13528,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2559541/0/en/CBI-is-an-advisor-to-Cornucopias-a-massive-blockchain-based-game.html,CBI is an advisor to Cornucopias  a massive blockchain-based game,CBI is an advisor to Cornucopias  a massive blockchain-based game  Cornucopias is an advanced and innovative project based around a massively...,"French EnglishCBI is an advisor to Cornucopias  a massive blockchain-based gameCornucopias is an advanced and innovative project based around a massively multiplayer online game  and brings together many blockchain-specific assets: gaming  learning  creating and sharingCBI is entitled to 0.5% of the COPI tokens issued by Cornucopias and will own 1.0% of Cornucopias Technology PTE. LTD  the company formed to develop the Cornucopias universeCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (CBI  Euronext Growth Paris: FR0014007LW0  ALCBI) announces that it is an advisor to Cornucopias. This agreement is part of Alphaverse's strategy to bring its expertise and assist in the development of virtual world projects.As compensation  CBI is entitled to 0.5% of the Cornucopias tokens (COPI) issued  i.e. 19.2 million Cornucopias tokens. CBI has also been allocated 1% of the share capital of Cornucopias Technology PTE. Ltd  the company developing the Cornucopias project. The Cornucopias Technology PTE. Ltd shares are in the process of being transferred and  pending completion of such transfer  these Cornucopias shares have been valued on the basis of 1 Euro in the financial statements of CBI as at September 30  2022.Cornucopias ‘The Island’ is a massive Play-To-Earn  Build-To-Earn  and Learn-To-Earn blockchain based game where players can be rewarded with and/or own land  properties and other NFT based assets with real world value all by playing games in a fun and safe metaverse. Creators and players will discover a new form of currency economics where they can create and trade their own NFT’s in game or on 3rd party marketplaces  and no longer will their purchased game assets be trapped inside a single game again. Currently in limited Alpha-testing phase on mobile and PC devices ‘The Island’ will be available worldwide in 2024. The metaverse is built on the Unreal 5 games engine which is compatible with the PC  Mobile Phone  Games Consoles and Smart TV’s. The project runs on the Cardano blockchain platform  a globally recognized blockchain transaction solution.The two metaverses  CBI's AlphaVerse and Cornucopias' ""The Island "" share many common characteristics  most notably a strong commitment to the universality of their metaverses  openness to a variety of communities  and broad use of blockchain technologies.For more information  visit: https://cornucopias.io  https://alphaverse.com/ and https://cbicorp.io/.DisclaimerThe realisation of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  remain fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realisation of the underlying assumptions may have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.About CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIESCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (“CBI”) is a French company that develops  operates and invests in video games  business applications and selected projects relating to the blockchain  non-fungible tokens (“NFTs”) and cryptocurrencies. Founded by Frédéric Chesnais  a renowned gaming industry entrepreneur and blockchain pioneer  CBI aims to develop and unlock value from a portfolio of blockchain activities across multiple industries (video games  finance  logistics  etc.) with a view to capitalizing on this technology  either directly or through partnerships. CBI has already made several investments and is currently launching AlphaVerse  a blockchain technology-based virtual world  or metaverse. CBI shares are listed on the E2 compartment (Public offer) of the Euronext Growth Paris stock exchange. Learn more at www.cbicorp.io and www.alphaverse.com.About CORNUCOPIASCornucopias’ “The Island” is a massive Play-and-Earn  Build-and-Earn  and Learn-and-Earn blockchain-based game in which players can be rewarded with and/or own land  properties  and other NFT-based assets with real-world value  all by playing games in a fun and safe metaverse.“The Island” combines gaming with real-world commerce and gives opportunities for traditional and e-commerce companies to sell and promote their real-world brands  goods  and services to a hard-to-reach audience they have potentially never had access to before.“The Island” is built on the Unreal 5 games engine  which is compatible with the PC  mobile phone  gaming consoles  and smart TVs  and will be powered  governed  and forever evolving thanks to a growing number of communities including blockchain  Unreal Game Developers  3D artists and modelers  and general game enthusiasts.ContactCBIFrédéric CHESNAISPDGfredchesnais@cbicorp.iowww.cbicorp.io Listing SponsorAtout CapitalRodolphe OSSOLArodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com Financial communicationCalyptusMaisie Mouret+33 1 53 65 68 68cbi@calyptus.netAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['massive blockchain-based game', 'CBI', 'advisor', 'Cornucopias', 'Euronext Growth Paris stock exchange', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'renowned gaming industry entrepreneur', 'blockchain technology-based virtual world', 'other NFT based assets', 'The Cornucopias Technology PTE', 'other NFT-based assets', '3rd party marketplaces', 'limited Alpha-testing phase', 'many common characteristics', 'Cardano blockchain platform', 'blockchain transaction solution', 'many blockchain-specific assets', 'blockchain based game', 'virtual world projects', 'multiplayer online game', 'Unreal Game Developers', 'general game enthusiasts', 'CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES', 'real world value', 'Unreal 5 games engine', 'io Listing Sponsor', 'massive blockchain-based game', '19.2 million Cornucopias tokens', 'game assets', 'multiple industries', 'blockchain technologies', 'blockchain pioneer', 'blockchain activities', 'single game', 'massive Play', 'The Island', 'non-fungible tokens', 'French English', 'share capital', 'financial statements', 'new form', 'currency economics', 'Games Consoles', 'Smart TV', 'strong commitment', 'broad use', 'operational budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'video games', 'business applications', 'several investments', 'E2 compartment', 'Public offer', 'real-world commerce', 'e-commerce companies', 'real-world brands', 'reach audience', 'gaming consoles', 'growing number', '3D artists', 'PDG fredchesnais', 'Atout Capital', 'Financial communication', 'Maisie Mouret', 'Cornucopias universe', 'Cornucopias shares', 'COPI tokens', 'real-world value', 'innovative project', 'Mobile Phone', 'safe metaverse', 'two metaverses', 'Cornucopias project', 'cornucopias.io', 'Ltd shares', 'PC devices', 'French company', 'CBI shares', 'Rodolphe OSSOLA', 'advisor', 'advanced', 'sharing', 'ALCBI', 'agreement', 'Alphaverse', 'strategy', 'expertise', 'development', 'compensation', 'process', 'completion', 'transfer', 'basis', '1 Euro', 'September', 'Earn', 'players', 'properties', 'Creators', 'universality', 'openness', 'variety', 'communities', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'realisation', 'uncertainties', 'liabilities', 'NFTs', 'cryptocurrencies', 'portfolio', 'finance', 'logistics', 'view', 'partnerships', 'cbicorp', 'opportunities', 'traditional', 'goods', 'services', 'access', 'modelers', 'Contact', 'Calyptus', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13529,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2559566/0/en/Azerion-s-digital-advertising-formats-drive-up-to-20x-more-attention-than-standard-formats-according-to-independent-survey.html,Azerion’s digital advertising formats drive up to 20x more attention than standard formats  according to independent survey,Amsterdam  21 November 2022 – Azerion has announced the results of its brand survey on attention measurement  revealing that their digital...,Amsterdam  21 November 2022 – Azerion has announced the results of its brand survey on attention measurement  revealing that their digital advertising formats drive up to 20x higher attention compared to standard formats. For advertisers  every second counts  therefore there is more demand than ever to understand the creative levers linking attention to brand performance. This announcement follows Azerion’s contribution to IAB Australia’s ‘Ad Attention Measurement Landscape Report 2022.’The survey reveals that Azerion formats generate up to 20x more attention than standard display. Results also showed that Azerion’s desktop and smartphone high-impact formats deliver more attention than any alternative display advertising solution on the web. Researchers looked at the performance of campaigns with similar formats and discovered that in all instances  Azerion’s formats drove significantly more attention than its competitors' formats  highlighting the power that creative has on viewability.Sebastiaan Moesman  CRO at Azerion  comments: “We are excited to take part in this fascinating survey  allowing us to contextualise how the right targeting and decisioning can drive attention  and subsequently client outcomes. We have been assessing the performance of our campaigns for years and are resolute in continuously improving our products  therefore we are pleased to give an update on the key factors we have found to be crucial in driving an effective campaign. Digital advertising can only work if it captures attention  so we at Azerion are keen to integrate and ensure that brand  performance  and value are at the heart of every campaign.”Azerion conducted the survey with longtime partner Lumen Research  a specialist eye-tracking research agency  to help brands and publishers move beyond viewability and enhance their knowledge in respect to media quality. Lumen measures visual attention across media and applies the same standard of visibility and display to everything  enabling users to provide objective  third-party attention metrics for all of their client campaigns by using industry-leading eye tracking data. This consistent approach can estimate various measures of attention across desktop and smartphone  delivering accurate and predictive data about campaign performance.The ability to measure ad attention is highly desirable and a valuable tool to demonstrate that ads are not only seen  but more importantly  that there is a direct relationship between the time spent looking at the ad and brand recall  and in turn  consumer action. One of the most important metrics used to measure attention is ‘attention seconds per 1000 impressions.’ Using this metric as the main expression of attention generated by an ad  researchers are able to measure the true capability of each ad format's ability to direct gaze.With over 200 visual engagement studies  Azerion has been able to understand which elements of the creative drive more attention  helping propel impactful creatives to deliver higher attention and brand performance. For this study  three campaigns were compared. Campaign One and Two had strong digitally specific layered assets that were used to help animate and enhance page content. Campaign Three had basic assets (i.e.  flat press imagery and a TVC file) which limited creative flexibility. Results revealed that Campaign One and Two had a significant impact on visual engagement time compared to Campaign Three. In a more recent study  it was found that sidebars drive more attention than headers  assets on the left hand side drive more attention than non-video creative  video creative drives more attention than non-video creative  and vertical video drives more attention than horizontal.Recent technological developments and innovations have opened doors to new opportunities to target audiences efficiently and effectively through an exciting combination of engaging creatives  ad messaging  ad placement  and quality of environment. Digital advertising sits at the core of the Azerion platform  providing brands and publishers with a wide range of opportunities to capture the attention of diverse audiences worldwide. As this technology develops further  Azerion continues to look for new and creative ways to drive campaign engagement and achieve even higher performance. By pairing a vast range of high-impact ad formats with strategic  data-driven research  Azerion has been able to push the limits of media sales and continuously deliver better value for the brands they work with. In order to help empower more creative best practice  Azerion will be looking to extend these studies across their wider advertising portfolio.- Ends -About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com.About Lumen ResearchLumen is an innovative 'attention technology' company that enables advertisers and publishers to optimise attention for outcomes. We have the largest cross-media and cross-device attention datasets in the world  collected through our proprietary world-leading eye tracking technology  covering digital  social  TV  audio  out-of-home  print  gaming and point-of-sale channels. We work closely with major advertisers  agencies and media owners advising them on creative development and media performance. Our technology can be deployed to support clients with the planning  activation and measurement of their digital campaigns.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.02,0.24,True,English,"['digital advertising formats', 'standard formats', 'independent survey', 'Azerion', 'attention', 'strong digitally specific layered assets', 'Ad Attention Measurement Landscape Report', 'specialist eye-tracking research agency', 'industry-leading eye tracking data', 'alternative display advertising solution', 'objective, third-party attention metrics', 'flat press imagery', 'left hand side', 'strategic, data-driven research', 'wider advertising portfolio', 'Recent technological developments', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'creative best practice', 'high-impact ad formats', '200 visual engagement studies', 'visual engagement time', 'digital advertising formats', 'smartphone high-impact formats', '20x higher attention', 'important metrics', 'predictive data', 'basic assets', 'data company', 'Lumen Research', 'standard display', 'visual attention', 'standard formats', 'similar formats', ""competitors' formats"", 'ad messaging', 'ad placement', 'campaign engagement', 'creative levers', 'IAB Australia', 'Sebastiaan Moesman', 'right targeting', 'client outcomes', 'key factors', 'longtime partner', 'same standard', 'consistent approach', 'various measures', 'valuable tool', 'direct relationship', 'brand recall', 'consumer action', 'main expression', 'true capability', 'impactful creatives', 'page content', 'TVC file', 'creative flexibility', 'significant impact', 'recent study', 'video creative', 'vertical video', 'exciting combination', 'engaging creatives', 'wide range', 'creative ways', 'vast range', 'game creators', 'integrated platform', 'market sales', 'higher performance', 'media sales', 'media platform', 'media buyers', 'content-driven, technology', 'digital publishers', 'technology solutions', 'attention seconds', 'brand performance', 'brand survey', 'fascinating survey', 'client campaigns', 'three campaigns', 'diverse audiences', 'effective campaign', 'Azerion formats', 'media quality', 'Azerion platform', 'new opportunities', 'campaign performance', 'Amsterdam', 'results', 'advertisers', 'demand', 'announcement', 'contribution', 'desktop', 'web', 'Researchers', 'instances', 'power', 'viewability', 'CRO', 'decisioning', 'years', 'products', 'update', 'value', 'heart', 'brands', 'knowledge', 'respect', 'visibility', 'everything', 'users', 'accurate', 'ads', 'turn', '1000 impressions', 'gaze', 'elements', 'sidebars', 'headers', 'horizontal', 'innovations', 'doors', 'environment', 'core', 'limits', 'order', 'Ends', 'consumers', 'purchase', 'sellers']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13530,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vallourec-third-quarter-nine-month-063000955.html,Vallourec: Third Quarter and Nine Month 2022 Results,Meudon (France)  November 21  2022 Third Quarter and Nine Month 2022 Results FY 2022 EBITDA guidance confirmed at €650 to €750 millionFree Cash Flow to be...,VALLOURECMeudon (France)  November 21  2022Third Quarter and Nine Month 2022 ResultsFY 2022 EBITDA guidance confirmed at €650 to €750 millionFree Cash Flow to be positive in H2  driven by an expected strong Q4 performanceSocial plan agreements finalized in Germany  France and UK  substantially de-risking New Vallourec planNew Vallourec plan initiatives to be implemented in other regionsHighlightsSolid Q3 2022 PerformanceEBITDA of €198 million  +55% year-over-year and +24% quarter-over-quarterContinued positive OCTG price dynamics in the U.S. and in the Middle EastIron Ore mine production of 1.5 million tons; civil works for restoration of the Cachoeirinha pile completed1 and request to release pile registeredStrong commercial dynamic in the U.S. and from long-term agreements with customers like Saudi Aramco  ADNOC and Petrobras2022 financial objectives confirmedFY 2022 EBITDA expected between €650 and €750 millionMine production to continue in Q4 2022 and Q1 2023 with c.1.2 million tons per quarter using alternative waste pilesPositive Free Cash Flow in H2  driven by an expected strong Q4 performanceFY 2022 CAPEX expected around €200 millionNew Vallourec plan on track with new initiatives addedSocial plan agreements finalized in Germany  France and the UK  substantially de-risking New Vallourec planOn track to generate €230 million of recurring EBITDA uplift with full impact starting Q2 2024New Vallourec plan initiatives to be implemented in other regions  starting with BrazilPhilippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer  declared:“Our tube business continues to improve quarter after quarter driven by a favorable environment due to a worldwide focus on energy security. Q3 results are positively impacted by the new Company-wide pricing strategies implemented since Q2 and strong volume dynamics related to new or existing contracts. In addition  we have made significant progress towards restoring normal operations at our Pau Branco mine. We have received permission to continue to use alternative waste piles until the beginning of Q2 2023. In parallel  we have finalized civil works related to the restoration of the minimum safety factor of the core Cachoeirinha waste pile and registered the request for its release.Story continuesWithin our businesses  Q4 mine production will be above our previous assumptions  at lower prices. Our tube business continues to perform strongly across the global platform  even though we are seeing higher energy costs in the to be closed German operations. In addition  as part of our focus on inventory management  we have scrapped unallocated materials and inventories with low resale value potential  leading to one-off expenses in 2022.Overall  we confirm our full year 2022 EBITDA objective of €650 million to €750 million  and we are on track to deliver positive Free Cash Flow in the second half  driven by an expected strong Q4 performance.At the same time  we are making steady progress in the implementation of our New Vallourec plan: in recent weeks we have secured firm social agreements in France  Germany  and the UK  substantially de-risking our plan and allowing our teams to focus on execution. In addition  we will expand the scope of the transformation of our business and implement New Vallourec plan initiatives in other geographies  starting with Brazil. Our strategic targets remain unchanged: to become cycle proof and to increase our margins towards best-in class levels. The New Vallourec plan is fully on track to generate €230 million of recurring EBITDA uplift with full impact starting in Q2 2024.”KEY DATA9 Months 2022 9 Months 2021 Change In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Change 1 290 1 130 14.2% Production shipped (k tons) 462 391 18.2% 3 342 2 378 40.5% Revenue 1 281 834 53.6% 403 356 €47m EBITDA 198 128 €70m 12.1% 15.0% (2.9)p.p. (as a % of revenue) 15.4% 15.3% 0.1p.p. (286) 299 na Operating income (loss) 89 72 23.6% (444) (49) €(395)m Net income  Group share 6 (7) €13m (482) (300) €(182)m Free cash-flow (81) (103) €22m 1 493 993 €500m Net debt 1 493 993 €500mCONSOLIDATED REVENUES BY MARKET9 Months 2022 9 Months 2021 Change At constant exchange rates In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Change At constant exchange rates 2 310 1 343 72.0% 54.4% Oil & Gas  Petrochemicals 907 456 98.8% 74.4% 931 937 (0.6)% (8.5)% Industry & Other 346 348 (0.5)% (8.5)% 100 98 2.8% (6.8)% Power Generation 28 30 (5.7)% (15.3)% 3 342 2 378 40.5% 27.1% Total 1 281 834 53.6% 36.6%In the Third Quarter of 2022  Vallourec recorded revenues of €1 281 million  up 54% year-on-year and by 37% at constant exchange rates reflecting:17% currency conversion effect mainly related to weaker EUR/USD and EUR/BRL16% volume increase mainly driven by Oil & Gas in EA-MEA and North America26% price/mix effect(5)% iron ore mineFor the First Nine months  revenues totaled €3 342 million  up 41% year-on-year and by 27% at constant exchange rates on the back of:13% currency conversion effect mainly related to weaker EUR/USD and EUR/BRL12% volume increase mainly driven by Oil & Gas in North America and  to a lesser extent  in EA-MEA22% price/mix effect(8)% iron ore mineOil & Gas  Petrochemicals (71% of Q3 2022 consolidated revenues)In Q3 2022  Oil & Gas revenues amounted to €794 million  a sharp increase of 94% year-on-year and of 71% at constant exchange rates.In North America   Oil & Gas revenues more than doubled thanks to both higher prices and volumesIn EA-MEA   the significant Oil & Gas revenue increase was mainly driven by higher volumesIn South America  the decrease in revenues was explained by lower project line pipe activityFor the First Nine months  Oil & Gas revenues totaled €2 025 million  up 67% year-on-year (+51% at constant exchange rates)  mainly thanks to North America and  to a lesser extent  EA-MEA.In Q3 2022  Petrochemicals revenues stood at €113 million  more than doubling year-on-year (+105% at constant exchange rates) notably explained by increased prices and volumes in North America. For the First Nine months  Petrochemicals revenues increased sharply year-on-year to reach €285 million  (+89% at constant exchange rates).In Q3 2022 revenues for Oil & Gas and Petrochemicals amounted to €907 million  up 99% year-on-year (+74% at constant exchange rates). For the First Nine months revenues for Oil & Gas and Petrochemicals totaled €2 310 million  up 72% compared with 2021 (+54% at constant exchange rates).Industry & Other (27% of Q3 2022 consolidated revenues)In Q3 2022  Industry & Other revenues amounted to €346 million  stable year-on-year (down 8.5% at constant exchange rates):In Europe  Industry revenues were up on the back of price increasesIn South America  Industry & Other revenues declined  reflecting the lower iron ore mine activityFor the First Nine Months  Industry & Other revenues totaled €931 million  stable year-on-year and down 8.5% at constant exchange rates; better prices in engineering and  to a lesser extent  in automotive  did not offset the impact of the mine shutdown.Power Generation (2% of Q3 2022 consolidated revenues)In Q3 2022  Power Generation revenues amounted to €28 million  down by 6% year-on-year and by 15% at constant exchange rates. For the First Nine Months 2022  revenues totaled €100 million  up 3% year-on-year and down by 7% at constant exchange rates.CONSOLIDATED RESULTS ANALYSISQ3 2022 consolidated results analysisIn Q3 2022  EBITDA amounted to €198 million compared with €128 million in Q3 2021; the EBITDA margin stood at 15.4% of revenues versus 15.3% in Q3 2021  reflecting:An industrial margin of €278 million  or 21.7% of revenues  versus €207 million or 24.8% of revenues in Q3 2021. The positive contribution of the Oil & Gas market in North America  both in prices and volumes  was partially offset by the negative impact of the lower mine activity.Sales  general and administrative costs (SG&A) stood at €77 million or 6% of revenue versus 9% in Q3 2021.Operating income was positive at €89 million  compared to €72 million in Q3 2021. In Q3 2022  the Group booked €51 million mainly related to adaptation measures in Germany and the accelerated amortization of ceased activities.Financial income was negative at €(30) million  compared with €(36) million in Q3 2021; net interest expenses in Q3 2022 stood at €(25) million reflecting the new balance sheet structure.Income tax amounted to €(53) million compared to €(41) million in Q3 2021  reflecting both corporate tax as well as changes in deferred taxes.This resulted in positive net income  Group share  of €6 million  compared to negative €(7) million in Q3 2021.First nine months 2022 consolidated results analysisOver the first nine months 2022  EBITDA amounted to €403 million  a €47 million increase year-on-year  to stand at 12.1% of revenues  reflecting:An industrial margin of €661 million or 19.8% of revenues  up €43 million compared with 9M 2021. The positive contribution of the Oil & Gas market in North America  both in prices and volumes  was partially offset by the negative impact of the temporary suspension of the mine operations.Sales  general and administrative costs (SG&A) of €260 million  or 7.8% of revenues  versus €233 million and 9.8% of revenues in 9M 2021.Operating income was negative at €(286) million compared with a positive €299 million in 9M 2021  resulting mainly from provisions related to the adaptation measures (European social plans and associated fees) and  to a lesser extent  from provisions for non-recurring costs in respect of the mine incident.Financial income was negative at €(51) million  compared with €(221) million in 9M 2021; net interest expenses in 9M 2022 of €(70) million reflecting the new balance sheet structure  were partially offset by other financial income.Income tax amounted to €(104) million mainly related to North America and Brazil.As a result  net income  Group share  amounted to €(444) million  compared to €(49) million in 9M 2021.CASH FLOW AND FINANCIAL POSITIONCash flow from operating activitiesIn Q3 2022  cash flow from operating activities improved to €108 million  compared to €18 million in Q3 2021; mainly driven by a higher EBITDA and lower income tax cash-out.Over the first nine months  cash flow from operating activities was positive at €169 million compared to €16 million in 9M 2021. The improvement was mainly related to lower income tax.Operating working capital requirementIn Q3 2022  the operating working capital requirement increased by €(135) million  versus a rise of €(93) million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher forward volume expectations and raw-material price increases. The net working capital requirement stood at 118 days of sales  compared to 111 days in Q3 2021.For the first nine months 2022  the operating working capital requirement increased by €(538) million versus an increase of €(232) million in 9M 2021.CapexCapital expenditure was €(54) million in Q3 2022  compared with €(28) million in Q3 2021  and €(113) million in 9M 2022 compared to €(84) million in 9M 2021.For the full year it is expected to be around €200 million  including €120 million of capital expenditures equally spread over FY 2022 and FY 2023 related to the transfer of the German Oil & Gas activities to Brazil.Free cash flowAs a result  in Q3 2022  free cash flow was negative at €(81) million versus €(103) million in Q3 2021.Free cash flow for 9M 2022 was negative at €(482) million  compared with €(300) million in 9M 2021  after €538 million working capital build over the first nine months.Free Cash Flow will be positive in H2  driven by an expected strong performance in Q4.Asset disposals and other itemsIn Q3 2022  asset disposals and other items amounted to €(24) million compared with €(171) million in Q3 2021.Over the first nine months of 2022  they amounted to €(54) million.Net debt and liquidityAs of September 30  2022  net debt stood at €1 493 million  compared with €1 389 million at June 30  2022. Gross debt amounted to €1 784 million including €76 million of fair value adjustment under IFRS 9 (which will be reversed over the life of the debt). Long-term debt amounted to €1 375 million and short-term debt totaled €409 million.Net debt at year-end 2022 is projected below September levels thanks to an expected strong free cash flow performance in Q4.As of September 30  2022  lease debt stood at €78 million following the application of IFRS 16 standards  compared with €61 million on June 30  2022.As of September 30  2022  the liquidity position was strong at €703 million  with cash amounting to €291 million and an undrawn committed Revolving Credit Facility of €412 million.As of November 21  2022  Vallourec has fully repaid the utilized Revolving Credit Facility. The Group also closed a $210 million asset-backed loan with a 5-year tenor provided by a group of four top ranked international banks.The Group has no repayments scheduled before June 2026.UPDATE ON PAU BRANCO MINEOperations at Vallourec’s Pau Branco iron ore mine were temporarily suspended in January 2022 following flooding which caused damage to its Cachoeirinha waste pile. Operations were partially restarted in May using an alternative waste pile  albeit at lower-than-normal capacity levels. Volumes extracted in first nine months 2022 amounted to c.2.6 million tons.Permissions from authorities have been obtained to continue to use alternative waste piles until the beginning of Q2 2023. In parallel  the Group has finalized civil works related to the restoration of the minimum safety factor of the core Cachoeirinha waste pile and registered the request for full release.For 2022 as a whole  Vallourec estimates production of around 3.8 million tons  which is embedded in our FY 2022 EBITDA outlook.MARKET TRENDSOil & GasIn North America  the highly favorable market conditions should continue through year-end and into 2023. The OCTG market remains very tight in terms of available supply.In EA-MEA  ongoing volume recovery is expected in the coming quarters especially in the dynamic Middle East markets  with a progressive recovery in pricing power.In Europe  higher energy costs are set to impact GDP growth.In South America  prices and volumes are expected to increase.Industry & OtherIn Brazil  the outlook for volumes is neutral  with price increases fully offsetting cost inflation.OUTLOOKWe confirm our EBITDA objective for FY 2022 in a range of €650 to €750 million.Capex is expected to be around €200 million  including approximately €60 million for the preparation of the transfer of Oil & Gas volumes from Germany to Brazil.Free Cash Flow will be positive in H2  driven by an expected strong Q4 performance.NEW VALLOUREC PLAN ON TRACK WITH NEW INITIATIVES ADDEDThe New Vallourec plan  announced in May 2022  remains fully on track. The plan aims to generate €230 million of recurring EBITDA uplift and around €20 million CAPEX reduction with full impact starting in Q2 2024  contributing to making the Group cycle-proof and generating positive free cash flow2 even at the bottom of the cycle.In recent weeks we have secured firm social agreements in France  Germany  and the UK  substantially de-risking our plan and allowing our teams to focus on execution. Moreover  we will implement New Vallourec plan initiatives in other geographies starting with Brazil  as well as production increases in the US and Saudi Arabia.In addition  a value-over-volume strategy incorporates portfolio rationalization to drive profitable growth. Vallourec aims to achieve best-in-class profitability levels and close the margin gap with peers.Information and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms as “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “may”  “assume”  “plan”  “intend”  “will”  “should”  “estimate”  “risk” and or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and include statements regarding the Company’s intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  Vallourec’s results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies and the industries in which they operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. These risks include those developed or identified in the public documents filed by Vallourec with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marches financiers  or “AMF”)  including those listed in the “Risk Factors” section of the Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 19  2022  under filing number n° D.22-0305. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that Vallourec’s or any of its affiliates’ actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition  even if Vallourec’s or any of its affiliates’ results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.Presentation of Q3 2022 resultsConference call / audio webcast on Monday  November 21st at 9:30 am CETTo listen to the audio webcast: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vallourec-en/20221121_1/To participate in the conference call  please dial (password: “Vallourec”):+44 (0) 33 0551 0200 (UK) +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66 (France) +1 212 999 6659 (USA)Audio webcast replay and slides will be available at:https://www.vallourec.com/en/investorsAbout VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 17 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.Financial CalendarMarch 2nd 2023 Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 resultsFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAppendicesDue to rounding  numbers presented throughout this and other documents may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.Documents accompanying this release:Sales volumeForexRevenue by geographic regionRevenue by marketSummary consolidated income statementSummary consolidated balance sheetFree cash flowCash flow statementDefinitions of non-GAAP financial dataSales volumeIn thousands of tons 2022 2021 Change Q1 395 358 10.3% Q2 433 381 13.6% Q3 462 391 18.2% Q4 510 - Total 1 640 -ForexAverage exchange rate 9 months 2022 9 months 2021 EUR / USD 1.06 1.20 EUR / BRL 5.46 6.38 USD / BRL 5.14 5.32Revenue by geographic regionIn € million 9 months 2022 As % of revenue 9 months 2021 As % of revenue Change Q3 2022 As % of revenue Q3 2021 As % of revenue Change Europe 426 12.7% 386 16.2% 10.3% 141 11.0% 139 16.6% 1.7% North America (Nafta) 1 353 40.5% 524 22.0% 158.1% 546 42.6% 215 25.8% 153.4% South America 748 22.4% 810 34.1% (7.7)% 277 21.7% 302 36.2% (8.1)% Asia and Middle East 634 19.0% 512 21.5% 23.7% 224 17.5% 142 17.0% 58.2% Rest of the world 182 5.4% 145 6.1% 25.3% 93 7.2% 37 4.4% 154.1% Total 3 342 100% 2 378 100% 40.5% 1 281 100% 834 100% 53.6%Revenue by market9 months 2022 As % of revenue 9 months 2021 As % of revenue Change In € million Q3 2022 As % of revenue Q3 2021 As % of revenue Variation 2 025 60.6% 1 209 50.9% 67.5% Oil & Gas 794 62.0% 408 48.9% 94.4% 285 8.5% 134 5.6% 112.5% Petrochemicals 113 8.8% 48 5.7% 136.1% 2 310 69.1% 1 343 56.5% 72.0% Oil & Gas  Petrochemicals 907 70.8% 456 54.7% 98.8% 446 13.3% 337 14.2% 32.5% Mechanicals 154 12.0% 130 15.6% 18.4% 71 2.1% 64 2.7% 11.5% Automotive 21 1.6% 24 2.8% (10.8)% 415 12.4% 537 22.6% (22.8)% Construction & Other 171 13.3% 194 23.3% (12.0)% 931 27.9% 937 39.4% (0.6)% Industry & Other 346 27.0% 348 41.7% (0.5)% 100 3.0% 98 4.1% 2.8% Power Generation 28 2.2% 30 3.6% (5.7)% 3 342 100% 2 378 100% 40.5% Total 1 281 100% 834 100% 53.6%Summary consolidated income statement9 months 2022 9 months 2021 Change In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Change 3 342 2 378 40.5% Revenue 1 282 834 53.7% (2 681) (1 760) 52.3% Cost of sales (1 004) (627) 60.1% 661 618 7.0% Industrial Margin 278 207 34.3% 19.8% 26.0% (6.2)p.p. (as a % of revenue) 21.7% 24.8% (3.1)p.p. (260) (233) 11.6% Sales  general and administrative costs (77) (75) 2.7% 2 (29) na Other (3) (4) na 403 356 €47m EBITDA 198 128 €70m 12.1% 15.0% (2.9)p.p. (as a % of revenue) 15.4% 15.3% 0.1p.p. (137) (121) 13.2% Depreciation of industrial assets (47) (43) 9.3% (34) (32) 6.3% Amortization and other depreciation (11) (10) na - - - Impairment of assets - - - (518) 96 na Asset disposals  restructuring costs and non-recurring items (51) (3) na (286) 299 €(585)m Operating income (loss) 89 72 €17m (51) (211) (75.8)% Financial income/(loss) (30) (36) 16.7% (337) 88 €(425)m Pre-tax income (loss) 59 36 €23m (104) (141) na Income tax (53) (41) 29.3% (3) (4) na Share in net income/(loss) of equity affiliates (1) (1) na (443) (57) €(386)m Net income 6 (6) €12m 1 (8) na Attributable to non-controlling interests - 1 na (444) (49) €(395)m Net income  Group share 6 (7) €13m (1.9) (0.6) na Net earnings per share (in €) * 0.03 (0.03) nana = not applicableSummary consolidated balance sheetIn € million Assets 09/30/2022 12/31/2021 Liabilities 09/30/2022 12/31/2021 Equity - Group share * 1 767 1 763 Non-controlling interests 44 45 Net intangible assets 41 45 Total equity 1 811 1 808 Goodwill 42 38 Shareholder loan - - Net property  plant and equipment 1 972 1 666 Bank loans and other borrowings (A) 1 375 1 387 Biological assets 66 38 Lease debt (D) 56 33 Equity affiliates 32 35 Employee benefit commitments 85 14 Other non-current assets 213 162 Deferred taxes 28 29 Deferred taxes 221 239 Provisions and other long-term liabilities 428 140 Total non-current assets 2 587 2 223 Total non-current liabilities 1 972 1 603 Inventories 1 561 856 Provisions 213 40 Trade and other receivables 808 541 Overdraft and other short-term borrowings (B) 409 190 Derivatives - assets 21 4 Lease debt (E) 22 15 Other current assets 260 133 Trade payables 709 457 Cash and cash equivalents (C)291619Derivatives - liabilities 117 19 Other current liabilities 281 242 Total current assets 2 941 2 153 Total current liabilities 1 751 963 Assets held for sale and discontinued operations 14 372 Liabilities held for sale and discontinued operations 8 374 Total assets 5 542 4 748 Total equity and liabilities 5 542 4 748 * Net income (loss)  Group share (444) 40 Net debt (A+B-C) 1 493 958 Lease debt (D+E) 78 48Free cash flow9 months 2022 9 months 2021Change In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Change 403 356 €47m Ebitda 198 128 €70m (38) 3 €(41)m Provisions and other non-cash elements (36) (5) €(31)m 365 359 €6m Cash Ebitda 162 123 €39m (61) (67) €6m Interest payments (8) (6) €(2)m (56) (139) €83m Tax payments (18) (71) €53m (79) (137) €58m Other (including restructuring charges) (28) (28) - 169 16 €153m Operating cash flow before change in WCR 108 18 €90m (538) (232) €(306)m Change in operating WCR [+ decrease  (increase)] (135) (93) €(42)m (369) (216) €(153)m Operating cash flow (27) (75) €48m (113) (84) €(29)m Gross capital expenditure (54) (28) €(26)m (482) (300) €(182)m Free cash flow (81) (103) €22mCash flow statement9 months 2022 9 months 2021 In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 169 16 Cash flow from operating activities 108 18 (538) (232) Change in operating WCR [+ decrease  (increase)] (135) (93) (369) (216) Net cash flow from operating activities (27) (75) (113) (84) Gross capital expenditure (54) (28) (54) 1 520 Asset disposals and other items (24) (171) (536) 1 220 Change in net debt [+ decrease  (increase)] (105) (274) 1 493 993 Financial net debt (end of period) 1 493 993Definitions of non-GAAP financial dataData at constant exchange rates: the data presented « at constant exchange rates » is calculated by eliminating the translation effect into euros for the revenue of the Group’s entities whose functional currency is not the euro. The translation effect is eliminated by applying Year N-1 exchange rates to Year N revenue of the contemplated entities.Free cash flow: Free cash-flow (FCF) is defined as cash flow from operating activities minus gross capital expenditure and plus/minus change in operating working capital requirement.Gross capital expenditure: gross capital expenditure is defined as the sum of cash outflows for acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets and cash outflows for acquisitions of biological assets.Industrial margin: the industrial margin is defined as the difference between revenue and cost of sales (i.e. after allocation of industrial variable costs and industrial fixed costs)  before depreciation.Lease debt : defined as the present value of unavoidable future lease paymentsNet debt : consolidated net debt is defined as Bank loans and other borrowings plus Overdrafts and other short-term borrowings minus Cash and cash equivalents. Net debt excludes lease debt.Net working capital requirement: defined as working capital requirement net of provisions for inventories and trade receivables; net working capital requirement days are computed on an annualized quarterly sales basis.Operating working capital requirement: includes working capital requirement as well as other receivables and payables.Working capital requirement: defined as trade receivables plus inventories minus trade payables (excluding provisions).1 Civil works related to restoration of minimum safety factor completed2 *Free Cash Flow before change in working capitalAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.16,0.22,True,English,"['Third Quarter', 'Nine Month', 'Vallourec', '2022 Results', 'other regions Highlights Solid Q3 2022 Performance', 'low resale value potential', 'positive OCTG price dynamics', 'new Company-wide pricing strategies', 'Positive Free Cash Flow', 'Iron Ore mine production', 'The New Vallourec plan', 'New Vallourec plan initiatives', 'core Cachoeirinha waste pile', 'full year 2022 EBITDA objective', 'strong Q4 performance', 'alternative waste piles', 'Strong commercial dynamic', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong volume dynamics', 'Pau Branco mine', 'minimum safety factor', 'constant exchange rates', 'Social plan agreements', 'firm social agreements', 'recurring EBITDA uplift', '17% currency conversion effect', '13% currency conversion effect', 'Nine Month 2022 Results', 'higher energy costs', 'Q4 mine production', 'c.1.2 million tons', 'FY 2022 EBITDA guidance', 'First Nine months', 'new initiatives', 'Q3 results', 'Cachoeirinha pile', 'Free cash-flow', 'VALLOUREC Meudon', '1.5 million tons', 'long-term agreements', 'other geographies', 'full impact', '26% price/mix effect', 'energy security', '16% volume increase', 'k tons', 'U.S.', 'Middle East', 'civil works', 'Saudi Aramco', '2022 financial objectives', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'favorable environment', 'existing contracts', 'significant progress', 'normal operations', 'previous assumptions', 'lower prices', 'global platform', 'German operations', 'inventory management', 'unallocated materials', 'one-off expenses', 'second half', 'same time', 'steady progress', 'recent weeks', 'strategic targets', 'cycle proof', 'class levels', 'Operating income', 'Net income', 'Group share', 'Net debt', 'Power Generation', 'weaker EUR/USD', 'North America', 'tube business', 'worldwide focus', 'Third Quarter', 'CONSOLIDATED REVENUES', '9 Months', 'France', 'Germany', 'UK', 'restoration', 'registered', 'customers', 'ADNOC', 'Petrobras', 'Q1', 'CAPEX', 'track', 'Brazil', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Q2', 'addition', 'permission', 'beginning', 'parallel', 'request', 'release', 'Story', 'businesses', 'part', 'inventories', 'implementation', 'teams', 'execution', 'scope', 'transformation', 'margins', 'DATA', 'MARKET', 'Oil', 'Gas', 'Petrochemicals', 'Industry', 'EUR/BRL', 'EA-MEA', 'back', '€']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13531,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-expert-examines-the-threats-that-climate-change-pose-to-health-facilities-and-how-they-can-prepare-for-future-climate-events-301683975.html,Wolters Kluwer Expert Examines the Threats that Climate Change Pose to Health Facilities and How They Can Prepare for Future Climate Events,In the wake of recent hurricanes' devastating impacts on some parts of the country  Senior Legal Analyst Sheila Lynch-Afryl assesses what climate change may mean for health facilities across the United States NEW YORK  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- What: Extr…,"In the wake of recent hurricanes' devastating impacts on some parts of the country  Senior Legal Analyst Sheila Lynch-Afryl assesses what climate change may mean for health facilities across the United StatesNEW YORK  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ --What: Extreme weather events caused by climate change will force health facilities to consider how they can better prepareWhy: The United States experienced another destructive hurricane season this fall: Hurricane Ian battered Southwest Florida this past September  and Hurricane Nicole made landfall late in the hurricane season in November with similarly devasting effects in Florida  Georgia  and South Carolina. The HCA Florida Fawcett Hospital in Port Charlotte was among the facilities most impacted  with strong winds tearing off parts of the roof in the intensive care unit and storm surges flooding the emergency room. As unprecedented weather events become the norm  health facilities will find themselves facing new and unexpected challenges  some of which they have yet to experience.In her new Strategic Perspective entitled ""Preparation is key for health facilities as climate change exacerbates hurricanes  other extreme weather "" Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. Senior Legal Analyst Sheila Lynch-Afryl offers an insightful analysis of the current state of the ever worsening climate change  using recent events in Florida as a stark example. Throughout her piece  Lynch-Afryl delves into solutions health facilities may pursue in the future to mitigate these effects.Who: Sheila Lynch-Afryl  J.D.  M.A.""Hospitals and other health care providers are at the front lines during disaster situations. With historic weather events like Hurricane Ian becoming the norm due to the worsening climate crisis  health facilities need to double down their preparedness efforts."" - Sheila Lynch-Afryl  J.D.  M.A.  Senior Legal Analyst at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.To read the full Strategic Perspective  visit: Preparation is key for health facilities as climate change exacerbates hurricanes  other extreme weatherContact: To arrange an interview with Sheila Lynch-Afryl  or other legal experts from Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. on this or any other legal topics  please contact Linda Gharib: [email protected]About Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk  and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,mixed,0.18,0.05,0.78,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Expert', 'Future Climate Events', 'Climate Change', 'Health Facilities', 'Threats', 'Regulatory U.S. Senior Legal Analyst', 'The HCA Florida Fawcett Hospital', 'Senior Legal Analyst Sheila Lynch-Afryl', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', ""recent hurricanes' devastating impacts"", 'other health care providers', 'intensive care unit', 'other legal experts', 'other legal topics', 'other extreme weather', 'full Strategic Perspective', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Extreme weather events', 'unprecedented weather events', 'historic weather events', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'worsening climate crisis', 'The United States', 'new Strategic Perspective', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'worsening climate change', 'recent events', 'regulatory sectors', 'Southwest Florida', 'health facilities', 'NEW YORK', 'destructive hurricane', 'Hurricane Ian', 'Hurricane Nicole', 'hurricane season', 'South Carolina', 'Port Charlotte', 'strong winds', 'storm surges', 'emergency room', 'unexpected challenges', 'insightful analysis', 'current state', 'stark example', 'J.D.', 'M.A.', 'front lines', 'disaster situations', 'preparedness efforts', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'devasting effects', 'professional information', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'wake', 'parts', 'country', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'landfall', 'November', 'Georgia', 'roof', 'Preparation', 'piece', 'future', 'Hospitals', 'visit', 'interview', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email', 'SOURCE']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/accessories-news/eyewear/brunello-cucinelli-essilorluxottica-ink-10-year-license-1235426224/,Brunello Cucinelli  EssilorLuxottica Ink 10-Year Licensing Agreement,This is an extension of the collaboration that began last year with the launch of a capsule collection with Oliver Peoples  a brand under the EssilorLuxottica umbrella.,MILAN — Brunello Cucinelli has signed a 10-year licensing agreement for the design  production and distribution of branded eyewear collections with EssilorLuxottica  effective Jan. 1 and running until Dec. 31  2032.The first collection will be introduced to the market in the first quarter of 2024.The agreement represents an extension of the collaboration that began last year with the launch of a capsule collection with Oliver Peoples  a brand under the EssilorLuxottica umbrella.Brunello Cucinelli has repeatedly voiced his respect for Luxottica founder Leonardo Del Vecchio and on Monday  in a statement commenting on the license that was issued at the end of trading in Milan  where his namesake company is publicly listed  he reiterated his admiration. Cucinelli said choosing EssilorLuxottica is “a token of mutual affection and respect between two realities that are inspired by a passion for beauty and for things done well.”Speaking of the “special relationship” with Del Vecchio  he said: “I will never forget his words to me: ‘Look  Brunello  I don’t know if my eyewear is beautiful; what I can vouch for is that it is made in the best possible way.’ It is a statement that I feel is very close to the way I myself view work. Then I still fondly remember when  in the last days of his life  he spoke of the ‘beautiful factory’ in Agordo: for me he was a true source of inspiration and it is not a coincidence that our constant commitment is directed precisely to increasingly beautify our factory in Solomeo. This is also why I am deeply confident in this precious understanding that our respective  new generations are called upon to nurture for the future.”Last year  Cucinelli described the eyewear collection as a first capsule  and a co-branded  long-term collaboration  with Oliver Peoples  which was founded in 1987 and acquired by the Luxottica Group in 2007 as part of Oakley.“We are thrilled to continue our journey with Brunello Cucinelli  a luxury lifestyle brand that represents the glamour of contemporary Italian style ” said Francesco Milleri  chairman and chief executive officer of EssilorLuxottica. “Through our new branded eyewear collections we will continue to deliver beautifully designed and crafted eyewear that embody the best of Brunello Cucinelli style for the consumers around the world.”In addition to its proprietary brands Ray-Ban and Oakley  retail brands including Sunglass Hut  LensCrafters  and GrandVision  among others  EssilorLuxottica produces eyewear collections under license for Giorgio Armani  Burberry  Chanel  Prada and Ralph Lauren  among others. The company  formed through the merger of Essilor and Luxottica in 2018 and now listed on the Euronext Paris market  generated consolidated pro-forma revenue of 21.5 billion euros in 2021.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['EssilorLuxottica Ink 10-Year Licensing\xa0Agreement', 'Brunello Cucinelli', 'new branded eyewear collections', 'respective, new generations', 'contemporary Italian style', 'chief executive officer', '10-year licensing agreement', 'Leonardo Del Vecchio', 'best possible way', 'luxury lifestyle brand', 'Euronext Paris market', 'Brunello Cucinelli style', 'first collection', 'first quarter', 'capsule collection', 'Oliver Peoples', 'mutual affection', 'two realities', 'special relationship', 'last days', 'true source', 'constant commitment', 'precious understanding', 'first capsule', 'Francesco Milleri', 'proprietary brands', 'retail brands', 'Sunglass Hut', 'Giorgio Armani', 'Ralph Lauren', 'pro-forma revenue', '21.5 billion euros', 'Luxottica founder', 'Luxottica Group', 'namesake company', 'beautiful factory', 'long-term collaboration', 'EssilorLuxottica umbrella', 'MILAN', 'design', 'production', 'distribution', 'Dec.', 'extension', 'launch', 'Monday', 'statement', 'license', 'end', 'trading', 'admiration', 'token', 'passion', 'beauty', 'things', 'words', 'work', 'Agordo', 'inspiration', 'coincidence', 'Solomeo', 'future', 'part', 'Oakley', 'journey', 'glamour', 'chairman', 'consumers', 'world', 'addition', 'Ray-Ban', 'LensCrafters', 'GrandVision', 'others', 'Burberry', 'Chanel', 'Prada', 'merger']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,wwd.com
13533,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2560161/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares-excluding-the-liquidity-agreement-made-between-14-and-15-November-2022.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 14 and 15 November 2022,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 14 and 15 November 2022  Paris  21 November 2022 – 17.45...,English FrenchCOFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 14 and 15 November 2022Paris  21 November 2022 – 17.45Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1The main features of the 2022-2023 Share Buyback Program have been published on the Company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors/Disclosure-requirements  under “Own share transactions”) and are also described in the 2021 Universal Registration Document.Trading sessionof (Date) Transaction Number ofshares Weightedaverage price Gross amount MIC Code Purpose ofbuyback Total 14/11/2022 4 233 11.0491 € 46 771 XPAR LTIP 307 11.0300 € 3 386 TQEX 4 540 11.0478 € 50 157 € Total 15/11/2022 4 296 11.1059 € 47 711 XPAR LTIP 53 11.1200 € 589 TQEX 186 11.1200 € 2 068 CEUX 4 535 11.1066 € 50 369 € Total 14/11/2022 - 15/11/2022 9 075 11.0772 € 100 526 € LTIPTrading sessionof (Date) Transaction Number ofshares Weightedaverage price Gross amount MIC Code Purpose ofbuyback 14/11/2022 Purchase 600 11.0400 € 6 624.00 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 1 11.0400 € 11.04 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 563 10.9700 € 6 176.11 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 34 10.9600 € 372.64 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 449 10.9600 € 4 921.04 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 48 11.0500 € 530.40 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 497 11.0500 € 5 491.85 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 395 11.0500 € 4 364.75 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 174 11.0500 € 1 922.70 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 578 11.1300 € 6 433.14 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 75 11.1100 € 833.25 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 150 11.1100 € 1 666.50 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 225 11.1100 € 2 499.75 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 75 11.1100 € 833.25 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 10 11.1100 € 111.10 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 51 11.1100 € 566.61 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 308 11.0800 € 3 412.64 € XPAR LTIP 14/11/2022 Purchase 307 11.0300 € 3 386.21 € TQEX LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 471 11.0800 € 5 218.68 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 122 11.0800 € 1 351.76 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 149 11.1200 € 1 656.88 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 150 11.1200 € 1 668.00 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 150 11.1200 € 1 668.00 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 50 11.1200 € 556.00 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 68 11.1200 € 756.16 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 181 11.0900 € 2 007.29 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 361 11.0900 € 4 003.49 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 277 11.0900 € 3 071.93 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 540 11.0600 € 5 972.40 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 539 11.0900 € 5 977.51 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 521 11.1300 € 5 798.73 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 111 11.1700 € 1 239.87 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 225 11.1700 € 2 513.25 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 67 11.1700 € 748.39 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 75 11.1700 € 837.75 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 239 11.1500 € 2 664.85 € XPAR LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 186 11.1200 € 2 068.32 € CEUX LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 4 11.1200 € 44.48 € TQEX LTIP 15/11/2022 Purchase 49 11.1200 € 544.88 € TQEX LTIPCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2022/2023(subject to change)FY-2022 results: 16 February 2023 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for S1-2022 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is one of the leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.1 Also in pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 (and updates); Article L.225-209 and seq. of the French Commercial Code; Article L.221-3  Article L.241-1 and seq. of the General Regulation of the French Market Authority (AMF); AMF Recommendation DOC-2017-04 Guide for issuers on their own shares transactions and for stabilization measures.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'liquidity agreement', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', '15 November', '14', 'average price Gross amount', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', '2022-2023 Share Buyback Program', 'Own share transactions', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'MIC Code Purpose', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'integral regulatory information', 'trade credit insurance', 'adjacent specialty services', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'credit decisions', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'English French', 'liquidity agreement', 'main features', 'Transaction Number', 'FY-2022 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'global economy', 'dynamic businesses', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'XPAR LTIP', 'Trading session', 'TQEX LTIP', 'market abuse1', 'The Group', 'unidentified risks', 'CEUX LTIP', 'COFACE SA', 'Thomas JACQUET', '589 TQEX', 'Disclosure', 'shares', '15 November', '21 November', 'Regulation', '16 April', 'Company', 'website', 'Purchase', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '16 February', '16 May', 'APM', 'S1', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', 'world', 'companies', 'solutions', 'ability', 'non', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,538 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'declarations', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', '14', '1 49 02']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13534,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lleidanet-obtains-from-the-european-union-and-consolidates-its-position-in-the-eidas-ecosystem-301683644.html,Lleida.net obtains from the European Union and consolidates its position in the EIDAS ecosystem,MADRID  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The European Union authorities have granted Lleida.net (BME: LLN) (EPA: ALLLN) (OTCQX: LLEIF) a new patent for its EIDAS-certified contracting method. This patent  the 217th obtained by the company for its inventions in t…,"MADRID  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The European Union authorities have granted Lleida.net (BME: LLN) (EPA: ALLLN) (OTCQX: LLEIF) a new patent for its EIDAS-certified contracting method.This patent  the 217th obtained by the company for its inventions in the registered electronic signature  notification  and contracting industry  could represent the company's additional revenues in the SaaS segment estimated at six million euros.In information sent to the market today  the company described the award as ""the first patented method acting under the EIDAS umbrella  which requires identification by the electronic signature of the signing parties to be indubitable in a court of law.""The patent  granted by the European Patent Office (EPO)  is valid for 20 years and is the fourth that the Spanish-listed company has received for its innovations in the industry.Its reference number is EP3461074.""Europe continues to be one of the world's most developed markets in the industry in which we operate. We anticipate that this new patent  especially in the EIDAS framework  will consolidate our position in the Eurozone and reinforce our leadership in the European market "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO of the company he founded in 1995.This brings to 217 the number of patents granted to Lleida.net worldwide on registered certification  notification  and online contracting methods since the company started trading on the stock market.Lleida.net's growth strategy in the electronic signature  notification  and contracting market in the countries where it is present and those it plans to be in the future is based on a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.More than 60 countries in the five continents have granted patents to the company  including the European Union  United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia  and New Zealand.Lleida.net is listed on the OTCQX index in New York  Euronext Growth in Paris  and BME Growth in Madrid.In the first nine months of 2022  the company's sales grew by 25 percent compared to last year's period. Between January and September this year  cumulative sales reached €15.7 million.Likewise  its EBITDA increased by 44 percent compared to the same period of the previous year.SOURCE Lleida.net",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Lleida.net', 'European Union', 'EIDAS ecosystem', 'position', 'The European Union authorities', 'six million euros', 'first patented method', 'first nine months', 'EIDAS-certified contracting method', 'online contracting methods', 'solid growth policy', 'European Patent Office', 'European market', 'internationalization policy', 'growth strategy', 'contracting market', 'Euronext Growth', 'Lleida.net', 'electronic signature', 'additional revenues', 'SaaS segment', 'EIDAS umbrella', 'signing parties', 'EIDAS framework', 'Sisco Sapena', 'intellectual property', 'R&D', 'five continents', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'New Zealand', 'OTCQX index', 'New York', 'last year', 'previous year', 'SOURCE Lleida', 'contracting industry', 'new patent', 'stock market', 'BME Growth', 'reference number', 'cumulative sales', 'same period', 'Spanish-listed company', 'MADRID', 'PRNewswire', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'LLEIF', 'inventions', 'notification', 'information', 'award', 'identification', 'court', 'law', 'EPO', '20 years', 'innovations', 'world', 'markets', 'position', 'Eurozone', 'leadership', 'CEO', 'patents', 'certification', 'countries', 'future', 'reinforcement', 'More', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'Paris', '25 percent', 'January', 'September', 'EBITDA', '44 percent']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13535,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veolia-environnement-announces-the-results-of-the-previously-announced-tender-offer-of-any-and-all-of-its-6-750-notes-due-2038--301683726.html,VEOLIA ENVIRONNEMENT ANNOUNCES THE RESULTS OF THE PREVIOUSLY ANNOUNCED TENDER OFFER OF ANY AND ALL OF ITS 6.750% NOTES DUE 2038,"PARIS  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia Environnement S.A. (the ""Company"") today announced the results of its previously announced offer to purchase for cash (the ""Tender Offer"") any and all of its 6.750% Notes due 2038 (the ""2038 Notes""). The Tender Offe…","PARIS  Nov. 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia Environnement S.A. (the ""Company"") today announced the results of its previously announced offer to purchase for cash (the ""Tender Offer"") any and all of its 6.750% Notes due 2038 (the ""2038 Notes""). The Tender Offer was made upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated November 10  2022 (the ""Offer to Purchase"") and the related notice of guaranteed delivery dated November 10  2022 (the ""Notice of Guaranteed Delivery"").The Tender Offer expired at 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 18  2022 (the ""Expiration Date"") and withdrawal rights expired at 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 18  2022 (the ""Withdrawal Date"") and were not extended.The Company was advised by Global Bondholder Services Corporation (the ""Depositary and Information Agent"") that  as of the Expiration Date  $111 397 000 aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2038 Notes had been validly tendered and not withdrawn  as specified in the table below.Title ofSecurityCUSIP / ISINMaturityDatePrincipal AmountOutstandingPrincipal AmountTendered(1)PrincipalAmountOutstandingAfterSettlementDatePurchase Pricefor all Tendered2038 Notes(2) 6.750%Notes due203892334N AC7 /US92334NAC74June 1 2038$300 000 000$111 397 000$188 603 000$124 724 537.08(1) These amounts include the principal amount of 2038 Notes for registered holders which have complied with the Guaranteed Delivery Procedures. Such amounts remain subject to the Guaranteed Delivery Procedures. 2038 Notes tendered pursuant to the Guaranteed Delivery Procedures are required to be tendered at or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022  unless extended by the Company in its sole discretion.(2) These amounts do not include Accrued Interest.Settlement of the Tender Offer and payment of the Purchase Price and Accrued Interest in respect of the 2038 Notes accepted for purchase is expected to take place on November 23  2022 (the ""Settlement Date"").2038 Notes purchased by the Company pursuant to the Tender Offer will be cancelled and will not be re-issued or resold. 2038 Notes which have not been validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer will remain outstanding after the Settlement Date.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Offer to Purchase and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings assigned to them in the Offer to Purchase.The Company has retained Citigroup Global Markets Limited and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. to serve as the dealer managers for the Tender Offer (the ""Dealer Managers""). Global Bondholder Services Corporation has been retained to serve as the Depositary and Information Agent.For additional information regarding the terms of the Tender Offer  please contact Citigroup Global Markets Limited at +1 (800) 558-3745 (toll free in the United States)  or +44 20 7986 8969  or by email at [email protected] or MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at +1 (212) 405-7481  +1 (877) 744-4532 (toll free in the United States) or +33 1 70 91 42 79.Copies of the Offer to Purchase may also be obtained at no charge from the Depositary and Information Agent. Requests for documents and questions regarding the tender of 2038 Notes may be directed to the Depositary and Information Agent at +1 (855) 654-2015 (toll free in the United States).None of the Company  the Dealer Managers or the Depositary and Information Agent makes any recommendation as to whether any holder of the 2038 Notes should tender or refrain from tendering all or any portion of the principal amount of the 2038 Notes.This press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation to tender any of these 2038 Notes nor is it a solicitation for acceptance of the Tender Offer. The Company is making the Tender Offer only by  and pursuant to the terms of  the Offer to Purchase. The Tender Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders of 2038 Notes be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of 2038 Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws of such jurisdiction. This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase.United Kingdom. This communication and any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended. Accordingly  such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Promotion Order) or persons who are within Article 43(2) of the Financial Promotion Order or to a person who otherwise falls within an exemption set forth in the Financial Promotion Order or to any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order or in circumstances under which section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended  does not apply to the Company.France. The Tender Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  to the public in France and neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other document or material relating to the Tender Offer may be distributed to the public in France  except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)  as defined in  and in accordance with  Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L. 411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and only such qualified investors are eligible to participate in the Tender Offer. Neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other offering material has been or will be submitted for clearance to  or approved by  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Italy. None of the Tender Offer  the Offer to Purchase or any other document or materials relating to the Tender Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (""CONSOB"") pursuant to Italian laws and regulations. The Tender Offer is being carried out in Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24  1998  as amended (the ""Financial Services Act"") and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14  1999  as amended. Holders or beneficial owners of the 2038 Notes that are located in Italy can tender 2038 Notes for purchase in the Tender Offer through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of February 15  2018  as amended from time to time  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB  the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the 2038 Notes and/or the Tender Offer.Belgium. The Tender Offer does not constitute a public offering within the meaning of Articles 3  §1  1 o and 6  §1  of the Belgian Law of April 1  2007 on public takeover bids (loi relative aux offres publiques d'acquisition/wet op de openbare overnamebiedingen) as amended (the ""Belgian Law on Public Takeover Bids""). Neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer have been submitted to or will be submitted for approval or recognition to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor financiële diensten en markten / Autorité des services et marchés financiers) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to Article 4  1 o of the Belgian Law of July 11  2018 on public offering of securities and admission of securities to trading on regulated markets under Article 19 of the Belgian Law on Public Takeover Bids. Accordingly  the Tender Offer may not be advertised and the Tender Offer will not be extended  and neither the Offer to Purchase nor any other documents or materials relating to the Tender Offer (including any memorandum  information circular  brochure or any similar documents) has been or shall be distributed or made available  directly or indirectly  to any person located or resident in Belgium other than ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation  acting on their own account. Insofar as Belgium is concerned  the Offer to Purchase has been issued only for the personal use of the above qualified investors and exclusively for the purpose of the Tender Offer. Accordingly  the information contained in the Offer to Purchase may not be used for any other purpose or disclosed to any other person in Belgium.Important DisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. In some cases  these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""assume "" ""believe "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""will "" ""plan "" ""continue "" ""ongoing "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""risk "" ""target "" ""seek "" ""should"" or ""would"" and similar expressions or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology or by discussions of strategies  plans  objectives  targets  goals  future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They include statements regarding our intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  our results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies  our reserves and the industry in which we operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Given these risks and uncertainties  you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.Veolia group aims to be the benchmark company for ecological transformation. In 2022  with nearly 220 000 employees worldwide  the Veolia group designs and provides game-changing solutions that are both useful and practical for water  waste and energy management. Through its three complementary business activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  preserve available resources  and replenish them. In 2021  the Veolia group supplied 79 million people with drinking water and 61 million people with wastewater service  produced nearly 48 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 48 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated revenue of €28.508 billion (USD 33.725 billion) in 2021. www.veolia.comSOURCE Veolia Environnement S.A.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.23,0.4,True,English,"['PREVIOUSLY ANNOUNCED TENDER OFFER', 'VEOLIA ENVIRONNEMENT', 'RESULTS', 'ITS', '6.750% NOTES', 'Veolia Environnement S.A.', 'New York City time', 'Global Bondholder Services Corporation', 'Citigroup Global Markets Limited', 'MUFG Securities Americas Inc.', 'Settlement Date Purchase Price', 'Guaranteed Delivery Procedures', 'Financial Promotion Order', '000 aggregate principal amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'Expiration Date', 'Withdrawal Date', 'Maturity Date', 'withdrawal rights', 'Information Agent', 'sole discretion', 'Accrued Interest', 'press release', 'dealer managers', 'additional information', 'United States', 'other laws', 'United Kingdom', 'authorized person', 'general public', 'investment professionals', 'The Company', 'registered holders', 'related notice', 'Such amounts', 'Capitalized terms', 'other documents', 'outstanding 2038 Notes', '6.750% Notes', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'results', 'cash', 'conditions', 'November', 'Depositary', 'table', 'Title', 'Security', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', 'Tendered', 'June', 'payment', 'respect', 'place', 'entirety', 'definition', 'meanings', 'email', 'Copies', 'charge', 'Requests', 'questions', 'None', 'recommendation', 'portion', 'solicitation', 'acceptance', 'tenders', 'behalf', 'jurisdiction', 'making', 'compliance', 'announcement', 'conjunction', 'communication', 'materials', 'purposes', 'section', 'persons', 'Article', '5:00']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13554,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/publication-offering-circular-relation-merger-063000193.html,PUBLICATION OF THE OFFERING CIRCULAR IN RELATION TO THE MERGER BETWEEN DSM AND FIRMENICH AND THE LISTING OF DSM-FIRMENICH ON EURONEXT AMSTERDAM,DSM and Firmenich jointly announce the launch of the Exchange Offer as part of their merger of equals to create DSM-Firmenich. The two companies will hold a ...,"THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR GENERAL RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD VIOLATE APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONSThis is a joint press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM)  Firmenich International SA (Firmenich) and Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (the Company) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by the Company for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (each such share  a DSM Ordinary Share) (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to the provisions of Article 4 paragraph 1  Article 10 paragraph 1 sub c and paragraph 3 and Article 18 paragraph 3 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree)  and the admission to listing and trading of up to 174 786 029 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company with a nominal value of €0.01 each (each a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share) on Euronext Amsterdam (Euronext Amsterdam)  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (the Admission). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM Ordinary Shares (a DSM Shareholder)  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the Offering Circular (as defined below).ADVERTISEMENT. This announcement is an advertisement relating to the intention of the Company to proceed with the Exchange Offer and the Admission. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus. This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute  or form part of  an offer by  or invitation by or on behalf of  the Company or any representative of the Company to purchase any securities  or an offer to sell or issue  or the solicitation to buy  securities by any person in any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the applicable laws or regulations of such jurisdiction. Further details about the Offering and the Admission are included in the offering circular  which constitutes an offer memorandum (biedingsbericht) for the purpose of the Exchange Offer and a prospectus for the purposes of the Admission and the Exchange Offer and is approved as such under the respective regulations by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the AFM) on 22 November 2022 and available as of today (the Offering Circular). The Offering Circular has been published and made available at no cost through the corporate website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com)  subject to securities law restrictions in the United States. An offer to acquire DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Exchange Offer is made  and any potential investor should make their investment decision  solely on the basis of information that is contained in the Offering Circular. Potential investors should read the Offering Circular before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares. The approval of the Offering Circular by the AFM should not be understood as an endorsement of the quality of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares and the Company.Story continuesKAISERAUGST  Switzerland and HEERLEN  Netherlands and GENEVA  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- DSM and Firmenich jointly announce the launch of the Exchange Offer as part of their merger of equals to create DSM-Firmenich. The two companies will hold a joint webcast today for analysts and investors to provide an update on the progress made so far as well as a trading update for Firmenich for the period July to September 2022.A short online presentation will be given by DSM's Co-CEOs Geraldine Matchett and Dimitri de Vreeze  and Firmenich CEO Gilbert Ghostine at 12:00 CET followed by a live stream Q&A session: https://kvgo.com/corporate-services/DSM-Firmenich.Geraldine Matchett and Dimitri de Vreeze  Co-CEOs of DSM  commented: ""We are entering the exciting next phase as we look to bring together DSM and Firmenich's complementary capabilities  likeminded and passionate people  and unite the heritages of two great and historic companies. DSM-Firmenich is set to become the leading creation and innovation partner in nutrition  beauty and well-being  capable of delivering enhanced growth and shareholder value creation through strong growth synergies  as well as an enhanced customer offering and an even greater positive impact across the world.""Gilbert Ghostine  CEO of Firmenich  added: ""This merger is a transformational moment for the history of both businesses. DSM-Firmenich will be a global-scale partner  uniquely positioned to anticipate and better address the evolving needs of consumers by unlocking opportunities for our customers  and our people. Our two companies have an unrelenting commitment to their role in society with ESG at the core of everything we do  and I firmly believe that DSM-Firmenich will have a positive and measurable impact on people  climate and nature.""Key takeawaysThe AFM has approved the Offering Circular  enabling the Company to formally launch the Exchange Offer as part of the merger of equals between DSM and Firmenich to create DSM-Firmenich.The Acceptance Period begins at 09.00 hours CET on 23 November 2022 and expires at 17:40 hours CET on 31 January 2023  unless extended.Under the Exchange Offer  the DSM Shareholders will be entitled  subject to certain terms and conditions  to exchange each DSM Ordinary Share they hold for one newly issued DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share (the Offer Consideration ).Following the transfer of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered under the Exchange Offer against payment of the Offer Consideration ( Settlement ) and the Admission  all issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of Firmenich will be contributed to the Company against payment of an amount in cash and the issuance of DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (the Firmenich Contribution ) (together with the Admission and the Exchange Offer referred to as the Transactions ) to establish DSM-Firmenich  which will be a new  dynamic creation and innovation partner in nutrition  beauty and well-being.The managing board of DSM and the supervisory board of DSM (the DSM Boards ) unanimously support the Transactions and recommend the Exchange Offer to the DSM Shareholders for acceptance. The board of directors of Firmenich unanimously supports and recommends the Transactions. The Firmenich shareholders have approved the Transactions.DSM today issued a position statement setting out its position on the Exchange Offer (the Position Statement ) and a convocation notice (including the agenda and explanatory notes thereto) to the DSM Shareholders (the DSM Convocation Notice ) in relation to the extraordinary general meeting of the DSM Shareholders (the DSM EGM ) on 23 January 2023  at which the Transactions  including the Exchange Offer  will be discussed and the DSM Shareholders will be requested to vote in favour of  amongst other things  approving the Transactions. The Position Statement and the DSM Convocation Notice are available on www.creator-innovator.com.Additional material on today's announcement and the Transactions can be found on the transaction website: www.creator-innovator.com.With reference to the press releases by DSM and Firmenich dated 31 May 2022  13 June 2022 and 28 June 2022  and the publication of the Offering Circular today  the Company  DSM and Firmenich jointly announce that the Company is making a recommended exchange offer to all DSM Shareholders to acquire their DSM Ordinary Shares in exchange for the Offer Consideration. Terms not defined in this press release will have the meaning as set forth in the Offering Circular.Transaction highlightsDSM and Firmenich entered into a business combination agreement to establish DSM-Firmenich  a new  dynamic creation and innovation partner in nutrition  beauty and well-being through a merger of equals (the Merger ).The Merger is to be effected through the Exchange Offer and the Firmenich Contribution.The business operations of the Company and its affiliates ( DSM-Firmenich ) will be organized in four businesses  being Perfumery & Beauty  Food & Beverage / Taste & Beyond  Health  Nutrition & Care and Animal Nutrition & Health  each with strong market positions and well-established to address emerging consumer trends.DSM has undertaken to procure that each member of the DSM Boards will tender their DSM Ordinary Shares directly or indirectly held or subsequently acquired by such member under the Exchange Offer and vote his or her DSM Ordinary Shares in favour of the resolutions with respect to the Transactions (the Transaction Resolutions ) at the DSM EGM.DSM has undertaken to tender under the Exchange Offer part of the DSM Ordinary Shares it holds in treasury.The central works council and European works council of DSM (the DSM Employee Representative Bodies ) have been informed about the Transactions  including the Exchange Offer  and the recommendation of the DSM Boards. The central works council has given a positive advice.The Exchange Offer and the respective obligations of the Company  DSM and Firmenich to effect the Transactions  and for DSM to ensure that the Company effects the Transactions and declares the Exchange Offer unconditional  is subject to the fulfilment of the conditions as set out in the Offering Circular (the Transaction Conditions ).The Exchange Offer is subject to a minimum acceptance level of 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital as at the Acceptance Closing Date. This percentage will be automatically adjusted to 80% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital as at the Acceptance Closing Date if the Transaction Resolutions have been adopted and are in full force and effect on the Acceptance Closing Date.Completion of the Transactions is currently expected in Q1 2023.Strategic rationaleThe Merger will bring together Firmenich's industry-leading Perfumery and Taste businesses and associated co-creation capabilities  with DSM's Health and Nutrition portfolio and renowned scientific expertise.The successful track-records of DSM and Firmenich of investing in and delivering ground-breaking innovations that create and reshape markets for growth will be combined in DSM-Firmenich. DSM-Firmenich will operate at the highest safety and quality standards  with strong regional manufacturing presence ensuring supply continuity  resilience and trust for its customers.DSM-Firmenich will be well positioned to accelerate growth by addressing shifts in consumer preferences and customer needs driven by global trends such as climate change  accessible nutrition  inequalities  and hygiene and sanitation. These shifts drive consumer preferences for health and sustainability benefits whilst enjoying superior experiences in areas such as taste and fragrance. As a market-leader with enhanced creation and application capabilities  DSM-Firmenich will be able to serve both global and local customers  informed by local consumer preferences  across regional and local hubs around the world. Opportunities from new pioneering and complementary digitally-powered business models will build upon the 125+ year heritages of each DSM and Firmenich in purpose-led scientific discovery and innovation.DSM-Firmenich will also bring together DSM's and Firmenich's relentless commitment to sustainability and traceability across the value chain  and in doing so help to drive environmental  social and governance leadership globally. Sustainability considerations have long been embedded within both DSM's and Firmenich's strategies and DSM-Firmenich will bring together two companies with shared values and longstanding action on climate change  embracing nature and care for people.The compelling strategic rationale for this Merger is further supported by the opportunity to accelerate growth  delivering earnings accretion and long-term value to all stakeholders.Recommendation by the DSM BoardsIn accordance with their fiduciary duties and after having reviewed  with the support of their legal and financial advisers  the terms of the Exchange Offer and having taken the interest of all DSM's stakeholders into account  the DSM Boards on the basis of the terms of the Exchange Offer as set out in the Offering Circular unanimously determined that the Exchange Offer is in the best interest of the DSM Group  and promotes the sustainable success of its business  taking into account the interest of all stakeholders.Both J.P. Morgan Securities plc (J.P. Morgan) and Centerview Partners UK LLP (Centerview) delivered a Fairness Opinion to the DSM Boards  expressing that as of 30 May 2022 and subject to the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and qualifications and limitations as set out in each opinion  (i) the Offer Consideration provided for pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement  is fair from a financial point of view to the holders of DSM Ordinary Shares other than excluded shares (as defined in the Fairness Opinions) and (ii) the Share Sale Consideration (as defined below) to be paid to DSM Holdco in the proposed Share Sale in connection with the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation as provided for in the Business Combination Agreement is fair from a financial point of view to DSM Holdco.Based on the above  the DSM Boards unanimously (i) support the Transactions  (ii) recommend that the DSM Shareholders accept the Exchange Offer and tender their DSM Ordinary Shares in the Exchange Offer and (iii) recommend to the DSM Shareholders to vote in favour of the Transaction Resolutions at the DSM EGM.Please refer to the Position Statement for further details. The Position Statement can be found on www.creator-innovator.com.Recommendation by Firmenich's board of directors and Firmenich shareholder approvalThe Board of Directors of Firmenich unanimously supports and recommends the Transactions. The Firmenich shareholders have approved the Transactions.Advice DSM Employee Representative BodiesThe DSM Employee Representative Bodies have been informed about the Transactions  including the Exchange Offer  and the recommendation of the DSM Boards. The central works council has given a positive advice.Irrevocable undertakings of DSMUnder the Business Combination Agreement  DSM has undertaken  amongst other things  to (i) procure that each member of the DSM Boards will (a) tender the DSM Ordinary Shares directly or indirectly held or subsequently acquired by such member under the Exchange Offer and (b) vote his or her DSM Ordinary Shares in favour of the Transaction Resolutions  and (ii) tender in the Exchange Offer during the initial Acceptance Period such number of DSM Ordinary Shares held in treasury by it as is equal to the number of Net Dilutive Instruments. Furthermore  DSM has undertaken to cancel all DSM Ordinary Shares that DSM holds after completion of the tendering by DSM of the DSM Ordinary Shares held in treasury  effective upon the settlement of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered in the Exchange Offer during the initial Acceptance Period.The DSM Ordinary Shares that will be tendered by the members of the DSM Boards and DSM constitute approximately one percent of the issued share capital of DSM.The members of the DSM Boards did not receive any information relevant for a DSM Shareholder in connection with the Exchange Offer that is not included in the Offering Circular and will tender their DSM Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer under the same terms and conditions as the other DSM Shareholders.Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of DSMDSM today issued the Position Statement and the Convocation Notice in relation to the DSM EGM on 23 January 2023. The DSM EGM will commence at 14.00 hours CET. DSM Shareholders may attend physically or virtually.In accordance with the provisions of Article 18  paragraph 1 of the Decree  the Exchange Offer will be discussed and recommended to the DSM Shareholders for acceptance and the DSM Shareholders will be requested to vote in favour of the Transaction Resolutions at the DSM EGM.The Position Statement provides further information to the DSM Shareholders as required pursuant to Article 18  paragraph 2 of the Decree.The Position Statement and the DSM Convocation Notice (including the agenda for the DSM EGM and explanatory notes thereto) are made available on www.creator-innovator.com as of today.AdvisorsJ.P. Morgan and Centerview are acting as financial advisors to DSM. Goldman Sachs International and BDT & Company Europe GmbH are acting as financial advisors to Firmenich.ABN AMRO Bank N.V. is acting as Settlement Agent and Listing and Paying Agent.Allen & Overy LLP and WalderWyss Ltd. are acting as legal advisors to DSM. Stibbe N.V.  Bär & Karrer Ltd.  Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP and Oberson Abels SA are acting as legal advisors to Firmenich.The offerorsPursuant to Article 1:1 of the Wft  each of the Company  Firmenich and DSM will qualify as an offeror in respect of the Exchange Offer.The Exchange OfferThe Company is making a voluntary public exchange offer (openbaar ruilbod) to the DSM Shareholders  to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares in exchange for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares for the Offer Consideration (1:1 exchange ratio) on the terms and subject to the conditions and restrictions set forth in section 14 (The Exchange Offer) of the Offering Circular.The DSM Shareholders  subject to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer  will have the ability to tender up to 100% of their DSM Ordinary Shares in the Exchange Offer.The Exchange Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions as set out in section 14.13 (The Transaction Conditions) of the Offering Circular  including an acceptance threshold of 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  which will be adjusted to 80% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  if the Transaction Resolutions have been adopted and are in full force and effect on the Acceptance Closing Date.Corporate governance and dual headquarter structureAs of the Settlement Date  the Company will have a two-tier management structure consisting of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. The Board of Directors is the highest executive oversight body of the Company and has the ultimate responsibility for all matters not expressly reserved to other corporate bodies of the Company. The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company's business to the Executive Committee  led by the co-CEOs.As of the Settlement Date  the Board of Directors will be composed of Thomas Leysen  Patrick Firmenich  Erica Mann  Corien Wortmann-Kool  André Pometta  Antoine Firmenich  Richard Ridinger  Pradeep Pant  Frits van Paasschen  John Ramsay and Carla Mahieu. It is expected that one additional board member will be appointed together with the other board members. Thomas Leysen will be the chairman and Patrick Firmenich will be the deputy chair.As of the Settlement Date  the Executive Committee will be composed of Dimitri de Vreeze  Geraldine Matchett  Emmanuel Butstraen  Sarah Reisinger  Ilaria Resta  Patrick Niels  Philip Eykerman  Ivo Lansbergen  Jane Sinclair and Mieke Van de Capelle. Dimitri de Vreeze and Geraldine Matchett will be the co-CEOs.As soon as practicable after the Settlement Date  but by the Contribution Completion  the Board of Directors is expected to have a compensation committee  a nomination committee  a finance  audit and risk committee and a governance and sustainability committee. As long as at least two Firmenich Nominated Directors are on the Board of Directors  the Nomination Committee shall be chaired by a Firmenich Nominated Director and each standing board committee shall have one (but not more than one) Firmenich Nominated Director.In order to facilitate the integration of DSM's and Firmenich's businesses  DSM and Firmenich agreed to establish an integration committee as of the Contribution Completion Date consisting of four members (two representatives of each of DSM and Firmenich (the Integration Committee)). The Integration Committee will draw up an integration plan and submit it through the Executive Committee to the entire Board of Directors  monitor its implementation and do all things necessary to assist the integration of the two companies and to optimise the benefits of the Merger for DSM-Firmenich  including identifying and delivering cost savings  synergies and growth opportunities. The Integration Committee shall discuss the status and progress of the implementation of the integration plan and related topics on a regular basis. Shortly after signing the Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with strict legal guidelines  an interim integration committee was established (called the integration management office)  led by Emmanuel Butstraen  to plan for and prepare the integration to ensure synergies are achieved post-closing.Effective as from the Contribution Completion Date  the Company will have a dual headquarter structure  with a headquarter  statutory seat and exclusive tax residence in Kaiseraugst  Switzerland  and a headquarter located in Heerlen  the Netherlands  and later Maastricht  the Netherlands.Acceptance PeriodThe Acceptance Period under the Exchange Offer begins at 09.00 hours CET on Wednesday 23 November 2022  and expires at 17:40 hours CET on Tuesday 31 January 2023 (the Initial Acceptance Closing Date)  unless extended in accordance with Article 15 of the Decree. If all Transaction Conditions are satisfied or  if and to the extent permitted  waived  the Company will accept all DSM Ordinary Shares that have been validly tendered  or defectively tendered provided that such defect has been waived by the Company  and not previously validly withdrawn on the terms of the Exchange Offer in accordance with the procedures set out in the Offering Circular (each a Tendered Share).Any Tendered Share tendered on or prior to the Acceptance Closing Date may not be withdrawn  subject to the withdrawal rights set forth in section 14.17 (Withdrawal rights) of the Offering Circular.Extension of the Acceptance PeriodIf one or more of the Transaction Conditions is not satisfied by the Initial Acceptance Closing Date or  to the extent permitted  waived and each Transaction Condition is at such time capable of being satisfied  then  unless DSM and Firmenich jointly decide otherwise  the Company shall and DSM shall cause the Company to  extend the Acceptance Period no less than two weeks and no more than ten weeks  calculated from the Initial Acceptance Closing Date.Any subsequent extension shall be subject to the receipt of an exemption granted by the AFM under specific circumstances pursuant to Article 5:81  paragraph 3 and Article 5:76  paragraph 2  sub a of the Wft.Acceptance by DSM ShareholdersAcceptance by DSM Shareholders through Admitted InstitutionsDSM Shareholders who hold their DSM Ordinary Shares through an institution admitted to Euronext Amsterdam and/or Euroclear Nederland (aangesloten instelling) (an Admitted Institution) are requested to make their acceptance known through their bank or stockbroker no later than the Closing Time. The custodian  bank or stockbroker may set an earlier deadline for communication by the DSM Shareholders in order to permit the custodian  bank or stockbroker to communicate its acceptances to the Settlement Agent in a timely manner. Accordingly  the DSM Shareholders holding DSM Ordinary Shares through a financial intermediary should comply with the dates communicated by such financial intermediary  as such dates may differ from and be earlier than the dates and times noted in the Offering Circular.Admitted Institutions may tender DSM Ordinary Shares for acceptance only to the Settlement Agent and only in writing. The Admitted Institutions are requested to tender the DSM Ordinary Shares via Euroclear Nederland (via Swift message MT565). In submitting the acceptance  Admitted Institutions are required to declare that (i) they have the Tendered Shares in their administration  (ii) each DSM Shareholder who accepts the Exchange Offer irrevocably represents and warrants that (A) the Tendered Shares are being tendered in compliance with the restrictions set out in sections 14.35 (Notice to DSM Shareholders in certain jurisdictions) and 16 (Restrictions) of the Offering Circular and (B) it is not the subject or target  directly or indirectly  of any economic or financial sanctions administered or enforced by any agency of the U.S. government  the European Union  any member state thereof  or the United Nations  other than solely by virtue of its inclusion in  or ownership by a person included in  the U.S. ""Sectoral Sanctions Identifications (SSI) List"" or Annex III  IV  V or VI of Council Regulation (EU) No. 833/2014 of 31 July 2014  as amended  and (iii) they undertake to effect the transfer (levering) of these Tendered Shares to the Company prior to or ultimately on the Settlement Date  provided that the Exchange Offer has been declared unconditional (gestand wordt gedaan).Acceptance by DSM Shareholders individually recorded in DSM's shareholders' registerDSM Shareholders individually recorded in DSM's shareholders' register wishing to accept the Exchange Offer in respect of such registered DSM Ordinary Shares must deliver a completed and signed acceptance form to the Settlement Agent  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer  no later than the Closing Time. The acceptance forms are available upon request from the Settlement Agent. The acceptance form will also serve as a deed of transfer (akte van levering) with respect to the DSM Ordinary Shares referenced therein.Acceptance by DSM Shareholders located in the United StatesDSM Shareholders located in the United States who hold their DSM Ordinary Shares through a custodian  bank or stockbroker are requested to make their acceptance known through their bank or stockbroker as set out in section 16.1 (United States of America) of the Offering Circular.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States is unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted to such person will instead be transferred to a nominee  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to such person within five days of the Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Acceptance Period  or within five days of the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during any Post-Closing Acceptance Period.Declaring the Exchange Offer unconditionalThe obligation of the Company to declare the Exchange Offer unconditional (gestanddoening) is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the Transaction Conditions. The Transaction Conditions may be waived in accordance with the terms prescribed in the Offering Circular and to the extent permitted by applicable law or by the Business Combination Agreement. If any Transaction Condition is waived  the Company will inform the DSM Shareholders as required by applicable laws.No later than on the date on which the Company shall declare the Exchange Offer unconditional (the Unconditional Date)  the Company will determine whether the Transaction Conditions have been satisfied or waived by the Party entitled to waive such Transaction Conditions in accordance with the terms prescribed in the Offering Circular and to the extent permitted by applicable law. In addition  the Company will announce on the Unconditional Date whether (i) the Exchange Offer is declared unconditional (gestand wordt gedaan)  (ii) the Acceptance Period will be extended in accordance with Article 15 of the Decree or (iii) the Exchange Offer is terminated as a result of the Transaction Conditions not having been satisfied or waived  all in accordance with Article 16 of the Decree.If the Company declares the Exchange Offer unconditional  it will state the total value  number and corresponding percentage of (i) the Tendered Shares and (ii) the aggregate of the Tendered Shares that are directly or indirectly held by the Company. In the event that the Exchange Offer is not declared unconditional  the Company will explain such decision.In the event that the Company declares the Exchange Offer unconditional  the Company will accept all Tendered Shares and may announce a Post-Closing Acceptance Period (na-aanmeldingsperiode) of no more than two weeks to enable DSM Shareholders who did not tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the Acceptance Period to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period under the same terms and conditions as the Exchange Offer.Settlement of the Exchange OfferIn the event that the Company declares the Exchange Offer unconditional (gestanddoening)  the DSM Shareholders who have validly tendered (or defectively tendered provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) and have not validly withdrawn and have transferred (geleverd) their DSM Ordinary Shares for acceptance pursuant to the Exchange Offer on or prior to the Acceptance Closing Date will receive no later than on the second Business Day after the Unconditional Date the Offer Consideration in respect of each Tendered Share  as of which moment revocation (herroeping)  dissolution (ontbinding) or annulment (vernietiging) of a DSM Shareholder's acceptance  tender or transfer (levering) shall not be permitted. Settlement will only take place if the Exchange Offer is declared unconditional (gestand is gedaan). The Company cannot guarantee that the DSM Shareholders will actually receive the Offer Consideration within this period from the Admitted Institution with whom they hold their DSM Ordinary Shares.The Settlement of the Exchange Offer will be administered and effected by the Company or by the Listing and Paying Agent and/or the Settlement Agent  on behalf of the Company.The Admission of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam will become effective on the Unconditional Date  which is currently expected to occur on 1 February 2023  subject to any extension of the Acceptance Period.The delivery of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will take place through the book-entry system of the Netherlands Central Institute for Giro Securities Transactions (Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V.) trading as Euroclear Nederland (Euroclear Nederland)  in case of eligible DSM Shareholders that make valid elections to receive their DSM Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer (the Settlement Election). Trading in DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares before the Settlement Date will take place on an ""as-if-and-when-issued"" basis. The delivery of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may not take place on the Settlement Date  or at all  if the Exchange Offer does not proceed. Any dealings in DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam prior to Settlement are at the sole risk of the parties concerned.The Company's obligation to deliver the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares to the DSM Shareholders that have validly provided their acceptances under the Exchange Offer will be fully and finally discharged upon the Company issuing the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares to them on the Settlement Date.The DSM Shareholders that do not wish to participate in the Exchange Offer do not need to take any action in relation to the Exchange Offer and will continue to hold their existing DSM Ordinary Shares when the Exchange Offer is implemented  with due consideration of the provisions of sections 14.19 (Statutory buy-out) and 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation) of the Offering Circular.Post-Closing Acceptance PeriodIn the event that the Company declares the Exchange Offer unconditional (gestanddoening)  the Company may  in accordance with Article 17 of the Decree  within three Business Days after declaring the Exchange Offer unconditional  publicly announce a Post-Closing Acceptance Period (na-aanmeldingsperiode) of no more than two weeks to enable DSM Shareholders who did not tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the acceptance period to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period under the same terms and subject to the same restrictions as the Exchange Offer.Delisting and conversionAs soon as possible after completion of the Exchange Offer  the delisting of the DSM Ordinary Shares shall be procured and the DSM Preference Shares A will be repurchased and cancelled. After delisting of the DSM Ordinary Shares  DSM will be converted from a Dutch public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) into a Dutch private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid).Acquisition of 100%The Company and DSM see merits and benefits in the Company acquiring 100% of the DSM Ordinary Shares (and indirectly DSM's assets and operations) by means of (i) a statutory buy-out procedure in accordance with Article 2:359c of the Dutch Civil Code (DCC) or a buy-out procedure in accordance with Article 2:92a of the DCC (the Buy-Out)  or (ii) the implementation of a customary pre-wired back-end structure (the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation).The Buy-OutIf the Company and its group companies within the meaning of the DCC hold in the aggregate at least 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding DSM Ordinary Shares (calculated in accordance with the DCC) following Settlement  the Company shall  and DSM shall cause the Company to  commence the Buy-Out. Any remaining DSM Shareholders other than the Company will receive a cash consideration as a result of the Buy-Out.The Post-Offer Merger and LiquidationIf after the settlement of the Tendered Shares tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company holds less than 95% but at least 80% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  DSM may be notified by the Company or Firmenich to implement the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation  in which case DSM shall implement a legal triangular merger with and into DSM Sub (as acquiring company)  with DSM Holdco allotting shares to the Company and the DSM Shareholders on a share for share basis in accordance with Articles 2:309 et seq. and 2:333a of the DCC (the Triangular Merger). The Triangular Merger is subject to DSM's shareholders' approval at the DSM EGM. Once the Triangular Merger is implemented  the listing of DSM will terminate.Prior to the Triangular Merger becoming effective  the Company shall and DSM shall procure that DSM Holdco shall enter into a share purchase agreement between the Company and DSM Holdco (the Post-Offer Share Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which  amongst other things  DSM Holdco will sell and the Company will purchase all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of DSM Sub (the Share Sale) and the Company will assume all liabilities of DSM Holdco. The consideration payable by the Company to DSM Holdco under the Post-Offer Share Purchase Agreement for the Share Sale shall be the issuance of a right that entitles the holder thereof to require the Company to deliver to it  on first demand  such number of DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares that is equal to the number of DSM Ordinary Shares held by the Company plus the DSM Ordinary Shares held by the non-tendering DSM Shareholders  or the cash equivalent thereof  calculated by applying a value fairly representing the prevailing value of a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share (the Share Sale Consideration).The Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation is described in further detail in section 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation) of the Offering Circular.AnnouncementsAnnouncements in relation to the Exchange offer will be issued by means of a press release. Any joint press release issued by the Company  DSM and Firmenich will be made available on the website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com).Subject to any applicable requirements of the applicable laws and without limiting the manner in which the Company  DSM and Firmenich may choose to make any public announcement  the Company  DSM and Firmenich will have no obligation to communicate any public announcement other than as described in the Offering Circular.Offering Circular  Position Statement and further informationThe Company is making the Exchange Offer on the terms and subject to the conditions and restrictions contained in the Offering Circular  dated 22 November 2022. In addition  DSM published the Position Statement  containing the information required by Article 18  paragraph 2  and Annex G of the Decree in connection with the Exchange Offer.This press release contains selected  condensed information regarding the Exchange Offer and this press release does not replace the Offering Circular. The information in this announcement is not complete and additional information is included in the Offering Circular and the Position Statement.DSM Shareholders are advised to review the Offering Circular and the Position Statement in detail and to seek independent advice where appropriate in order to reach a reasoned judgement in respect of the Exchange Offer and the content of the Offering Circular and the Position Statement. In addition  DSM Shareholders may wish to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of tendering their DSM Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer.A copy of the Offering Circular can be obtained through the website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com). Copies of the Offering Circular are on request also available free of charge at the offices of DSM and Firmenich and can be obtained by contacting DSM and Firmenich through the investor relations departments included towards the end of this press release.Indicative timetableEvent(i) Date Announcement of publication of the Offering Circular 22 November 2022 Publication of the Offering Circular 22 November 2022 Start Acceptance Period 23 November 2022 at 09:00 CET DSM EGM EGM  at which meeting the DSM Shareholders will be requested to vote in favour of the Transaction Resolutions 23 January 2023 at 14.00 CET Acceptance Closing Date The last day of the Acceptance Period 31 January 2023 at 17:40 CET Unconditional Date and First Trading Date The date on which the Company shall declare the Exchange Offer unconditional (gestand doen). Also the first trading date for the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on an as-if-and-when delivered basis. 1 February 2023 Start Post-Closing Acceptance Period If the Exchange Offer is declared unconditional (gestand wordt gedaan)  the Company may announce a Post-Closing Acceptance Period of no more than two weeks 2 February 2023 Settlement Date The date on which the delivery of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares in the systems of Euronext Amsterdam will take place 3 February 2023 End of the Post-Closing Acceptance Period 15 February 2023 Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date The date on which the DSM Shareholders who have validly tendered their DSM Ordinary Shares will receive the Offer Consideration 17 February 2023 Firmenich Contribution Date The date on which the shares in the capital of Firmenich will be contributed to the Company. 23 February 2023(i) These dates and times are subject to change and references to time are to CET. Any material changes will be announced in a press release published and placed on DSM-Firmenich's website ( www.creator-innovator.com ).Risk factorsThe following is a summary of the key risks that  alone or in combination with other events or circumstances  could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business  financial condition  results of operations or prospects  the Offering or the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (not in order of materiality):DSM and Firmenich have incurred  and DSM-Firmenich will incur  significant transaction costs in connection with the Transactions and  as from completion of the Transactions  DSM-Firmenich will incur significant integration costs  which may be significantly higher than currently estimated;DSM-Firmenich may fail to successfully integrate the businesses of DSM and Firmenich and therefore may fail to realise some or all of the anticipated cost savings  synergies  growth opportunities and other benefits;Risks associated with the Merger may cause a loss of management personnel or other key employees due to uncertainties associated with the integration following the consummation of the Merger;DSM-Firmenich will be exposed to the geopolitical and economic conditions of the countries and regions in which it will operate;DSM-Firmenich will be dependent on raw materials and energy  which are subject to shortages  supply chain disruptions and price volatility;DSM-Firmenich will be dependent on a limited number of suppliers and toll manufacturers for some of its raw materials;DSM-Firmenich will operate in highly competitive market environments that are continuously and rapidly evolving and its failure to innovate or adequately respond to market trends could limit DSM-Firmenich's potential for profit and growth;DSM-Firmenich may be unable to adequately respond to rapidly changing customer and consumer preferences;DSM-Firmenich will make significant investments in research and development  which may not necessarily lead to profitable results;DSM-Firmenich will be subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates;DSM-Firmenich will be exposed to credit risks;DSM-Firmenich will be exposed to the risk that new tax and social security laws  treaties  regulations or practices are introduced and that existing tax and social security laws  treaties  regulations or practices or in the interpretation and enforcement thereof are changed;The market price of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will fluctuate and may decline;The Company cannot assure investors that an active trading market will develop for the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares and  if a market does develop  the market price of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may be subject to greater volatility than the market price of DSM Ordinary Shares; andSubject to certain exceptions  DSM Shareholders and other prospective investors in certain jurisdictions may not be able to participate in the Exchange Offer or  after consummation of the Merger  elect to receive share dividends  if any.General restrictionsThe Exchange Offer is being made in and from the Netherlands with due observance of such statements  conditions and restrictions as are included in the Offering Circular. The Company reserves the right to accept any tender under the Exchange Offer  which is made by or on behalf of a DSM Shareholder  even if it has not been made in the manner set out in the Offering Circular.The distribution of the Offering Circular and/or the making of the Exchange Offer in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted and/or prohibited by law. In particular  subject to certain exceptions  the Offering Circular is not for general circulation in the United States. The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any DSM Shareholder  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the Offering Circular. Persons obtaining the Offering Circular are required to take due note and observe all such restrictions and obtain any necessary authorisations  approvals or consents (to the extent applicable). Outside of the Netherlands  no actions have been taken (nor will actions be taken) to make the Exchange Offer possible in any jurisdiction where such actions would be required. In addition  the Offering Circular has not been filed with nor recognised by the authorities of any jurisdiction other than the Netherlands. Neither the Company  nor DSM  nor Firmenich  nor any of their advisers accept any liability for any violation by any person of any such restriction. Any person (including  without limitation  custodians  nominees and trustees) who forwards or intends to forward the Offering Circular or any related document to any jurisdiction outside the Netherlands should carefully read section 16 (Restrictions) and section 17 (Important Information) of the Offering Circular before taking any action. The release  publication or distribution of the Offering Circular and any documentation regarding the Exchange Offer  the making of the Exchange Offer or the issuance and offering of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession the Offering Circular comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the law of any such jurisdiction.United States of AmericaUnless otherwise determined by the Company  the Exchange Offer is not being  and will not be  made  directly or indirectly  in or into  or by the use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  telephonically or electronically) of  interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States except to DSM Shareholders who (i) are ""qualified institutional buyers"" as such term is defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the U.S. Securities Act  and each such person  a QIB) and (ii)  to the Company's satisfaction (in its sole discretion)  have duly completed and returned to the Company a letter confirming that it is a QIB and agreeing to certain transfer restrictions applicable to the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (a U.S. Investor Letter) available from the Company (each an Eligible U.S. Holder). Accordingly  to be eligible to receive DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer  each DSM Shareholder that is a U.S. Person and that is a QIB must make their acceptance known through their custodian  bank or stockbroker by executing and delivering a U.S. Investor letter to such custodian or intermediary no later than 17:40 hours CET on the Acceptance Closing Date. The custodian  bank or stockbroker may set an earlier deadline for communication by DSM Shareholders in order to permit the custodian  bank or stockbroker to communicate its acceptances to the Settlement Agent (ABN AMRO) in a timely manner. Accordingly  Eligible U.S. Holders holding DSM Ordinary Shares through a financial intermediary should comply with the dates communicated by such financial intermediary  as such dates may differ from the dates and times noted in the Offering Circular.The form of a U.S. Investor Letter will be distributed to custodians  nominees and other financial intermediaries to distribute to those they hold for in due course and is also available to QIBs from the Company. Any U.S. Person who is not a QIB  or in respect of whom no U.S. Investor Letter is received before 17:40 hours CET on the Acceptance Closing Date  will be a Restricted Shareholder and will be treated as set out under section 14.35 (Notice to DSM Shareholders in certain jurisdictions) of the Offering Circular.The DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable law of the United States and accordingly  the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may not be reoffered  resold or transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.Any DSM Shareholder located in the United States at the time of the Transactions will be required to make certain representations  warranties and undertakings in respect of their status as QIB (the QIB Confirmations)  in order to receive the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States is unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted to such person will instead be transferred to a nominee  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to such person within five days of the Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Acceptance Period  or within five days of the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during any Post-Closing Acceptance Period.Additional information is included in section 16.1 (United States of America) and 14.9 (Procedures for acceptances and action required by DSM Shareholders – Acceptance by DSM Shareholders located in the United States) of the Offering Circular.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current beliefs and projections and on information currently available to the Company. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond the Company's control and all of which are based on its current beliefs and expectations about future events. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""believe""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""seek""  ""would""  ""could""  ""should""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""assume""  ""predict""  ""anticipate""  ""annualised""  ""goal""  ""target""  ""potential""  ""continue""  ""hope""  ""objective""  ""position""  ""project""  ""risk"" or ""aim"" or the highlights or negatives thereof or other variations thereof or comparable terminology  or by discussions of DSM-Firmenich's strategy  short-term and mid-term objectives and future plans that involve risks and uncertainties.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake and it expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement in this press release  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Such forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  assumptions  expectations  estimates and projections of the Directors in office at the time of this press release and the Company's management  public statements made by it  present and future business strategies and the environment in which DSM-Firmenich will operate in the future. By their nature  they are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause DSM-Firmenich's actual results and future events to differ materially from those implied or expressed by forward-looking statements. The DSM Shareholders and other prospective investors are advised to read section 2 (Risk Factors) of the Offering Circular for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the DSM-Firmenich's future performance and the industry in which DSM-Firmenich operates. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should any of the assumptions underlying the above or other factors prove to be incorrect  DSM-Firmenich's actual results of operations or future financial condition could differ materially from those described herein as currently anticipated  believed  estimated or expected. In light of the risks  uncertainties and assumptions underlying the above factors  the forward-looking events described in the Offering Circular may not occur or be realised. Additional risks not known to the Company or that the Company does not currently consider material could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in the Offering Circular not to occur.For more information  please contact:DSM investor relations enquiries: Firmenich investor relations enquiries: Dave Huizing Ingvild van Lysebetten Email: investor.relations@dsm.com Email: investor_relations@firmenich.com Telephone: +31 45 578 2864 Telephone: +41 79 833 7252DSM media enquiries: Firmenich media enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP Brunswick Group Edward Bridges / Alex Le May Joseph Chi Lo / Edward Brown Email: scdsm@fticonsulting.com Email: firmenich@brunswickgroup.com Telephone: +44 20 3727 1017 Telephone: +44 20 7404 5959Settlement Agent and Listing and Paying Agent:ABN AMRO Bank N.V.Corporate Broking Issuer ServicesEmail: as.exchange.agency@nl.abnamro.comTelephone: +31 20 628 6070About FirmenichFirmenich  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and taste company  was founded in Geneva  Switzerland  in 1895  and has been family-owned for 127 years. Firmenich is a business-to-business company specialized in the research  creation  manufacture and sale of perfumes  flavors  and ingredients. Renowned for its excellent research  as well as its leadership in sustainability  Firmenich offers its customers innovation in formulation  a broad palette of ingredients  and proprietary technologies such as biotechnology. Firmenich delivered CHF 4.7bn of sales in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.About DSMDSM has transformed during its 150+ year history into today's health  nutrition & bioscience global leader. The Dutch-Swiss company specializes in nutritional ingredients for food and feed with proven world-leading bioscience capabilities and an international network of high-quality manufacturing sites that underpin a business model of global products  local solutions and personalization and precision. For Health  Nutrition & Bioscience (excluding Materials)  DSM delivered €7.3bn of sales in the calendar year 2021  with adjusted EBITDA of €1.4bn and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19%.Transaction websitePlease visit www.creator-innovator.com for additional material on the Merger.DSM refers to Koninklijke DSM N.V. and the DSM Group refers to DSM and its subsidiaries. Firmenich refers to Firmenich International SA and Firmenich Group refers to Firmenich and its subsidiaries. DSM-Firmenich or the Company refers to Danube AG  which upon completion of the proposed combination will be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG  and its subsidiaries following completion of the Merger (including the DSM Group and the Firmenich Group).Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1829134/DSM_Firmenich_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/publication-of-the-offering-circular-in-relation-to-the-merger-between-dsm-and-firmenich-and-the-listing-of-dsm-firmenich-on-euronext-amsterdam-301684509.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.2,0.63,True,English,"['OFFERING CIRCULAR', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'RELATION', 'BETWEEN', 'DSM', 'FIRMENICH', 'LISTING', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'live stream Q&A session', 'Besluit openbare biedingen Wft', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'Firmenich CEO Gilbert Ghostine', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'short online presentation', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'exciting next phase', 'greater positive impact', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'strong growth synergies', 'CEOs Geraldine Matchett', 'DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares', 'Firmenich International SA', 'DSM Ordinary Shares', 'securities law restrictions', 'shareholder value creation', 'joint press release', 'The Exchange Offer', 'The Offering Circular', '174,786,029 ordinary shares', 'nominal value', 'joint webcast', 'leading creation', 'DSM Shareholder', 'GENERAL RELEASE', 'UNITED STATES', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'Danube AG', 'regulated market', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'offer memorandum', 'Financial Markets', 'corporate website', 'potential investor', 'potential risks', 'two companies', 'complementary capabilities', 'passionate people', 'two great', 'historic companies', 'innovation partner', 'enhanced growth', 'transformational moment', 'global-scale partner', 'customer offering', 'Firmenich AG', 'share capital', 'investment decision', 'Dutch Decree', 'Netherlands Authority', 'respective regulations', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Article 4 paragraph', 'Article 10 paragraph 1', 'information purposes', 'trading update', 'investors', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'SUCH', 'Company', 'connection', 'provisions', 'listing', 'Admission', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'making', 'acceptance', 'compliance', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'terms', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'announcement', 'intention', 'prospectus', 'invitation', 'representative', 'solicitation', 'person', 'violation', 'Further', 'details', 'biedingsbericht', 'AFM', '22 November', 'today', 'cost', 'creator-innovator', 'basis', 'order', 'rewards', 'endorsement', 'quality', 'Story', 'KAISERAUGST', 'Switzerland', 'HEERLEN', 'GENEVA', 'launch', 'merger', 'equals', 'analysts', 'progress', 'period', 'July', 'September', '12:00 CET', 'corporate-services/DSM-Firmenich', 'Co-CEOs', 'heritages', 'nutrition', 'beauty', 'well-being', 'world', 'businesses']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13555,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221118005623/en/SLB-Announces-Debt-Tender-Offer,SLB Announces Debt Tender Offer,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--SLB (NYSE: SLB) today announced that Schlumberger Holdings Corporation  an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SLB (“SHC”)  has commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but …,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--SLB (NYSE: SLB) today announced that Schlumberger Holdings Corporation  an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SLB (“SHC”)  has commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest (as defined below)  of $500 000 000 (such amount  as it may be amended  the “Maximum Purchase Price”) of the notes listed in the table below (the “Notes”). The offer to purchase the Notes is referred to herein as the “Offer.” The Offer is made upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase  dated November 21  2022 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time  the “Offer to Purchase”). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this press release have the meanings given to them in the Offer to Purchase.Title of Security CUSIP Numbers Acceptance Priority Level(1) Principal Amount Outstanding Early Tender Premium(2) Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page Fixed Spread (basis points)(3) 3.750% Senior Notes due 2024 806851AJ0 (144A) / U8066LAG9 (Reg S) 1 $750 000 000 $30 2.500% U.S. Treasury Notes due 04/30/2024 FIT 4 +20 4.000% Senior Notes due 2025 806851AG6 (144A) / U8066LAE4 (Reg S) 2 $932 597 000 $30 4.500% U.S. Treasury Notes due 11/15/2025 FIT 1 +55 3.900% Senior Notes due 2028 806851AK7 (144A) / U8066LAH7 (Reg S) 3 $1 500 000 000 $30 4.125% U.S. Treasury Notes due 10/31/2027 FIT 1 +110 4.300% Senior Notes due 2029 806851AH4 (144A) / U8066LAF1 (Reg S) 4 $850 000 000 $30 4.125% U.S. Treasury Notes due 11/15/2032 FIT 1 +150________________ (1) SHC will accept Notes in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Level specified in the table above (each  an “Acceptance Priority Level ” with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 4 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the terms and conditions described elsewhere in the Offer to Purchase  including the Maximum Purchase Price and proration. (2) For each $1 000 principal amount of Notes tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time (as defined below) and accepted for purchase. (3) The applicable Fixed Spread will be used to calculate the applicable Total Consideration (as defined below) payable for each series of Notes  which already includes the Early Tender Premium.All documentation relating to the Offer  including the Offer to Purchase  together with any updates  are available from the Tender and Information Agent (as defined below) and will also be available at the following website: http://www.dfking.com/slb.Details of the OfferThe Offer will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 19  2022 (unless the Offer is extended or terminated) (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Expiration Time”). To be eligible to receive the applicable Total Consideration  which includes the Early Tender Premium (as defined below)  Holders must validly tender and not validly withdraw their Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 5  2022 (unless the Offer is extended or terminated) (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Early Tender Time”). Holders who validly tender their Notes after the Early Tender Time and at or prior to the Expiration Time will be eligible to receive only the applicable Tender Offer Consideration  which is an amount equal to the applicable Total Consideration less the applicable Early Tender Premium.The settlement date for the Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Time and accepted for purchase will occur promptly following the Early Tender Time and is expected to be December 8  2022 (the “Early Settlement Date”). The settlement date for the Notes validly tendered after the Early Tender Time and accepted for purchase will occur promptly following the Expiration Time and is expected to be December 21  2022 (the “Final Settlement Date”). Holders who tender their Notes prior to the Early Tender Time may withdraw such Notes at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 5  2022.To be eligible to receive the applicable Tender Offer Consideration  Holders must validly tender and not validly withdraw their Notes at or prior to the Expiration Time. Holders who tender their Notes after the Early Tender Time and prior to the Expiration Time may not withdraw such Notes. The Offer is not conditioned on any minimum amount of Notes being tendered.All of the Notes are held in book-entry form through the facilities of DTC. If you desire to tender Notes held through DTC  you must transfer such Notes to the Tender and Information Agent through DTC’s Automated Tender Offer Program  for which the transaction will be eligible  in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase. There is no letter of transmittal for the Offer to Purchase. Any Holder who holds Notes through Clearstream Banking  société anonyme or Euroclear Bank SA/NV must comply with the applicable procedures of such clearing system. If a Holder holds Notes through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee or custodian  the Holder must contact them if they wish to tender their Notes.The “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of such series of Notes equal to an amount  calculated in accordance with the Offer to Purchase  that would reflect  as of the Early Settlement Date  a yield to the applicable par call date or maturity date (in accordance with market practice) of such series of Notes equal to the sum of (i) the Reference Yield for such series  determined at 10:00 a.m.  New York City time  on the business day following the Early Tender Time  plus (ii) the fixed spread applicable to such series  as set forth in the table above  in each case minus accrued interest from  and including  the immediately preceding interest payment date up to  but excluding  the Early Settlement Date. The “Reference Yield” means the yield based on the bid-side price of the reference security listed in the table above for such series. The “Repurchase Yield” is equal to the Reference Yield plus the Fixed Spread. The applicable Total Consideration includes the applicable early tender premium set forth in the table above (the “Early Tender Premium”).The “Tender Offer Consideration” payable for each series of Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of such series of Notes equal to the applicable Total Consideration for that series of Notes minus the applicable Early Tender Premium.In addition to the Total Consideration or the Tender Offer Consideration (as applicable)  Holders whose Notes are accepted for purchase in the Offer will also be paid a cash amount equal to the accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes  from  and including  the immediately preceding interest payment date (a) up to  but excluding  the Early Settlement Date  payable on the Early Settlement Date or (b) up to  but excluding  the Final Settlement Date  payable on the Final Settlement Date  as applicable  rounded to the nearest cent per $1 000 principal amount of Notes (such cash amount  the “Accrued Interest”).Notes accepted for purchase will be accepted in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Levels (with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 4 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the limitation that Notes will only be purchased in an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest  not exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price.Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any tendered Notes having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted  and all Notes validly tendered after the Early Tender Time having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted  in each case subject to the Maximum Purchase Price. Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time will be accepted for purchase in priority to other Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time  even if such Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time have a higher Acceptance Priority Level than Notes tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Time. If the Offer is oversubscribed at the Early Tender Time  then SHC will announce promptly after the Early Tender Time that Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time will not be purchased pursuant to the Offer.Subject to any increase or decrease to the Maximum Purchase Price  if on the Early Settlement Date or the Final Settlement Date there are sufficient remaining funds to purchase some  but not all  of the remaining tendered Notes in any Acceptance Priority Level without exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price  SHC will accept for payment such tendered Notes on a prorated basis  with the proration factor for such Acceptance Priority Level depending on the aggregate principal amount of Notes of such Acceptance Priority Level validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. Each tender of Notes that is prorated will be rounded down to the nearest $1 000 principal amount of Notes. Depending on the proration factor applied  if the principal amount of Notes returned to a Holder as a result of proration would result in less than the minimum denomination of $2 000 principal amount of Notes being returned to such Holder  SHC will accept or reject all of such Holder’s validly tendered Notes.Furthermore  if Notes are validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to or at the Early Tender Time such that the aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest  of such Notes  if purchased  would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price  Holders who validly tender Notes after the Early Tender Time will not have any of their Notes accepted for purchase regardless of the Acceptance Priority Level of such Notes unless SHC increases the Maximum Purchase Price. SHC reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to increase the Maximum Purchase Price  but there can be no assurance that it will do so.Subject to applicable law and limitations described in the Offer to Purchase  SHC expressly reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to amend  extend or  upon failure of any condition described in the Offer to Purchase to be satisfied or waived  to terminate the Offer at any time at or prior to the Expiration Time.SHC has retained Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to act as the Dealer Managers in connection with the Offer (collectively  the “Dealer Managers”). Questions regarding terms and conditions of the Offer should be directed to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. by calling toll free at (866) 627-0391 or collect at (212) 250-2955  or to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC by calling toll free at (866) 834-4666 or collect at (212) 834-3424.D.F. King & Co.  Inc. has been appointed as tender and information agent (the “Tender and Information Agent”) in connection with the Offer. Questions or requests for assistance in connection with the Offer or for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase  may be directed to D.F. King & Co.  Inc. by calling toll free (800) 290-6424 or collect at (212) 269-5550 or via e-mail at slb@dfking.com. You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. The Offer to Purchase can be accessed at the following website: http://www.dfking.com/slb.Neither this press release nor the Offer to Purchase  or the electronic transmission thereof  constitutes an offer to sell or buy Notes  as applicable  in any jurisdiction in which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation under applicable securities laws or otherwise. The distribution of this press release in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of their respective affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate (as the case may be) on behalf of SHC in such jurisdiction.About SLBSLB (NYSE: SLB) is a global technology company that drives energy innovation for a balanced planet. With a global footprint in more than 100 countries and employees representing almost twice as many nationalities  we work each day on innovating oil and gas  delivering digital at scale  decarbonizing industries  and developing and scaling new energy systems that accelerate the energy transition. Find out more at slb.com.Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws  which include any statements that are not historical facts. Such statements often contain words such as “expect ” “may ” “can ” “plan ” “potential ” “expectations ” “estimate ” “intend ” “anticipate ” “target ” “think ” “should ” “could ” “would ” “will ” “see ” “likely ” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements address matters that are  to varying degrees  uncertain  such as statements regarding the terms and timing for completion of the Offer  including the acceptance for purchase of any Notes validly tendered and the expected Expiration Time and Settlement Date thereof  and the consideration of the Tender Offer. SLB and SHC cannot give any assurance that such statements will prove correct. These statements are subject to  among other things  the risks and uncertainties detailed in SLB’s most recent Forms 10-K  10-Q  and 8-K filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of any such development changes)  or should SLB’s underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of November 21  2022  and SLB and SHC disclaim any intention or obligation to update publicly or revise such statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Debt Tender Offer', 'SLB', 'Security CUSIP Numbers Acceptance Priority Level', 'Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page', 'highest Acceptance Priority Level', 'lowest Acceptance Priority Level', 'New York City time', 'U.S. Treasury Notes', 'Automated Tender Offer Program', 'applicable Early Tender Premium', 'aggregate purchase price amount', 'applicable Tender Offer Consideration', 'applicable Total Consideration', 'Schlumberger Holdings Corporation', 'société anonyme', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Early Tender Time', 'applicable Fixed Spread', 'Maximum Purchase Price', 'Early Settlement Date', 'Final Settlement Date', 'Reg S', 'applicable procedures', 'commercial bank', 'Expiration Time', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'owned subsidiary', 'Accrued Interest', 'press release', 'Principal Amount', 'basis points', 'Information Agent', 'following website', 'minimum amount', 'book-entry form', 'Clearstream Banking', 'clearing system', 'trust company', '4.000% Senior Notes', 'Capitalized terms', 'SLB', 'NYSE', 'indirect', 'SHC', 'cash', 'table', 'conditions', 'meanings', 'Title', 'FIT', 'accordance', 'proration', 'series', 'documentation', 'updates', 'Details', 'December', 'same', 'Holders', 'facilities', 'DTC', 'transaction', 'letter', 'transmittal', 'broker', 'dealer', '2028', '11:59', '5:00']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13556,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221118005633/en/SLB-Announces-Debt-Tender-Offer,SLB Announces Debt Tender Offer,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: SLB (NYSE: SLB) today announced that Schlumberger Holdings Corporation  an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SLB (“SHC”)  has commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to an aggregate purchase price amount  inclu…,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:SLB (NYSE: SLB) today announced that Schlumberger Holdings Corporation  an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SLB (“SHC”)  has commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest (as defined below)  of $500 000 000 (such amount  as it may be amended  the “Maximum Purchase Price”) of the notes listed in the table below (the “Notes”). The offer to purchase the Notes is referred to herein as the “Offer.” The Offer is made upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase  dated November 21  2022 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time  the “Offer to Purchase”). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this press release have the meanings given to them in the Offer to Purchase.Title of Security CUSIP Numbers Acceptance Priority Level(1) Principal Amount Outstanding Early Tender Premium(2) Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page Fixed Spread (basis points)(3) 3.750% Senior Notes due 2024 806851AJ0 (144A) / U8066LAG9 (Reg S) 1 $750 000 000 $30 2.500% U.S. Treasury Notes due 04/30/2024 FIT 4 +20 4.000% Senior Notes due 2025 806851AG6 (144A) / U8066LAE4 (Reg S) 2 $932 597 000 $30 4.500% U.S. Treasury Notes due 11/15/2025 FIT 1 +55 3.900% Senior Notes due 2028 806851AK7 (144A) / U8066LAH7 (Reg S) 3 $1 500 000 000 $30 4.125% U.S. Treasury Notes due 10/31/2027 FIT 1 +110 4.300% Senior Notes due 2029 806851AH4 (144A) / U8066LAF1 (Reg S) 4 $850 000 000 $30 4.125% U.S. Treasury Notes due 11/15/2032 FIT 1 +150________________ (1) SHC will accept Notes in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Level specified in the table above (each  an “Acceptance Priority Level ” with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 4 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the terms and conditions described elsewhere in the Offer to Purchase  including the Maximum Purchase Price and proration. (2) For each $1 000 principal amount of Notes tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time (as defined below) and accepted for purchase. (3) The applicable Fixed Spread will be used to calculate the applicable Total Consideration (as defined below) payable for each series of Notes  which already includes the Early Tender Premium.All documentation relating to the Offer  including the Offer to Purchase  together with any updates  are available from the Tender and Information Agent (as defined below) and will also be available at the following website: http://www.dfking.com/slb.Details of the OfferThe Offer will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 19  2022 (unless the Offer is extended or terminated) (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Expiration Time”). To be eligible to receive the applicable Total Consideration  which includes the Early Tender Premium (as defined below)  Holders must validly tender and not validly withdraw their Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 5  2022 (unless the Offer is extended or terminated) (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Early Tender Time”). Holders who validly tender their Notes after the Early Tender Time and at or prior to the Expiration Time will be eligible to receive only the applicable Tender Offer Consideration  which is an amount equal to the applicable Total Consideration less the applicable Early Tender Premium.The settlement date for the Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Time and accepted for purchase will occur promptly following the Early Tender Time and is expected to be December 8  2022 (the “Early Settlement Date”). The settlement date for the Notes validly tendered after the Early Tender Time and accepted for purchase will occur promptly following the Expiration Time and is expected to be December 21  2022 (the “Final Settlement Date”). Holders who tender their Notes prior to the Early Tender Time may withdraw such Notes at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 5  2022.To be eligible to receive the applicable Tender Offer Consideration  Holders must validly tender and not validly withdraw their Notes at or prior to the Expiration Time. Holders who tender their Notes after the Early Tender Time and prior to the Expiration Time may not withdraw such Notes. The Offer is not conditioned on any minimum amount of Notes being tendered.All of the Notes are held in book-entry form through the facilities of DTC. If you desire to tender Notes held through DTC  you must transfer such Notes to the Tender and Information Agent through DTC’s Automated Tender Offer Program  for which the transaction will be eligible  in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase. There is no letter of transmittal for the Offer to Purchase. Any Holder who holds Notes through Clearstream Banking  société anonyme or Euroclear Bank SA/NV must comply with the applicable procedures of such clearing system. If a Holder holds Notes through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee or custodian  the Holder must contact them if they wish to tender their Notes.The “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of such series of Notes equal to an amount  calculated in accordance with the Offer to Purchase  that would reflect  as of the Early Settlement Date  a yield to the applicable par call date or maturity date (in accordance with market practice) of such series of Notes equal to the sum of (i) the Reference Yield for such series  determined at 10:00 a.m.  New York City time  on the business day following the Early Tender Time  plus (ii) the fixed spread applicable to such series  as set forth in the table above  in each case minus accrued interest from  and including  the immediately preceding interest payment date up to  but excluding  the Early Settlement Date. The “Reference Yield” means the yield based on the bid-side price of the reference security listed in the table above for such series. The “Repurchase Yield” is equal to the Reference Yield plus the Fixed Spread. The applicable Total Consideration includes the applicable early tender premium set forth in the table above (the “Early Tender Premium”).The “Tender Offer Consideration” payable for each series of Notes will be a price per $1 000 principal amount of such series of Notes equal to the applicable Total Consideration for that series of Notes minus the applicable Early Tender Premium.In addition to the Total Consideration or the Tender Offer Consideration (as applicable)  Holders whose Notes are accepted for purchase in the Offer will also be paid a cash amount equal to the accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes  from  and including  the immediately preceding interest payment date (a) up to  but excluding  the Early Settlement Date  payable on the Early Settlement Date or (b) up to  but excluding  the Final Settlement Date  payable on the Final Settlement Date  as applicable  rounded to the nearest cent per $1 000 principal amount of Notes (such cash amount  the “Accrued Interest”).Notes accepted for purchase will be accepted in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Levels (with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 4 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the limitation that Notes will only be purchased in an aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest  not exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price.Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any tendered Notes having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted  and all Notes validly tendered after the Early Tender Time having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted  in each case subject to the Maximum Purchase Price. Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Time will be accepted for purchase in priority to other Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time  even if such Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time have a higher Acceptance Priority Level than Notes tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Time. If the Offer is oversubscribed at the Early Tender Time  then SHC will announce promptly after the Early Tender Time that Notes tendered after the Early Tender Time will not be purchased pursuant to the Offer.Subject to any increase or decrease to the Maximum Purchase Price  if on the Early Settlement Date or the Final Settlement Date there are sufficient remaining funds to purchase some  but not all  of the remaining tendered Notes in any Acceptance Priority Level without exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price  SHC will accept for payment such tendered Notes on a prorated basis  with the proration factor for such Acceptance Priority Level depending on the aggregate principal amount of Notes of such Acceptance Priority Level validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. Each tender of Notes that is prorated will be rounded down to the nearest $1 000 principal amount of Notes. Depending on the proration factor applied  if the principal amount of Notes returned to a Holder as a result of proration would result in less than the minimum denomination of $2 000 principal amount of Notes being returned to such Holder  SHC will accept or reject all of such Holder’s validly tendered Notes.Furthermore  if Notes are validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to or at the Early Tender Time such that the aggregate purchase price amount  including premium but excluding any Accrued Interest  of such Notes  if purchased  would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price  Holders who validly tender Notes after the Early Tender Time will not have any of their Notes accepted for purchase regardless of the Acceptance Priority Level of such Notes unless SHC increases the Maximum Purchase Price. SHC reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to increase the Maximum Purchase Price  but there can be no assurance that it will do so.Subject to applicable law and limitations described in the Offer to Purchase  SHC expressly reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to amend  extend or  upon failure of any condition described in the Offer to Purchase to be satisfied or waived  to terminate the Offer at any time at or prior to the Expiration Time.SHC has retained Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to act as the Dealer Managers in connection with the Offer (collectively  the “Dealer Managers”). Questions regarding terms and conditions of the Offer should be directed to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. by calling toll free at (866) 627-0391 or collect at (212) 250-2955  or to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC by calling toll free at (866) 834-4666 or collect at (212) 834-3424.D.F. King & Co.  Inc. has been appointed as tender and information agent (the “Tender and Information Agent”) in connection with the Offer. Questions or requests for assistance in connection with the Offer or for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase  may be directed to D.F. King & Co.  Inc. by calling toll free (800) 290-6424 or collect at (212) 269-5550 or via e-mail at slb@dfking.com. You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. The Offer to Purchase can be accessed at the following website: http://www.dfking.com/slb.Neither this press release nor the Offer to Purchase  or the electronic transmission thereof  constitutes an offer to sell or buy Notes  as applicable  in any jurisdiction in which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation under applicable securities laws or otherwise. The distribution of this press release in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of their respective affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate (as the case may be) on behalf of SHC in such jurisdiction.About SLBSLB (NYSE: SLB) is a global technology company that drives energy innovation for a balanced planet. With a global footprint in more than 100 countries and employees representing almost twice as many nationalities  we work each day on innovating oil and gas  delivering digital at scale  decarbonizing industries  and developing and scaling new energy systems that accelerate the energy transition. Find out more at slb.com.Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws  which include any statements that are not historical facts. Such statements often contain words such as “expect ” “may ” “can ” “plan ” “potential ” “expectations ” “estimate ” “intend ” “anticipate ” “target ” “think ” “should ” “could ” “would ” “will ” “see ” “likely ” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements address matters that are  to varying degrees  uncertain  such as statements regarding the terms and timing for completion of the Offer  including the acceptance for purchase of any Notes validly tendered and the expected Expiration Time and Settlement Date thereof  and the consideration of the Tender Offer. SLB and SHC cannot give any assurance that such statements will prove correct. These statements are subject to  among other things  the risks and uncertainties detailed in SLB’s most recent Forms 10-K  10-Q  and 8-K filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of any such development changes)  or should SLB’s underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of November 21  2022  and SLB and SHC disclaim any intention or obligation to update publicly or revise such statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Debt Tender Offer', 'SLB', 'Security CUSIP Numbers Acceptance Priority Level', 'Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page', 'highest Acceptance Priority Level', 'lowest Acceptance Priority Level', 'New York City time', 'Outstanding Early Tender Premium', 'U.S. Treasury Notes', 'Automated Tender Offer Program', 'aggregate purchase price amount', 'applicable Tender Offer Consideration', 'applicable Total Consideration', 'Schlumberger Holdings Corporation', 'société anonyme', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Early Tender Time', 'Maximum Purchase Price', 'applicable Fixed Spread', 'Final Settlement Date', 'Reg S', 'commercial bank', 'Expiration Time', 'applicable procedures', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'owned subsidiary', 'Accrued Interest', 'press release', 'Principal Amount', 'basis points', 'Information Agent', 'following website', 'minimum amount', 'book-entry form', 'Clearstream Banking', 'clearing system', '4.000% Senior Notes', 'Capitalized terms', 'SLB', 'NYSE', 'SHC', 'cash', 'table', 'conditions', 'meanings', 'Title', 'FIT', 'accordance', 'proration', 'series', 'documentation', 'updates', 'Details', 'December', 'same', 'Holders', 'facilities', 'DTC', 'transaction', 'letter', 'transmittal', 'broker', 'dealer', '3.', '2028', '11:59', '5:00']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13557,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,As Euroclear becomes a #digital and #data enabled #FMI  the role of data #Innovation is fundamental to our evolutio… https://t.co/rv442w7lZg,nan,As Euroclear becomes a #digital and #data enabled #FMI  the role of data #Innovation is fundamental to our evolutio… https://t.co/rv442w7lZg,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'role', 'data', 'evolutio', 'Euroclear', 'role', 'data', 'evolutio']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13558,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Evolution and revolution in global remittances #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rhwfiFWJT7 #regtech,nan,Evolution and revolution in global remittances #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rhwfiFWJT7 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['global remittances', 'Evolution', 'Fintech', 'global remittances', 'Evolution', 'Fintech']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13559,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Community Banker of the Year: Cape Cod 5's Dorothy Savarese #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BebxbIjb5b #regtech,nan,Community Banker of the Year: Cape Cod 5's Dorothy Savarese #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BebxbIjb5b #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Community Banker', 'Cape Cod', 'Dorothy Savarese', 'Year', 'Community Banker', 'Cape Cod', 'Dorothy Savarese', 'Year']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,Unknown
13560,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New York Fed advances tests of CBDCs for cross-border payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DjFxLYyTy3 #regtech,nan,New York Fed advances tests of CBDCs for cross-border payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DjFxLYyTy3 #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['New York Fed', 'cross-border payments', 'tests', 'CBDCs', 'regtech', 'New York Fed', 'cross-border payments', 'tests', 'CBDCs', 'regtech']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,Unknown
13561,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Why zero trust security is central to operational resilience – and regulatory compliance #AAA Websites Euroclear Fi… https://t.co/f1ZzWQnJHS,nan,Why zero trust security is central to operational resilience – and regulatory compliance #AAA Websites Euroclear Fi… https://t.co/f1ZzWQnJHS,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['zero trust security', 'operational resilience', 'regulatory compliance', 'zero trust security', 'operational resilience', 'regulatory compliance']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,Unknown
13562,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Well this is a great way to kick off our day! Thanks to @TechUpYourLife for naming our ClearStream Eclipse the best… https://t.co/2HHLTbbIdA,nan,Well this is a great way to kick off our day! Thanks to @TechUpYourLife for naming our ClearStream Eclipse the best… https://t.co/2HHLTbbIdA,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['great way', 'ClearStream Eclipse', 'day', 'great way', 'ClearStream Eclipse', 'day']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13563,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/breakingviews/hong-kongs-crypto-push-sets-up-race-bottom-2022-11-22/,Hong Kong's crypto push sets up race to bottom,Few cities in the world have expressed a desire to throw open cryptocurrency trading to retail investors since the devastating collapse of Sam Bankman-Fried's exchange. That puts Hong Kong in a league of its own.,HONG KONG  Nov 22 (Reuters Breakingviews) - Few cities in the world have expressed a desire to throw open cryptocurrency trading to retail investors since the devastating collapse of Sam Bankman-Fried’s exchange. That puts Hong Kong in a league of its own.Its financial secretary  Paul Chan  effectively committed to pressing ahead with a plan to develop the Asian financial centre into a virtual assets hub in his official blog last week. It is also eye-catching because it follows Beijing’s sweeping ban in 2021 on all cryptocurrency transactions in mainland China. And while many big global crypto companies got their start in Hong Kong  regulatory ambiguity and strict rules limiting trading to institutional investors prompted some to move  including FTX  which left for the Bahamas.Its vision is not groundbreaking. Under a policy shift last month  Hong Kong officials said the Securities and Futures Commission will conduct a public consultation on how retail investors can be given a “suitable degree of access” with a new licensing regime  and the SFC also said it was looking at allowing ETFs exposed to Bitcoin and Ether futures traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Germany’s Deutsche Boerse has offered investors access to exchange-traded notes tracking cryptocurrencies since June 2020.Yet the big U-turn feeds into a growing rivalry with Singapore to lure capital and wealthy technology entrepreneurs. The Lion City has had some form of cryptocurrency regulation since 2020 and its biggest bank  DBS Group (DBSM.SI)  has championed a digital exchange for its clients gradually expanding access to the mass affluent. While Singapore’s central bank reminded the public on Monday that cryptocurrencies can lose all their value  it also re-upped its recent proposals on basic investor protections on companies licensed to operate in the city state.Both hubs are trying to tap demand in the region. According to Chainalysis  cryptocurrency values received by internet addresses in Singapore reached $100 billion in the year to June 2022  with Hong Kong not too far behind at around $70 billion. It builds on an outsized enthusiasm for digital assets across the region – an aspired-to catchment area for both cities. The blockchain analysis firm lists Asian countries in six of the top 10 globally for cryptocurrency adoption in 2022 including India and China.The competitive tension between Hong Kong and Singapore is greater than ever. The danger is that Hong Kong’s new embrace of virtual assets will set up a regulatory race to the bottom  even if FTX’s collapse means it might happen at a slower pace.Follow @t__shum and @PranavKiranBV on TwitterCONTEXT NEWSHong Kong’s Financial Secretary Paul Chan reiterated the city’s commitment to becoming a virtual asset hub in a blog post on Nov. 13  two days after cryptocurrency exchange FTX filed for bankruptcy protection in the United States.The Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau on Oct. 31 said the Securities and Futures Commission will conduct a public consultation on how retail investors may be given “a suitable degree of access” to virtual assets under a planned new licensing framework for the industry. The policy statement notes that retail investors in other markets have been granted exposure to virtual assets including through exchange-traded products.Separately  the Monetary Authority of Singapore on Nov. 21 said “the most important lesson from the FTX debacle is that dealing in any cryptocurrency  on any platform  is hazardous”. It added that FTX was not licensed in the city state and there was no evidence it was specifically soliciting Singapore users. MAS reiterated its recent publication of a consultation paper proposing basic investor protection measures for cryptocurrency companies that are licensed to operate in Singapore.Column by Thomas Shum in Hong Kong  Pranav Kiran in Bengaluru. Editing by Una Galani and Katrina HamlinOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.Opinions expressed are those of the author. They do not reflect the views of Reuters News  which  under the Trust Principles  is committed to integrity  independence  and freedom from bias.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['Hong Kong', 'crypto push', 'race', 'bottom', 'many big global crypto companies', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'basic investor protection measures', 'Financial Secretary Paul Chan', 'basic investor protections', 'The Financial Services', 'wealthy technology entrepreneurs', 'blockchain analysis firm', 'new licensing regime', 'The Lion City', 'new licensing framework', 'Asian financial centre', 'virtual asset hub', 'Chicago Mercantile Exchange', 'virtual assets hub', 'Hong Kong officials', 'open cryptocurrency trading', 'big U-turn', 'Reuters Breakingviews', 'bankruptcy protection', 'Reuters News', 'new embrace', 'cryptocurrency companies', 'Asian countries', 'digital assets', 'Sam Bankman-Fried', 'official blog', 'sweeping ban', 'cryptocurrency transactions', 'regulatory ambiguity', 'strict rules', 'policy shift', 'Futures Commission', 'suitable degree', 'Ether futures', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'traded notes', 'growing rivalry', 'cryptocurrency regulation', 'biggest bank', 'DBS Group', 'DBSM.SI', 'digital exchange', 'mass affluent', 'central bank', 'recent proposals', 'city state', 'cryptocurrency values', 'internet addresses', 'outsized enthusiasm', 'catchment area', 'cryptocurrency adoption', 'competitive tension', 'regulatory race', 'slower pace', 'CONTEXT NEWS', 'blog post', 'cryptocurrency exchange', 'United States', 'Treasury Bureau', 'policy statement', 'other markets', 'exchange-traded products', 'Monetary Authority', 'important lesson', 'recent publication', 'consultation paper', 'Thomas Shum', 'Pranav Kiran', 'Una Galani', 'Katrina Hamlin', 'retail investors', 'institutional investors', 'public consultation', 'Few cities', 'devastating collapse', 'mainland China', 'FTX debacle', 'Singapore users', 'world', 'desire', 'league', 'plan', 'Beijing', 'start', 'Bahamas', 'vision', 'Securities', 'access', 'SFC', 'ETFs', 'Bitcoin', 'Germany', 'cryptocurrencies', 'June', 'capital', 'form', 'clients', 'Monday', 'hubs', 'demand', 'region', 'Chainalysis', 'year', 'India', 'danger', 'bottom', 'Twitter', 'commitment', 'Nov.', 'Oct.', 'industry', 'exposure', 'evidence', 'Column', 'Bengaluru', 'Editing', 'Standards', 'Opinions', 'integrity', 'independence', 'freedom', 'bias']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,reuters.com
13564,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB 1 (Deutsche Börse) vs. #DAX (Monthly) is #Bullish above the green monthly kumo &amp; in the upper part of the orang… https://t.co/gEpV2f2UWk,nan,$DB 1 (Deutsche Börse) vs. #DAX (Monthly) is #Bullish above the green monthly kumo &amp; in the upper part of the orang… https://t.co/gEpV2f2UWk,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'green monthly kumo', 'upper part', 'orang', 'Deutsche Börse', 'green monthly kumo', 'upper part', 'orang']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13565,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dbv-technologies-participate-upcoming-investor-213000668.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference,Montrouge  France  November 22  2022 DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345...,DBV Technologies S.A.Montrouge  France  November 22  2022DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor ConferenceDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced its participation in the 5th Annual Evercore ISI HealthCONx Conference taking place Nov. 29 – Dec. 1  2022. Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer  will participate in a Fireside Chat session on Wednesday  Nov. 30  at 8 a.m. ET  as well as one-on-one investor meetings throughout the day.A live webcast of the fireside chat will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://wsw.com/webcast/evercore29/dbvt/2371680.A replay will also be available on DBV Technologies’ website for 90 days after the event.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.53,0.17,0.29,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'DBV Technologies', '5th Annual Evercore ISI HealthCONx Conference', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'DBV Technologies S.A.', 'Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'food allergic patients', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'broad potential applications', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operations', 'one investor meetings', 'one ordinary share', 'Fireside Chat session', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'DBV Technologies’ website', 'global headquarters', 'Investor Contact', 'ordinary shares', 'Daniel Tassé', 'live webcast', 'Media section', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'intact skin', 'new class', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'Media Contact', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Anne Pollak', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'Angela Marcucci', '8 a', 'Viaskin™', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'November', 'DBVT', 'participation', 'place', 'Dec.', 'Wednesday', 'Nov.', 'Investors', 'replay', '90 days', 'event', 'EPIT™', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'trademarks', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alliancebernstein-societe-generale-announce-plan-072000968.html,ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN AND SOCIETE GENERALE ANNOUNCE PLAN TO FORM JOINT VENTURE TO ACCELERATE GROWTH IN CASH EQUITIES,AllianceBernstein (NYSE: AB)  a leading global investment management and research firm  and Societe Generale (EURONEXT: GLE)  a leading European bank...,"The joint venture would combine Bernstein Research Services' premier global equity research and execution platform with Societe Generale's equity research and execution capabilities to form a leading global cash equities and equity research businessNASHVILLE  Tenn. and PARIS  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- AllianceBernstein (NYSE: AB)  a leading global investment management and research firm  and Societe Generale (EURONEXT: GLE)  a leading European bank  announced today their plans to form a joint venture combining their cash equities and equity research businesses.For both Bernstein Research's and Societe Generale's clients  including institutional investors and corporate and financial institution issuers  this new joint venture would offer a comprehensive global suite of world-class services across cash equities and research  combined with Societe Generale's integrated equity capital markets  equity derivatives and prime services platforms. The joint venture would provide premier investment insights into the American  European and Asia Pacific equity markets  in addition to unparalleled liquidity access and leading global trading technology. The merged entities would bring complementary strengths and a shared vision of a leading full-service equity brokerage business to support the needs of global investor and issuer clients.Bernstein Research and Societe Generale are committed to fostering a strong cultural identity for the joint venture  building on Bernstein Research's long-standing history of renowned fundamental research and both organizations' innovative quantitative approaches that have been core to their success. This new joint venture aims to expand these strengths and bring in new and unique perspectives  expertise and insights to better serve its clients.Societe Generale intends to take a 51% interest in the joint venture  with an option to reach 100% ownership after five years (1). The business would be run as a long-term partnership under the Bernstein name  headquartered in London. Upon closing  Robert van Brugge  CEO of Bernstein Research  would become CEO of the new entity for an initial term of five years  and Stephane Loiseau  Head of Societe Generale's cash equities business  would become Deputy CEO.Story continues""In Societe Generale  we have a strategic partner who is committed to strengthening and growing our world-class cash equities and research business "" said Seth Bernstein  AllianceBernstein's President and CEO.""This partnership with one of the most recognized firms in research and cash equities  combined with our global leadership in equity derivatives  would create an indisputable leader across the equity business for the benefit of our issuer and investor clients "" added Slawomir Krupa  Head of Global Banking and Investor Solutions  Societe Generale.""This partnership gives us the opportunity to participate in the high added value segments of the global equities business "" said Robert van Brugge. ""And  importantly  it would also allow us to preserve and expand our firms' unique strengths  expertise  and cultures "" added Stephane Loiseau.The proposed transaction has received the support of Societe Generale's and AllianceBernstein's Boards of Directors. The closing is expected to occur before the end of 2023. The transaction is subject to workers council consultation  approval of regulators  and customary closing conditions. AllianceBernstein and Societe Generale will work closely together to ensure a smooth transition for their staff  clients  and partners.An equalization payment from Societe Generale to AllianceBernstein would occur at the close of the transaction.As AllianceBernstein will own less than 50% of the joint venture  AllianceBernstein anticipates deconsolidating Bernstein Research from its financial statements following the close of the transaction. The deconsolidation is expected to have a modestly positive impact on AllianceBernstein's operating margin. The planned joint venture is not expected to have an impact on AllianceBernstein's asset management business or Bernstein Private Wealth Management's business.Ardea Partners served as financial advisor and Latham & Watkins LLP served as legal counsel to AB.The joint venture would be 100% consolidated by Societe Generale from an accounting and regulatory perspective. A call option would be granted to Societe Generale to purchase the 49% owned by AllianceBernstein and reciprocally  a put option would be granted to AllianceBernstein to sell its 49% to Societe Generale as of the 5th anniversary of the closing date  and for a one-month period each successive year thereafter.About AllianceBernsteinAllianceBernstein is a leading global investment management firm that offers high-quality research and diversified investment services to institutional investors  individuals  and private wealth clients in major world markets. As of October 31  2022  AllianceBernstein had $627B in assets under management. Additional information about AllianceBernstein may be found on our website  www.alliancebernstein.com.About Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world's societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses: French Retail Banking; International Retail Banking  Insurance & Financial Services; and Global Banking & Investor Solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can visit our website www.societegenerale.com.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alliancebernstein-and-societe-generale-announce-plan-to-form-joint-venture-to-accelerate-growth-in-cash-equities-301684618.htmlSOURCE AllianceBernstein",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['SOCIETE GENERALE ANNOUNCE PLAN', 'JOINT VENTURE', 'ACCELERATE GROWTH', 'CASH EQUITIES', 'ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN', 'leading full-service equity brokerage business', 'leading global investment management firm', 'high added value segments', 'leading global trading technology', 'integrated equity capital markets', 'Asia Pacific equity markets', 'leading global cash equities', 'Bernstein Private Wealth Management', 'premier global equity research', 'leading European bank', 'major world markets', 'diversified investment services', 'comprehensive global suite', 'premier investment insights', 'unparalleled liquidity access', 'strong cultural identity', 'innovative quantitative approaches', 'Robert van Brugge', 'workers council consultation', 'asset management business', 'prime services platforms', 'private wealth clients', 'global equities business', 'equity research businesses', 'financial institution issuers', 'renowned fundamental research', 'cash equities business', 'world-class cash equities', 'customary closing conditions', 'Bernstein Research Services', 'new joint venture', 'research firm', 'equity business', 'global investor', 'global leadership', 'Global Banking', 'world-class services', 'equity derivatives', 'American, European', 'Bernstein name', 'Seth Bernstein', 'financial statements', 'financial advisor', 'new entity', 'high-quality research', 'execution platform', 'Societe Generale', 'execution capabilities', 'institutional investors', 'merged entities', 'standing history', 'unique perspectives', 'five years', 'initial term', 'Stephane Loiseau', 'strategic partner', 'indisputable leader', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'Investor Solutions', 'smooth transition', 'equalization payment', 'operating margin', 'Watkins LLP', 'legal counsel', 'regulatory perspective', '5th anniversary', 'one-month period', 'Additional information', 'closing date', 'complementary strengths', 'investor clients', 'unique strengths', 'call option', 'put option', 'recognized firms', 'positive impact', 'Ardea Partners', 'long-term partnership', 'Deputy CEO', 'issuer clients', 'NASHVILLE', 'Tenn.', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'AllianceBernstein', 'NYSE', 'EURONEXT', 'GLE', 'plans', 'corporate', 'vision', 'needs', 'success', 'expertise', '51% interest', '100% ownership', 'London', 'Head', 'President', 'benefit', 'opportunity', 'cultures', 'transaction', 'support', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'end', 'approval', 'regulators', 'staff', 'close', 'less', 'deconsolidation', 'Latham', 'AB.', 'accounting', 'individuals', 'October', 'assets', 'website', '2023']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/publication-offering-circular-relation-merger-063000193.html,PUBLICATION OF THE OFFERING CIRCULAR IN RELATION TO THE MERGER BETWEEN DSM AND FIRMENICH AND THE LISTING OF DSM-FIRMENICH ON EURONEXT AMSTERDAM,DSM and Firmenich jointly announce the launch of the Exchange Offer as part of their merger of equals to create DSM-Firmenich. The two companies will hold a ...,"THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR GENERAL RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD VIOLATE APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONSThis is a joint press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM)  Firmenich International SA (Firmenich) and Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (the Company) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by the Company for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (each such share  a DSM Ordinary Share) (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to the provisions of Article 4 paragraph 1  Article 10 paragraph 1 sub c and paragraph 3 and Article 18 paragraph 3 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree)  and the admission to listing and trading of up to 174 786 029 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company with a nominal value of €0.01 each (each a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share) on Euronext Amsterdam (Euronext Amsterdam)  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (the Admission). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM Ordinary Shares (a DSM Shareholder)  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the Offering Circular (as defined below).ADVERTISEMENT. This announcement is an advertisement relating to the intention of the Company to proceed with the Exchange Offer and the Admission. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus. This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute  or form part of  an offer by  or invitation by or on behalf of  the Company or any representative of the Company to purchase any securities  or an offer to sell or issue  or the solicitation to buy  securities by any person in any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the applicable laws or regulations of such jurisdiction. Further details about the Offering and the Admission are included in the offering circular  which constitutes an offer memorandum (biedingsbericht) for the purpose of the Exchange Offer and a prospectus for the purposes of the Admission and the Exchange Offer and is approved as such under the respective regulations by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the AFM) on 22 November 2022 and available as of today (the Offering Circular). The Offering Circular has been published and made available at no cost through the corporate website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com)  subject to securities law restrictions in the United States. An offer to acquire DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Exchange Offer is made  and any potential investor should make their investment decision  solely on the basis of information that is contained in the Offering Circular. Potential investors should read the Offering Circular before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares. The approval of the Offering Circular by the AFM should not be understood as an endorsement of the quality of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares and the Company.Story continuesKAISERAUGST  Switzerland and HEERLEN  Netherlands and GENEVA  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- DSM and Firmenich jointly announce the launch of the Exchange Offer as part of their merger of equals to create DSM-Firmenich. The two companies will hold a joint webcast today for analysts and investors to provide an update on the progress made so far as well as a trading update for Firmenich for the period July to September 2022.A short online presentation will be given by DSM's Co-CEOs Geraldine Matchett and Dimitri de Vreeze  and Firmenich CEO Gilbert Ghostine at 12:00 CET followed by a live stream Q&A session: https://kvgo.com/corporate-services/DSM-Firmenich.Geraldine Matchett and Dimitri de Vreeze  Co-CEOs of DSM  commented: ""We are entering the exciting next phase as we look to bring together DSM and Firmenich's complementary capabilities  likeminded and passionate people  and unite the heritages of two great and historic companies. DSM-Firmenich is set to become the leading creation and innovation partner in nutrition  beauty and well-being  capable of delivering enhanced growth and shareholder value creation through strong growth synergies  as well as an enhanced customer offering and an even greater positive impact across the world.""Gilbert Ghostine  CEO of Firmenich  added: ""This merger is a transformational moment for the history of both businesses. DSM-Firmenich will be a global-scale partner  uniquely positioned to anticipate and better address the evolving needs of consumers by unlocking opportunities for our customers  and our people. Our two companies have an unrelenting commitment to their role in society with ESG at the core of everything we do  and I firmly believe that DSM-Firmenich will have a positive and measurable impact on people  climate and nature.""Key takeawaysThe AFM has approved the Offering Circular  enabling the Company to formally launch the Exchange Offer as part of the merger of equals between DSM and Firmenich to create DSM-Firmenich.The Acceptance Period begins at 09.00 hours CET on 23 November 2022 and expires at 17:40 hours CET on 31 January 2023  unless extended.Under the Exchange Offer  the DSM Shareholders will be entitled  subject to certain terms and conditions  to exchange each DSM Ordinary Share they hold for one newly issued DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share (the Offer Consideration ).Following the transfer of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered under the Exchange Offer against payment of the Offer Consideration ( Settlement ) and the Admission  all issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of Firmenich will be contributed to the Company against payment of an amount in cash and the issuance of DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (the Firmenich Contribution ) (together with the Admission and the Exchange Offer referred to as the Transactions ) to establish DSM-Firmenich  which will be a new  dynamic creation and innovation partner in nutrition  beauty and well-being.The managing board of DSM and the supervisory board of DSM (the DSM Boards ) unanimously support the Transactions and recommend the Exchange Offer to the DSM Shareholders for acceptance. The board of directors of Firmenich unanimously supports and recommends the Transactions. The Firmenich shareholders have approved the Transactions.DSM today issued a position statement setting out its position on the Exchange Offer (the Position Statement ) and a convocation notice (including the agenda and explanatory notes thereto) to the DSM Shareholders (the DSM Convocation Notice ) in relation to the extraordinary general meeting of the DSM Shareholders (the DSM EGM ) on 23 January 2023  at which the Transactions  including the Exchange Offer  will be discussed and the DSM Shareholders will be requested to vote in favour of  amongst other things  approving the Transactions. The Position Statement and the DSM Convocation Notice are available on www.creator-innovator.com.Additional material on today's announcement and the Transactions can be found on the transaction website: www.creator-innovator.com.With reference to the press releases by DSM and Firmenich dated 31 May 2022  13 June 2022 and 28 June 2022  and the publication of the Offering Circular today  the Company  DSM and Firmenich jointly announce that the Company is making a recommended exchange offer to all DSM Shareholders to acquire their DSM Ordinary Shares in exchange for the Offer Consideration. Terms not defined in this press release will have the meaning as set forth in the Offering Circular.Transaction highlightsDSM and Firmenich entered into a business combination agreement to establish DSM-Firmenich  a new  dynamic creation and innovation partner in nutrition  beauty and well-being through a merger of equals (the Merger ).The Merger is to be effected through the Exchange Offer and the Firmenich Contribution.The business operations of the Company and its affiliates ( DSM-Firmenich ) will be organized in four businesses  being Perfumery & Beauty  Food & Beverage / Taste & Beyond  Health  Nutrition & Care and Animal Nutrition & Health  each with strong market positions and well-established to address emerging consumer trends.DSM has undertaken to procure that each member of the DSM Boards will tender their DSM Ordinary Shares directly or indirectly held or subsequently acquired by such member under the Exchange Offer and vote his or her DSM Ordinary Shares in favour of the resolutions with respect to the Transactions (the Transaction Resolutions ) at the DSM EGM.DSM has undertaken to tender under the Exchange Offer part of the DSM Ordinary Shares it holds in treasury.The central works council and European works council of DSM (the DSM Employee Representative Bodies ) have been informed about the Transactions  including the Exchange Offer  and the recommendation of the DSM Boards. The central works council has given a positive advice.The Exchange Offer and the respective obligations of the Company  DSM and Firmenich to effect the Transactions  and for DSM to ensure that the Company effects the Transactions and declares the Exchange Offer unconditional  is subject to the fulfilment of the conditions as set out in the Offering Circular (the Transaction Conditions ).The Exchange Offer is subject to a minimum acceptance level of 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital as at the Acceptance Closing Date. This percentage will be automatically adjusted to 80% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital as at the Acceptance Closing Date if the Transaction Resolutions have been adopted and are in full force and effect on the Acceptance Closing Date.Completion of the Transactions is currently expected in Q1 2023.Strategic rationaleThe Merger will bring together Firmenich's industry-leading Perfumery and Taste businesses and associated co-creation capabilities  with DSM's Health and Nutrition portfolio and renowned scientific expertise.The successful track-records of DSM and Firmenich of investing in and delivering ground-breaking innovations that create and reshape markets for growth will be combined in DSM-Firmenich. DSM-Firmenich will operate at the highest safety and quality standards  with strong regional manufacturing presence ensuring supply continuity  resilience and trust for its customers.DSM-Firmenich will be well positioned to accelerate growth by addressing shifts in consumer preferences and customer needs driven by global trends such as climate change  accessible nutrition  inequalities  and hygiene and sanitation. These shifts drive consumer preferences for health and sustainability benefits whilst enjoying superior experiences in areas such as taste and fragrance. As a market-leader with enhanced creation and application capabilities  DSM-Firmenich will be able to serve both global and local customers  informed by local consumer preferences  across regional and local hubs around the world. Opportunities from new pioneering and complementary digitally-powered business models will build upon the 125+ year heritages of each DSM and Firmenich in purpose-led scientific discovery and innovation.DSM-Firmenich will also bring together DSM's and Firmenich's relentless commitment to sustainability and traceability across the value chain  and in doing so help to drive environmental  social and governance leadership globally. Sustainability considerations have long been embedded within both DSM's and Firmenich's strategies and DSM-Firmenich will bring together two companies with shared values and longstanding action on climate change  embracing nature and care for people.The compelling strategic rationale for this Merger is further supported by the opportunity to accelerate growth  delivering earnings accretion and long-term value to all stakeholders.Recommendation by the DSM BoardsIn accordance with their fiduciary duties and after having reviewed  with the support of their legal and financial advisers  the terms of the Exchange Offer and having taken the interest of all DSM's stakeholders into account  the DSM Boards on the basis of the terms of the Exchange Offer as set out in the Offering Circular unanimously determined that the Exchange Offer is in the best interest of the DSM Group  and promotes the sustainable success of its business  taking into account the interest of all stakeholders.Both J.P. Morgan Securities plc (J.P. Morgan) and Centerview Partners UK LLP (Centerview) delivered a Fairness Opinion to the DSM Boards  expressing that as of 30 May 2022 and subject to the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and qualifications and limitations as set out in each opinion  (i) the Offer Consideration provided for pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement  is fair from a financial point of view to the holders of DSM Ordinary Shares other than excluded shares (as defined in the Fairness Opinions) and (ii) the Share Sale Consideration (as defined below) to be paid to DSM Holdco in the proposed Share Sale in connection with the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation as provided for in the Business Combination Agreement is fair from a financial point of view to DSM Holdco.Based on the above  the DSM Boards unanimously (i) support the Transactions  (ii) recommend that the DSM Shareholders accept the Exchange Offer and tender their DSM Ordinary Shares in the Exchange Offer and (iii) recommend to the DSM Shareholders to vote in favour of the Transaction Resolutions at the DSM EGM.Please refer to the Position Statement for further details. The Position Statement can be found on www.creator-innovator.com.Recommendation by Firmenich's board of directors and Firmenich shareholder approvalThe Board of Directors of Firmenich unanimously supports and recommends the Transactions. The Firmenich shareholders have approved the Transactions.Advice DSM Employee Representative BodiesThe DSM Employee Representative Bodies have been informed about the Transactions  including the Exchange Offer  and the recommendation of the DSM Boards. The central works council has given a positive advice.Irrevocable undertakings of DSMUnder the Business Combination Agreement  DSM has undertaken  amongst other things  to (i) procure that each member of the DSM Boards will (a) tender the DSM Ordinary Shares directly or indirectly held or subsequently acquired by such member under the Exchange Offer and (b) vote his or her DSM Ordinary Shares in favour of the Transaction Resolutions  and (ii) tender in the Exchange Offer during the initial Acceptance Period such number of DSM Ordinary Shares held in treasury by it as is equal to the number of Net Dilutive Instruments. Furthermore  DSM has undertaken to cancel all DSM Ordinary Shares that DSM holds after completion of the tendering by DSM of the DSM Ordinary Shares held in treasury  effective upon the settlement of the DSM Ordinary Shares tendered in the Exchange Offer during the initial Acceptance Period.The DSM Ordinary Shares that will be tendered by the members of the DSM Boards and DSM constitute approximately one percent of the issued share capital of DSM.The members of the DSM Boards did not receive any information relevant for a DSM Shareholder in connection with the Exchange Offer that is not included in the Offering Circular and will tender their DSM Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer under the same terms and conditions as the other DSM Shareholders.Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of DSMDSM today issued the Position Statement and the Convocation Notice in relation to the DSM EGM on 23 January 2023. The DSM EGM will commence at 14.00 hours CET. DSM Shareholders may attend physically or virtually.In accordance with the provisions of Article 18  paragraph 1 of the Decree  the Exchange Offer will be discussed and recommended to the DSM Shareholders for acceptance and the DSM Shareholders will be requested to vote in favour of the Transaction Resolutions at the DSM EGM.The Position Statement provides further information to the DSM Shareholders as required pursuant to Article 18  paragraph 2 of the Decree.The Position Statement and the DSM Convocation Notice (including the agenda for the DSM EGM and explanatory notes thereto) are made available on www.creator-innovator.com as of today.AdvisorsJ.P. Morgan and Centerview are acting as financial advisors to DSM. Goldman Sachs International and BDT & Company Europe GmbH are acting as financial advisors to Firmenich.ABN AMRO Bank N.V. is acting as Settlement Agent and Listing and Paying Agent.Allen & Overy LLP and WalderWyss Ltd. are acting as legal advisors to DSM. Stibbe N.V.  Bär & Karrer Ltd.  Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP and Oberson Abels SA are acting as legal advisors to Firmenich.The offerorsPursuant to Article 1:1 of the Wft  each of the Company  Firmenich and DSM will qualify as an offeror in respect of the Exchange Offer.The Exchange OfferThe Company is making a voluntary public exchange offer (openbaar ruilbod) to the DSM Shareholders  to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares in exchange for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares for the Offer Consideration (1:1 exchange ratio) on the terms and subject to the conditions and restrictions set forth in section 14 (The Exchange Offer) of the Offering Circular.The DSM Shareholders  subject to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer  will have the ability to tender up to 100% of their DSM Ordinary Shares in the Exchange Offer.The Exchange Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions as set out in section 14.13 (The Transaction Conditions) of the Offering Circular  including an acceptance threshold of 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  which will be adjusted to 80% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  if the Transaction Resolutions have been adopted and are in full force and effect on the Acceptance Closing Date.Corporate governance and dual headquarter structureAs of the Settlement Date  the Company will have a two-tier management structure consisting of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. The Board of Directors is the highest executive oversight body of the Company and has the ultimate responsibility for all matters not expressly reserved to other corporate bodies of the Company. The Board of Directors delegates the management of the Company's business to the Executive Committee  led by the co-CEOs.As of the Settlement Date  the Board of Directors will be composed of Thomas Leysen  Patrick Firmenich  Erica Mann  Corien Wortmann-Kool  André Pometta  Antoine Firmenich  Richard Ridinger  Pradeep Pant  Frits van Paasschen  John Ramsay and Carla Mahieu. It is expected that one additional board member will be appointed together with the other board members. Thomas Leysen will be the chairman and Patrick Firmenich will be the deputy chair.As of the Settlement Date  the Executive Committee will be composed of Dimitri de Vreeze  Geraldine Matchett  Emmanuel Butstraen  Sarah Reisinger  Ilaria Resta  Patrick Niels  Philip Eykerman  Ivo Lansbergen  Jane Sinclair and Mieke Van de Capelle. Dimitri de Vreeze and Geraldine Matchett will be the co-CEOs.As soon as practicable after the Settlement Date  but by the Contribution Completion  the Board of Directors is expected to have a compensation committee  a nomination committee  a finance  audit and risk committee and a governance and sustainability committee. As long as at least two Firmenich Nominated Directors are on the Board of Directors  the Nomination Committee shall be chaired by a Firmenich Nominated Director and each standing board committee shall have one (but not more than one) Firmenich Nominated Director.In order to facilitate the integration of DSM's and Firmenich's businesses  DSM and Firmenich agreed to establish an integration committee as of the Contribution Completion Date consisting of four members (two representatives of each of DSM and Firmenich (the Integration Committee)). The Integration Committee will draw up an integration plan and submit it through the Executive Committee to the entire Board of Directors  monitor its implementation and do all things necessary to assist the integration of the two companies and to optimise the benefits of the Merger for DSM-Firmenich  including identifying and delivering cost savings  synergies and growth opportunities. The Integration Committee shall discuss the status and progress of the implementation of the integration plan and related topics on a regular basis. Shortly after signing the Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with strict legal guidelines  an interim integration committee was established (called the integration management office)  led by Emmanuel Butstraen  to plan for and prepare the integration to ensure synergies are achieved post-closing.Effective as from the Contribution Completion Date  the Company will have a dual headquarter structure  with a headquarter  statutory seat and exclusive tax residence in Kaiseraugst  Switzerland  and a headquarter located in Heerlen  the Netherlands  and later Maastricht  the Netherlands.Acceptance PeriodThe Acceptance Period under the Exchange Offer begins at 09.00 hours CET on Wednesday 23 November 2022  and expires at 17:40 hours CET on Tuesday 31 January 2023 (the Initial Acceptance Closing Date)  unless extended in accordance with Article 15 of the Decree. If all Transaction Conditions are satisfied or  if and to the extent permitted  waived  the Company will accept all DSM Ordinary Shares that have been validly tendered  or defectively tendered provided that such defect has been waived by the Company  and not previously validly withdrawn on the terms of the Exchange Offer in accordance with the procedures set out in the Offering Circular (each a Tendered Share).Any Tendered Share tendered on or prior to the Acceptance Closing Date may not be withdrawn  subject to the withdrawal rights set forth in section 14.17 (Withdrawal rights) of the Offering Circular.Extension of the Acceptance PeriodIf one or more of the Transaction Conditions is not satisfied by the Initial Acceptance Closing Date or  to the extent permitted  waived and each Transaction Condition is at such time capable of being satisfied  then  unless DSM and Firmenich jointly decide otherwise  the Company shall and DSM shall cause the Company to  extend the Acceptance Period no less than two weeks and no more than ten weeks  calculated from the Initial Acceptance Closing Date.Any subsequent extension shall be subject to the receipt of an exemption granted by the AFM under specific circumstances pursuant to Article 5:81  paragraph 3 and Article 5:76  paragraph 2  sub a of the Wft.Acceptance by DSM ShareholdersAcceptance by DSM Shareholders through Admitted InstitutionsDSM Shareholders who hold their DSM Ordinary Shares through an institution admitted to Euronext Amsterdam and/or Euroclear Nederland (aangesloten instelling) (an Admitted Institution) are requested to make their acceptance known through their bank or stockbroker no later than the Closing Time. The custodian  bank or stockbroker may set an earlier deadline for communication by the DSM Shareholders in order to permit the custodian  bank or stockbroker to communicate its acceptances to the Settlement Agent in a timely manner. Accordingly  the DSM Shareholders holding DSM Ordinary Shares through a financial intermediary should comply with the dates communicated by such financial intermediary  as such dates may differ from and be earlier than the dates and times noted in the Offering Circular.Admitted Institutions may tender DSM Ordinary Shares for acceptance only to the Settlement Agent and only in writing. The Admitted Institutions are requested to tender the DSM Ordinary Shares via Euroclear Nederland (via Swift message MT565). In submitting the acceptance  Admitted Institutions are required to declare that (i) they have the Tendered Shares in their administration  (ii) each DSM Shareholder who accepts the Exchange Offer irrevocably represents and warrants that (A) the Tendered Shares are being tendered in compliance with the restrictions set out in sections 14.35 (Notice to DSM Shareholders in certain jurisdictions) and 16 (Restrictions) of the Offering Circular and (B) it is not the subject or target  directly or indirectly  of any economic or financial sanctions administered or enforced by any agency of the U.S. government  the European Union  any member state thereof  or the United Nations  other than solely by virtue of its inclusion in  or ownership by a person included in  the U.S. ""Sectoral Sanctions Identifications (SSI) List"" or Annex III  IV  V or VI of Council Regulation (EU) No. 833/2014 of 31 July 2014  as amended  and (iii) they undertake to effect the transfer (levering) of these Tendered Shares to the Company prior to or ultimately on the Settlement Date  provided that the Exchange Offer has been declared unconditional (gestand wordt gedaan).Acceptance by DSM Shareholders individually recorded in DSM's shareholders' registerDSM Shareholders individually recorded in DSM's shareholders' register wishing to accept the Exchange Offer in respect of such registered DSM Ordinary Shares must deliver a completed and signed acceptance form to the Settlement Agent  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer  no later than the Closing Time. The acceptance forms are available upon request from the Settlement Agent. The acceptance form will also serve as a deed of transfer (akte van levering) with respect to the DSM Ordinary Shares referenced therein.Acceptance by DSM Shareholders located in the United StatesDSM Shareholders located in the United States who hold their DSM Ordinary Shares through a custodian  bank or stockbroker are requested to make their acceptance known through their bank or stockbroker as set out in section 16.1 (United States of America) of the Offering Circular.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States is unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted to such person will instead be transferred to a nominee  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to such person within five days of the Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Acceptance Period  or within five days of the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during any Post-Closing Acceptance Period.Declaring the Exchange Offer unconditionalThe obligation of the Company to declare the Exchange Offer unconditional (gestanddoening) is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the Transaction Conditions. The Transaction Conditions may be waived in accordance with the terms prescribed in the Offering Circular and to the extent permitted by applicable law or by the Business Combination Agreement. If any Transaction Condition is waived  the Company will inform the DSM Shareholders as required by applicable laws.No later than on the date on which the Company shall declare the Exchange Offer unconditional (the Unconditional Date)  the Company will determine whether the Transaction Conditions have been satisfied or waived by the Party entitled to waive such Transaction Conditions in accordance with the terms prescribed in the Offering Circular and to the extent permitted by applicable law. In addition  the Company will announce on the Unconditional Date whether (i) the Exchange Offer is declared unconditional (gestand wordt gedaan)  (ii) the Acceptance Period will be extended in accordance with Article 15 of the Decree or (iii) the Exchange Offer is terminated as a result of the Transaction Conditions not having been satisfied or waived  all in accordance with Article 16 of the Decree.If the Company declares the Exchange Offer unconditional  it will state the total value  number and corresponding percentage of (i) the Tendered Shares and (ii) the aggregate of the Tendered Shares that are directly or indirectly held by the Company. In the event that the Exchange Offer is not declared unconditional  the Company will explain such decision.In the event that the Company declares the Exchange Offer unconditional  the Company will accept all Tendered Shares and may announce a Post-Closing Acceptance Period (na-aanmeldingsperiode) of no more than two weeks to enable DSM Shareholders who did not tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the Acceptance Period to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period under the same terms and conditions as the Exchange Offer.Settlement of the Exchange OfferIn the event that the Company declares the Exchange Offer unconditional (gestanddoening)  the DSM Shareholders who have validly tendered (or defectively tendered provided that such defect has been waived by the Company) and have not validly withdrawn and have transferred (geleverd) their DSM Ordinary Shares for acceptance pursuant to the Exchange Offer on or prior to the Acceptance Closing Date will receive no later than on the second Business Day after the Unconditional Date the Offer Consideration in respect of each Tendered Share  as of which moment revocation (herroeping)  dissolution (ontbinding) or annulment (vernietiging) of a DSM Shareholder's acceptance  tender or transfer (levering) shall not be permitted. Settlement will only take place if the Exchange Offer is declared unconditional (gestand is gedaan). The Company cannot guarantee that the DSM Shareholders will actually receive the Offer Consideration within this period from the Admitted Institution with whom they hold their DSM Ordinary Shares.The Settlement of the Exchange Offer will be administered and effected by the Company or by the Listing and Paying Agent and/or the Settlement Agent  on behalf of the Company.The Admission of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam will become effective on the Unconditional Date  which is currently expected to occur on 1 February 2023  subject to any extension of the Acceptance Period.The delivery of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will take place through the book-entry system of the Netherlands Central Institute for Giro Securities Transactions (Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V.) trading as Euroclear Nederland (Euroclear Nederland)  in case of eligible DSM Shareholders that make valid elections to receive their DSM Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offer (the Settlement Election). Trading in DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares before the Settlement Date will take place on an ""as-if-and-when-issued"" basis. The delivery of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may not take place on the Settlement Date  or at all  if the Exchange Offer does not proceed. Any dealings in DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on Euronext Amsterdam prior to Settlement are at the sole risk of the parties concerned.The Company's obligation to deliver the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares to the DSM Shareholders that have validly provided their acceptances under the Exchange Offer will be fully and finally discharged upon the Company issuing the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares to them on the Settlement Date.The DSM Shareholders that do not wish to participate in the Exchange Offer do not need to take any action in relation to the Exchange Offer and will continue to hold their existing DSM Ordinary Shares when the Exchange Offer is implemented  with due consideration of the provisions of sections 14.19 (Statutory buy-out) and 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation) of the Offering Circular.Post-Closing Acceptance PeriodIn the event that the Company declares the Exchange Offer unconditional (gestanddoening)  the Company may  in accordance with Article 17 of the Decree  within three Business Days after declaring the Exchange Offer unconditional  publicly announce a Post-Closing Acceptance Period (na-aanmeldingsperiode) of no more than two weeks to enable DSM Shareholders who did not tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the acceptance period to tender their DSM Ordinary Shares during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period under the same terms and subject to the same restrictions as the Exchange Offer.Delisting and conversionAs soon as possible after completion of the Exchange Offer  the delisting of the DSM Ordinary Shares shall be procured and the DSM Preference Shares A will be repurchased and cancelled. After delisting of the DSM Ordinary Shares  DSM will be converted from a Dutch public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) into a Dutch private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid).Acquisition of 100%The Company and DSM see merits and benefits in the Company acquiring 100% of the DSM Ordinary Shares (and indirectly DSM's assets and operations) by means of (i) a statutory buy-out procedure in accordance with Article 2:359c of the Dutch Civil Code (DCC) or a buy-out procedure in accordance with Article 2:92a of the DCC (the Buy-Out)  or (ii) the implementation of a customary pre-wired back-end structure (the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation).The Buy-OutIf the Company and its group companies within the meaning of the DCC hold in the aggregate at least 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding DSM Ordinary Shares (calculated in accordance with the DCC) following Settlement  the Company shall  and DSM shall cause the Company to  commence the Buy-Out. Any remaining DSM Shareholders other than the Company will receive a cash consideration as a result of the Buy-Out.The Post-Offer Merger and LiquidationIf after the settlement of the Tendered Shares tendered during the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  the Company holds less than 95% but at least 80% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital  DSM may be notified by the Company or Firmenich to implement the Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation  in which case DSM shall implement a legal triangular merger with and into DSM Sub (as acquiring company)  with DSM Holdco allotting shares to the Company and the DSM Shareholders on a share for share basis in accordance with Articles 2:309 et seq. and 2:333a of the DCC (the Triangular Merger). The Triangular Merger is subject to DSM's shareholders' approval at the DSM EGM. Once the Triangular Merger is implemented  the listing of DSM will terminate.Prior to the Triangular Merger becoming effective  the Company shall and DSM shall procure that DSM Holdco shall enter into a share purchase agreement between the Company and DSM Holdco (the Post-Offer Share Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which  amongst other things  DSM Holdco will sell and the Company will purchase all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of DSM Sub (the Share Sale) and the Company will assume all liabilities of DSM Holdco. The consideration payable by the Company to DSM Holdco under the Post-Offer Share Purchase Agreement for the Share Sale shall be the issuance of a right that entitles the holder thereof to require the Company to deliver to it  on first demand  such number of DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares that is equal to the number of DSM Ordinary Shares held by the Company plus the DSM Ordinary Shares held by the non-tendering DSM Shareholders  or the cash equivalent thereof  calculated by applying a value fairly representing the prevailing value of a DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Share (the Share Sale Consideration).The Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation is described in further detail in section 14.20 (Post-Offer Merger and Liquidation) of the Offering Circular.AnnouncementsAnnouncements in relation to the Exchange offer will be issued by means of a press release. Any joint press release issued by the Company  DSM and Firmenich will be made available on the website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com).Subject to any applicable requirements of the applicable laws and without limiting the manner in which the Company  DSM and Firmenich may choose to make any public announcement  the Company  DSM and Firmenich will have no obligation to communicate any public announcement other than as described in the Offering Circular.Offering Circular  Position Statement and further informationThe Company is making the Exchange Offer on the terms and subject to the conditions and restrictions contained in the Offering Circular  dated 22 November 2022. In addition  DSM published the Position Statement  containing the information required by Article 18  paragraph 2  and Annex G of the Decree in connection with the Exchange Offer.This press release contains selected  condensed information regarding the Exchange Offer and this press release does not replace the Offering Circular. The information in this announcement is not complete and additional information is included in the Offering Circular and the Position Statement.DSM Shareholders are advised to review the Offering Circular and the Position Statement in detail and to seek independent advice where appropriate in order to reach a reasoned judgement in respect of the Exchange Offer and the content of the Offering Circular and the Position Statement. In addition  DSM Shareholders may wish to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of tendering their DSM Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer.A copy of the Offering Circular can be obtained through the website of the Company (www.creator-innovator.com). Copies of the Offering Circular are on request also available free of charge at the offices of DSM and Firmenich and can be obtained by contacting DSM and Firmenich through the investor relations departments included towards the end of this press release.Indicative timetableEvent(i) Date Announcement of publication of the Offering Circular 22 November 2022 Publication of the Offering Circular 22 November 2022 Start Acceptance Period 23 November 2022 at 09:00 CET DSM EGM EGM  at which meeting the DSM Shareholders will be requested to vote in favour of the Transaction Resolutions 23 January 2023 at 14.00 CET Acceptance Closing Date The last day of the Acceptance Period 31 January 2023 at 17:40 CET Unconditional Date and First Trading Date The date on which the Company shall declare the Exchange Offer unconditional (gestand doen). Also the first trading date for the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on an as-if-and-when delivered basis. 1 February 2023 Start Post-Closing Acceptance Period If the Exchange Offer is declared unconditional (gestand wordt gedaan)  the Company may announce a Post-Closing Acceptance Period of no more than two weeks 2 February 2023 Settlement Date The date on which the delivery of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares in the systems of Euronext Amsterdam will take place 3 February 2023 End of the Post-Closing Acceptance Period 15 February 2023 Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date The date on which the DSM Shareholders who have validly tendered their DSM Ordinary Shares will receive the Offer Consideration 17 February 2023 Firmenich Contribution Date The date on which the shares in the capital of Firmenich will be contributed to the Company. 23 February 2023(i) These dates and times are subject to change and references to time are to CET. Any material changes will be announced in a press release published and placed on DSM-Firmenich's website ( www.creator-innovator.com ).Risk factorsThe following is a summary of the key risks that  alone or in combination with other events or circumstances  could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business  financial condition  results of operations or prospects  the Offering or the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (not in order of materiality):DSM and Firmenich have incurred  and DSM-Firmenich will incur  significant transaction costs in connection with the Transactions and  as from completion of the Transactions  DSM-Firmenich will incur significant integration costs  which may be significantly higher than currently estimated;DSM-Firmenich may fail to successfully integrate the businesses of DSM and Firmenich and therefore may fail to realise some or all of the anticipated cost savings  synergies  growth opportunities and other benefits;Risks associated with the Merger may cause a loss of management personnel or other key employees due to uncertainties associated with the integration following the consummation of the Merger;DSM-Firmenich will be exposed to the geopolitical and economic conditions of the countries and regions in which it will operate;DSM-Firmenich will be dependent on raw materials and energy  which are subject to shortages  supply chain disruptions and price volatility;DSM-Firmenich will be dependent on a limited number of suppliers and toll manufacturers for some of its raw materials;DSM-Firmenich will operate in highly competitive market environments that are continuously and rapidly evolving and its failure to innovate or adequately respond to market trends could limit DSM-Firmenich's potential for profit and growth;DSM-Firmenich may be unable to adequately respond to rapidly changing customer and consumer preferences;DSM-Firmenich will make significant investments in research and development  which may not necessarily lead to profitable results;DSM-Firmenich will be subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates;DSM-Firmenich will be exposed to credit risks;DSM-Firmenich will be exposed to the risk that new tax and social security laws  treaties  regulations or practices are introduced and that existing tax and social security laws  treaties  regulations or practices or in the interpretation and enforcement thereof are changed;The market price of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will fluctuate and may decline;The Company cannot assure investors that an active trading market will develop for the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares and  if a market does develop  the market price of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may be subject to greater volatility than the market price of DSM Ordinary Shares; andSubject to certain exceptions  DSM Shareholders and other prospective investors in certain jurisdictions may not be able to participate in the Exchange Offer or  after consummation of the Merger  elect to receive share dividends  if any.General restrictionsThe Exchange Offer is being made in and from the Netherlands with due observance of such statements  conditions and restrictions as are included in the Offering Circular. The Company reserves the right to accept any tender under the Exchange Offer  which is made by or on behalf of a DSM Shareholder  even if it has not been made in the manner set out in the Offering Circular.The distribution of the Offering Circular and/or the making of the Exchange Offer in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted and/or prohibited by law. In particular  subject to certain exceptions  the Offering Circular is not for general circulation in the United States. The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM Ordinary Shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any DSM Shareholder  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the Offering Circular. Persons obtaining the Offering Circular are required to take due note and observe all such restrictions and obtain any necessary authorisations  approvals or consents (to the extent applicable). Outside of the Netherlands  no actions have been taken (nor will actions be taken) to make the Exchange Offer possible in any jurisdiction where such actions would be required. In addition  the Offering Circular has not been filed with nor recognised by the authorities of any jurisdiction other than the Netherlands. Neither the Company  nor DSM  nor Firmenich  nor any of their advisers accept any liability for any violation by any person of any such restriction. Any person (including  without limitation  custodians  nominees and trustees) who forwards or intends to forward the Offering Circular or any related document to any jurisdiction outside the Netherlands should carefully read section 16 (Restrictions) and section 17 (Important Information) of the Offering Circular before taking any action. The release  publication or distribution of the Offering Circular and any documentation regarding the Exchange Offer  the making of the Exchange Offer or the issuance and offering of the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession the Offering Circular comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the law of any such jurisdiction.United States of AmericaUnless otherwise determined by the Company  the Exchange Offer is not being  and will not be  made  directly or indirectly  in or into  or by the use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  telephonically or electronically) of  interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States except to DSM Shareholders who (i) are ""qualified institutional buyers"" as such term is defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the U.S. Securities Act  and each such person  a QIB) and (ii)  to the Company's satisfaction (in its sole discretion)  have duly completed and returned to the Company a letter confirming that it is a QIB and agreeing to certain transfer restrictions applicable to the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares (a U.S. Investor Letter) available from the Company (each an Eligible U.S. Holder). Accordingly  to be eligible to receive DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offer  each DSM Shareholder that is a U.S. Person and that is a QIB must make their acceptance known through their custodian  bank or stockbroker by executing and delivering a U.S. Investor letter to such custodian or intermediary no later than 17:40 hours CET on the Acceptance Closing Date. The custodian  bank or stockbroker may set an earlier deadline for communication by DSM Shareholders in order to permit the custodian  bank or stockbroker to communicate its acceptances to the Settlement Agent (ABN AMRO) in a timely manner. Accordingly  Eligible U.S. Holders holding DSM Ordinary Shares through a financial intermediary should comply with the dates communicated by such financial intermediary  as such dates may differ from the dates and times noted in the Offering Circular.The form of a U.S. Investor Letter will be distributed to custodians  nominees and other financial intermediaries to distribute to those they hold for in due course and is also available to QIBs from the Company. Any U.S. Person who is not a QIB  or in respect of whom no U.S. Investor Letter is received before 17:40 hours CET on the Acceptance Closing Date  will be a Restricted Shareholder and will be treated as set out under section 14.35 (Notice to DSM Shareholders in certain jurisdictions) of the Offering Circular.The DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable law of the United States and accordingly  the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares may not be reoffered  resold or transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.Any DSM Shareholder located in the United States at the time of the Transactions will be required to make certain representations  warranties and undertakings in respect of their status as QIB (the QIB Confirmations)  in order to receive the DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares on the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date.If a beneficiary to DSM Ordinary Shares located in the United States is unable to make the QIB Confirmations on behalf of itself or the person on whose behalf such DSM Ordinary Shares are held  any DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted to such person will instead be transferred to a nominee  and such DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares will be sold on his  her or its behalf with the proceeds being remitted to such person within five days of the Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during the Acceptance Period  or within five days of the Post-Closing Acceptance Settlement Date  for DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares allotted in exchange for DSM Ordinary Shares tendered during any Post-Closing Acceptance Period.Additional information is included in section 16.1 (United States of America) and 14.9 (Procedures for acceptances and action required by DSM Shareholders – Acceptance by DSM Shareholders located in the United States) of the Offering Circular.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current beliefs and projections and on information currently available to the Company. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond the Company's control and all of which are based on its current beliefs and expectations about future events. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""believe""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""seek""  ""would""  ""could""  ""should""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""assume""  ""predict""  ""anticipate""  ""annualised""  ""goal""  ""target""  ""potential""  ""continue""  ""hope""  ""objective""  ""position""  ""project""  ""risk"" or ""aim"" or the highlights or negatives thereof or other variations thereof or comparable terminology  or by discussions of DSM-Firmenich's strategy  short-term and mid-term objectives and future plans that involve risks and uncertainties.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake and it expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement in this press release  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Such forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  assumptions  expectations  estimates and projections of the Directors in office at the time of this press release and the Company's management  public statements made by it  present and future business strategies and the environment in which DSM-Firmenich will operate in the future. By their nature  they are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause DSM-Firmenich's actual results and future events to differ materially from those implied or expressed by forward-looking statements. The DSM Shareholders and other prospective investors are advised to read section 2 (Risk Factors) of the Offering Circular for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the DSM-Firmenich's future performance and the industry in which DSM-Firmenich operates. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should any of the assumptions underlying the above or other factors prove to be incorrect  DSM-Firmenich's actual results of operations or future financial condition could differ materially from those described herein as currently anticipated  believed  estimated or expected. In light of the risks  uncertainties and assumptions underlying the above factors  the forward-looking events described in the Offering Circular may not occur or be realised. Additional risks not known to the Company or that the Company does not currently consider material could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in the Offering Circular not to occur.For more information  please contact:DSM investor relations enquiries: Firmenich investor relations enquiries: Dave Huizing Ingvild van Lysebetten Email: investor.relations@dsm.com Email: investor_relations@firmenich.com Telephone: +31 45 578 2864 Telephone: +41 79 833 7252DSM media enquiries: Firmenich media enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP Brunswick Group Edward Bridges / Alex Le May Joseph Chi Lo / Edward Brown Email: scdsm@fticonsulting.com Email: firmenich@brunswickgroup.com Telephone: +44 20 3727 1017 Telephone: +44 20 7404 5959Settlement Agent and Listing and Paying Agent:ABN AMRO Bank N.V.Corporate Broking Issuer ServicesEmail: as.exchange.agency@nl.abnamro.comTelephone: +31 20 628 6070About FirmenichFirmenich  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and taste company  was founded in Geneva  Switzerland  in 1895  and has been family-owned for 127 years. Firmenich is a business-to-business company specialized in the research  creation  manufacture and sale of perfumes  flavors  and ingredients. Renowned for its excellent research  as well as its leadership in sustainability  Firmenich offers its customers innovation in formulation  a broad palette of ingredients  and proprietary technologies such as biotechnology. Firmenich delivered CHF 4.7bn of sales in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.About DSMDSM has transformed during its 150+ year history into today's health  nutrition & bioscience global leader. The Dutch-Swiss company specializes in nutritional ingredients for food and feed with proven world-leading bioscience capabilities and an international network of high-quality manufacturing sites that underpin a business model of global products  local solutions and personalization and precision. For Health  Nutrition & Bioscience (excluding Materials)  DSM delivered €7.3bn of sales in the calendar year 2021  with adjusted EBITDA of €1.4bn and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19%.Transaction websitePlease visit www.creator-innovator.com for additional material on the Merger.DSM refers to Koninklijke DSM N.V. and the DSM Group refers to DSM and its subsidiaries. Firmenich refers to Firmenich International SA and Firmenich Group refers to Firmenich and its subsidiaries. DSM-Firmenich or the Company refers to Danube AG  which upon completion of the proposed combination will be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG  and its subsidiaries following completion of the Merger (including the DSM Group and the Firmenich Group).Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1829134/DSM_Firmenich_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/publication-of-the-offering-circular-in-relation-to-the-merger-between-dsm-and-firmenich-and-the-listing-of-dsm-firmenich-on-euronext-amsterdam-301684509.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.2,0.63,True,English,"['OFFERING CIRCULAR', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'RELATION', 'BETWEEN', 'DSM', 'FIRMENICH', 'LISTING', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'live stream Q&A session', 'Besluit openbare biedingen Wft', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'Firmenich CEO Gilbert Ghostine', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'short online presentation', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'exciting next phase', 'greater positive impact', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'strong growth synergies', 'CEOs Geraldine Matchett', 'DSM-Firmenich Ordinary Shares', 'Firmenich International SA', 'DSM Ordinary Shares', 'securities law restrictions', 'shareholder value creation', 'joint press release', 'The Exchange Offer', 'The Offering Circular', '174,786,029 ordinary shares', 'nominal value', 'joint webcast', 'leading creation', 'DSM Shareholder', 'GENERAL RELEASE', 'UNITED STATES', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'Danube AG', 'regulated market', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'offer memorandum', 'Financial Markets', 'corporate website', 'potential investor', 'potential risks', 'two companies', 'complementary capabilities', 'passionate people', 'two great', 'historic companies', 'innovation partner', 'enhanced growth', 'transformational moment', 'global-scale partner', 'customer offering', 'Firmenich AG', 'share capital', 'investment decision', 'Dutch Decree', 'Netherlands Authority', 'respective regulations', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Article 4 paragraph', 'Article 10 paragraph 1', 'information purposes', 'trading update', 'investors', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'SUCH', 'Company', 'connection', 'provisions', 'listing', 'Admission', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'making', 'acceptance', 'compliance', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'terms', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'announcement', 'intention', 'prospectus', 'invitation', 'representative', 'solicitation', 'person', 'violation', 'Further', 'details', 'biedingsbericht', 'AFM', '22 November', 'today', 'cost', 'creator-innovator', 'basis', 'order', 'rewards', 'endorsement', 'quality', 'Story', 'KAISERAUGST', 'Switzerland', 'HEERLEN', 'GENEVA', 'launch', 'merger', 'equals', 'analysts', 'progress', 'period', 'July', 'September', '12:00 CET', 'corporate-services/DSM-Firmenich', 'Co-CEOs', 'heritages', 'nutrition', 'beauty', 'well-being', 'world', 'businesses']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221122005416/en/Median-Technologies-to-Speak-at-the-Radiological-Society-of-North-America-RSNA-2022-Annual-Meeting-Nov.-27---Dec-1-Chicago-IL-USA-With-Three-Presentations,Median Technologies to Speak at the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) 2022 Annual Meeting  Nov. 27 - Dec 1  Chicago  IL  USA  With Three Presentations,SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Median Technologies to speak at the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) 2022 Annual Meeting  Nov. 27 - Dec 1  Chicago  IL  USA.,SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Median Technologies (ALMDT) (Paris:ALMDT) announced today that the Company will be speaking and presenting at the world’s largest medical imaging conference  the 2022 Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) Annual Meeting and Scientific Assembly  being held in Chicago  IL  USA  Nov. 27 – Dec. 1.The Company will give an industry presentation and two scientific presentations. Details of the sessions include:Industry presentation: “Enabling lung cancer screening with iBiopsy® AI-based software as medical device”Session: AI Showcase TheaterDate: November 27  2022Time: 11:30 am – 11:45 am CSTPlace: South Hall Level 3  AI showcase theaterVirtual Poster Presentation: “Discordance rates on primary tumor assessment between Blinded Independent Central Review (BICR) readers in advanced or metastatic esophageal cancer applying RECIST 1.1 criteria”Session Number: W5B-SPGIDate: November 30  2022Time: 12:45 pm - 1:15 pm CSTPlace: East Level 3  Learning Center – GI DPSScientific Presentation: ”Development of an AI/ML Tech Based Pulmonary Nodule Malignancy Prediction Model: Application to Indeterminate Pulmonary Nodules and Early-Stage Cancers”Session Number: W7-SSIN06-1Date: November 30  2022Time: 3.00 pm - 4.00 pm CSTPlace: South Level 4  S404Median’s teams will be available at booth #4849  Level 3 South Hall (AI showcase) for the duration of the industry exhibition (Nov 27- 30).About Median Technologies: Median Technologies provides innovative imaging solutions and services to advance healthcare for everyone. We harness the power of medical images by using the most advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies  to increase the accuracy of diagnosis and treatment of many cancers and other metabolic diseases at their earliest stages and provide insights into novel therapies for patients. Our iCRO solutions for medical image analysis and management in oncology trials and iBiopsy®  our AI-powered software as medical device help biopharmaceutical companies and clinicians to bring new treatments and diagnose patients earlier and more accurately. This is how we are helping to create a healthier world.Founded in 2002  based in Sophia-Antipolis  France  with a subsidiary in the US and another one in Shanghai  Median has received the label “Innovative company” by the BPI and is listed on Euronext Growth market (Paris). FR0011049824– ticker: ALMDT. Median is eligible for the French SME equity savings plan scheme (PEA-PME)  is part of the Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index and has been awarded the Euronext European Rising Tech label. For more information: www.mediantechnologies.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['Median Technologies', 'Radiological Society', 'North America', '2022 Annual Meeting', 'Three Presentations', 'RSNA', 'Nov.', 'Dec', 'Chicago', 'IL', 'USA', 'AI/ML Tech Based Pulmonary Nodule Malignancy Prediction Model', 'French SME equity savings plan scheme', 'Euronext European Rising Tech label', 'Blinded Independent Central Review', 'largest medical imaging conference', 'advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies', 'Indeterminate Pulmonary Nodules', 'AI Showcase Theater Date', 'Euronext Growth market', 'RSNA) Annual Meeting', 'lung cancer screening', 'primary tumor assessment', 'metastatic esophageal cancer', 'other metabolic diseases', 'medical image analysis', 'innovative imaging solutions', 'two scientific presentations', 'Virtual Poster Presentation', 'South Hall Level', 'Level 3 South Hall', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'iBiopsy® AI-based software', 'South Level', 'medical device', 'medical images', 'East Level', 'iCRO solutions', 'AI-powered software', 'Scientific Assembly', 'W5B-SPGI Date', 'industry presentation', 'Innovative company', 'SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Median Technologies', '2022 Radiological Society', 'North America', 'Discordance rates', 'BICR) readers', 'RECIST 1.1 criteria', 'Learning Center', 'GI DPS', 'Early-Stage Cancers', 'industry exhibition', 'many cancers', 'earliest stages', 'novel therapies', 'oncology trials', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'new treatments', 'The Company', 'Session Number', 'healthier world', 'CST Place', 'France', 'ALMDT', 'Paris', 'Chicago', 'IL', 'USA', 'Dec.', 'sessions', 'November', 'Time', 'Development', 'Application', 'teams', 'booth', 'duration', 'services', 'healthcare', 'everyone', 'accuracy', 'diagnosis', 'insights', 'patients', 'management', 'clinicians', 'Sophia-Antipolis', 'subsidiary', 'Shanghai', 'BPI', 'part', 'information', 'mediantechnologies', '11:30', '12:45', '1:15', '3.00', '4.00']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eurobio-scientific-acobiom-announce-signature-164500483.html,Eurobio Scientific and Acobiom announce the signature of an exclusive commercial agreement for the distribution of a diagnostic test that predicts response to a treatment for pancreatic cancer,Eurobio Scientific and Acobiom announce the signature of an exclusive commercial agreement for the distribution of a diagnostic test that predicts response...,"Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific and Acobiom announce the signature of an exclusive commercial agreement for the distribution of a diagnostic test that predicts response to a treatment for pancreatic cancerCE marked test for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomaPrediction of response to first-line gemcitabine-based chemotherapyDeveloped and validated with real world data and samplesParis & Montpellier  November 22  2022 - 5h45 pmEurobio Scientific (Euronext Growth Paris  FR0013240934  ALERS)  French leader group in medical diagnosis and life sciences  and Acobiom  a French company expert in the identification of biomarkers and the development molecular diagnostics for precision medicine  announce the signature of an exclusive commercial agreement for the distribution  in France  Germany and the United Kingdom  of GemciTest®  a CE marked test for the predictive diagnostics of response to gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer.A tough cancer without prior assessment of potential treatment efficacyPancreatic cancer is an aggressive cancer. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (WHO  Globocan data)  the incidence of this cancer was about 202 000 new cases in 2020 in Europe and North America  increasing by 2.5% per year on average. In France  this cancer affected about 15 000 patients in 2020  of which nearly 45% would be at the metastatic stage. Diagnosis is generally made by imaging and biological tests on biopsy.Pancreatic cancer is particularly insidious because it is a ""silent"" disease that causes no symptoms in its early stages. Often diagnosed at a late stage  this cancer has a poor prognosis. Few treatments are available: surgery and/or chemotherapy. For patients with locally advanced or metastatic cancer at the time of diagnosis  chemotherapy remains the only treatment option  whether it is based on gemcitabine or 5-FU  alone or in combination.GemciTest®  an in-vitro diagnostic developed by Acobiom  is a predictive PCR test for response to gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment. This CE-marked molecular diagnostic identifies patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC  a form of pancreatic cancer) whose transcriptomic profile is not favorable for the prescription of a first-line gemcitabine-based therapy (alone or in combination). This test will thus make it possible to guide patients towards another more suitable or more effective therapy  to avoid unnecessary side effects or toxicities  and thus to risk a ""loss of chance"" for these patients.Story continuesA new test based on the latest technologiesGemciTest has been developed with Acobiom's technology platform  which combines genomic and transcriptomic techniques (NGS sequencing  real-time PCR) with bioinformatics  biostatistics and artificial intelligence (machine learning) tools and programs for data processing and analysis.Developed and validated using real-world data and samples  this molecular diagnostics is based on a proprietary combination of RNA markers present in blood. The test was evaluated in a confirmatory study to measure its sensitivity in predicting the response of PDAC patients to a gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment.This confirmatory study demonstrated the value of using GemciTest® in clinics and also reveals the potential of RNA marker combinations in blood in the development of precision medicine and personalized therapy for patients with pancreatic cancer.“The signature of this commercial agreement with Eurobio Scientific is the recognition of the quality of the developments made by the Acobiom team by a key-player of the in-vitro diagnostic industry in France""  says Didier Ritter  President of Acobiom. ""It is also a first step for our company  as other predictive diagnostics in precision medicine are currently in development  notably to predict the response to 5-FU-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment of pancreatic cancer.”Jean-Michel Carle  CEO of Eurobio Scientific  added: ""The importance of a predictive response test for a disease as difficult as pancreatic cancer will be a major asset for physicians by allowing their patients to avoid losing chances due to inappropriate treatments. The strength of the new technologies used and the quality of the work done by Acobiom  as demonstrated by the results of their real-world clinical tests  have convinced us of the immediate relevance of this new test"".About GemciTest®GemciTest® is a predictive molecular diagnostic for response to gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment. This CE-marked PCR test is intended for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). This in-vitro diagnostic has been developed from Acobiom's technology platform  which combines genomic and transcriptomic techniques (NGS sequencing  real-time PCR) on the one hand  and bioinformatics  biostatistics and machine learning tools and programs for data processing and analysis on the other.Developed and validated using real world data and samples  GemciTest® is based on a patented combination of RNA markers present in blood and has been evaluated in a confirmatory study. The clinical validation of this PCR test was performed on 336 patients (mean age 68.7; 37-88). Patients with a clinical benefit (OS > 8.7 months; PFS ≥3.5 months) identified by GemciTest® (29.7%) had significantly a longer PFS (5.3 vs. 2.8 months) and a longer OS (10.4 vs. 4.8 months). GemciTest® -positive patients had significantly longer PFS (HR=0.53 (95% CI: 0.31-0.92); p=0.023) and OS (HR=0.49 (95% CI: 0.29-0.85); p=0.0091).About Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a major player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is active in the research and marketing of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and provides dedicated reagents to research laboratories  including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. With its numerous partnerships and strong hospital presence  Eurobio Scientific has its own extensive distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary molecular biology products. The Group has approximately 250 employees  four manufacturing facilities based in the Paris area  Germany  the Netherlands and the USA  and subsidiaries in Dorking in the UK  Sissach in Switzerland  Bünde in Germany and Utrecht in the Netherlands.For more information  please visit the website: www.eurobio-scientific.comEurobio Scientific shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris.Euronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech Indices  label Euronext European Rising TechMnémonics: ALERS - ISIN Code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPAbout AcobiomAcobiom is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery of biological markers (biomarkers) and the development of innovative molecular diagnostics for applications in personalized medicine or precision medicine. Precision medicine aims at personalizing treatments according to certain biomarkers in order to obtain a better therapeutic effectiveness  to limit the side effects of a treatment and to ensure a better quality of life for the patient. The diagnostics developed by ACOBIOM respond to these needs and support medical teams in choosing the most effective treatment best suited to the transcriptomic profile of each patient. These diagnostics are developed from biomarkers  identified by the company's scientific team  which has more than 20 years of expertise in the study of gene expression and a technological platform combining genomics  transcriptomics  bioinformatics  biostatistics (data science) and machine learning (artificial intelligence). Founded in 1999  Acobiom is located in the Euromedicine Biopole in Montpellier (France)  and is a member of the regional health clusters.For more information: www.acobiom.comMedia and investor ContactsEurobio Scientific CalyptusJean-Michel Carle  CEO Mathieu Calleux / Maisie MouretDenis Fortier  Managing director Tel.: +33 1 53 65 68 68 - eurobio-scientific@calyptus.netTel.: +33 1 69 79 64 80AcobiomPhilippe Outreboninvestor@acobiom.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.91,0.09,mixed,0.13,0.06,0.81,True,English,"['exclusive commercial agreement', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'diagnostic test', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Acobiom', 'signature', 'distribution', 'response', 'treatment', 'French leader group', 'unnecessary side effects', 'real world data', 'exclusive commercial agreement', 'pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma', 'other predictive diagnostics', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'French company expert', 'CE-marked molecular diagnostic', 'real-world clinical tests', 'vitro diagnostic industry', 'predictive molecular diagnostic', 'CE-marked PCR test', 'predictive PCR test', 'potential treatment efficacy', 'first-line gemcitabine-based therapy', 'machine learning tools', 'first-line gemcitabine-based chemotherapy', 'predictive response test', 'real-world data', 'molecular diagnostics', 'biological tests', 'real-time PCR', 'diagnostic test', 'Globocan data', 'first-line treatment', 'effective therapy', 'data processing', 'personalized therapy', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'life sciences', 'precision medicine', 'United Kingdom', 'prior assessment', 'International Agency', '202,000 new cases', 'North America', 'metastatic stage', 'early stages', 'late stage', 'poor prognosis', 'Few treatments', 'treatment option', 'transcriptomic profile', 'latest technologies', 'technology platform', 'transcriptomic techniques', 'NGS sequencing', 'artificial intelligence', 'RNA markers', 'confirmatory study', 'marker combinations', 'Didier Ritter', 'first step', 'Jean-Michel Carle', 'major asset', 'inappropriate treatments', 'new technologies', 'immediate relevance', 'one hand', 'new test', '5-FU-based chemotherapy', 'tough cancer', 'aggressive cancer', 'metastatic cancer', 'silent"" disease', 'medical diagnosis', 'proprietary combination', 'Acobiom team', 'PDAC patients', '15,000 patients', 'signature', 'distribution', 'samples', 'Montpellier', '5h45', 'ALERS', 'identification', 'biomarkers', 'development', 'France', 'Germany', 'GemciTest®', 'Research', 'WHO', 'incidence', 'Europe', 'year', 'average', 'imaging', 'biopsy', 'symptoms', 'surgery', 'prescription', 'suitable', 'toxicities', 'loss', 'chance', 'Story', 'genomic', 'bioinformatics', 'biostatistics', 'programs', 'analysis', 'blood', 'sensitivity', 'value', 'clinics', 'recognition', 'quality', 'key-player', 'President', 'CEO', 'importance', 'physicians', 'strength', 'work', 'results']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/firmenich-delivered-double-digit-revenue-072500323.html,FIRMENICH DELIVERED DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF FINANCIAL YEAR 2023,"Firmenich International SA (""Firmenich"")  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and flavour company  is announcing its first quarter results for the ...","GENEVA  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Firmenich International SA (""Firmenich"")  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and flavour company  is announcing its first quarter results for the three months ended 30 September 2022. This announcement is being issued in connection with the planned merger with DSM and today's publication by Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (""DSM-Firmenich"")  of an offering circular prepared in connection with (i) the voluntary exchange offer to holders of ordinary shares in the issued share capital of Koninklijke DSM N.V.  and (ii) the admission to listing and trading of DSM–Firmenich ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Offering Circular"").Firmenich_LogoFirst Quarter Financial Year 2023 Revenue PerformanceIn the three months ended 30 September 2022  Firmenich generated Revenue of CHF 1 246 million  an increase of 11.6% at constant currency[1]  driven by a balanced contribution of volume / mix and pricing  partially offset by FX. This reflects an increase of +8.8% versus the same quarter of the prior year on a reported basis.Furthermore  Firmenich generated an Adjusted EBITDA[2] of CHF 237 million in the three months ended 30 September 2022  or 19% of Revenue despite a negative FX impact of approximately 200 basis points.Firmenich has continued to experience strong end-market demand over the first quarter of FY 2023  across its geographies  customers and segments. In both the Perfumery & Ingredients and in the Taste & Beyond divisions  Firmenich has implemented price actions to mitigate the impact of increasing raw material costs and other inflationary pressures.Further financial information on Firmenich is included in the Offering Circular.The Offering Circular can be found on the website www.creator-innovator.com.DisclaimerThis document and the related results contain forward-looking statements related to Firmenich and its future business and financial performance and future events or developments  including statements regarding: trends; exchange rates; plans  strategies and objectives of management; anticipated production; capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and supply chain issues; provisions and contingent liabilities; tax and regulatory developments. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as 'intend'  'aim'  'project'  'anticipate'  'estimate'  'plan'  'believe'  'expect'  'may'  'should'  'will'  'continue'  'annualised' or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of operations or financial condition  or provide other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees  or predictions of future performance  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  many of which are beyond Firmenich's control  and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this presentation. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations  Firmenich does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Story continuesNon-IFRS measures have not been subject to audit or review and should not be considered as an indication of  or alternative to  an IFRS measure of profitability  financial performance or liquidity. For further information on non-IFRS measures  see the report on alternative performance measures included in Firmenich's annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022.Nothing in this presentation should be construed as either an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer  to buy or sell securities in any jurisdiction  or be treated or relied upon as a recommendation or advice by Firmenich.DisclosureThe information was submitted for publication  through the contact persons set out below  at 7:00 CEST on 22 November 2022. Further information  including the Offering Circular  is available on www.creator-innovator.com.ContactsFirmenich Ingvild Van Lysebetten  Investor Relations Email: investor_relations@firmenich.com Firmenich media enquiries: Brunswick Group Joseph Chi Lo  Ed Brown Email: firmenichir@brunswickgroup.com Telephone: +44 20 7404 5959About FirmenichFirmenich  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and taste company  was founded in Geneva  Switzerland  in 1895  and has been family-owned for 127 years. Firmenich is a business-to-business company specialized in the research  creation  manufacture and sale of perfumes  flavors  and ingredients. Renowned for its excellent research  as well as its leadership in sustainability  Firmenich offers its customers innovation in formulation  a broad palette of ingredients  and proprietary technologies such as biotechnology. Firmenich delivered CHF 4.7bn of sales in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.[1] Growth at Constant Currency is used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate operating performance. We believe that the elimination of the effect of foreign currency variations can provide useful period–to–period comparisons of our operating performance and enable a better understanding of the underlying factors contributing to such performance. Growth at Constant Currency is computed by comparing current period results converted at prior period foreign exchange rates to prior period results at prior period foreign exchange rates[2] Adjusted EBITDA is the reported EBITDA  adjusted to eliminate the impact of identified items of non-recurring nature and/or not directly attributable to the operating performance that may materially distort period-to-period comparisons and/or the evaluation of our on-going business performance. Adjusted items comprise restructuring and transformation costs  acquisition and disposal-related costs  gain and loss on disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  and other items of a one-time and/or non-operating nature  which may include elements such as legal claims and settlements  or curtailments of defined benefits pension plans.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/798187/Firmenich_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/firmenich-delivered-double-digit-revenue-growth-in-the-first-quarter-of-financial-year-2023-301684790.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['FIRMENICH DELIVERED DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH', 'FIRST QUARTER', 'FINANCIAL YEAR 2023', 'THE', 'Brunswick Group Joseph Chi Lo', 'First Quarter Financial Year 2023 Revenue Performance', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'increasing raw material costs', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Firmenich Ingvild Van Lysebetten', 'DSM–Firmenich ordinary shares', 'volume / mix', 'strong end-market demand', 'supply chain issues', 'first quarter results', 'other inflationary pressures', 'alternative performance measures', 'Firmenich International SA', 'Firmenich media enquiries', 'voluntary exchange offer', 'Further financial information', 'negative FX impact', 'other forward-looking statements', 'financial performance', 'same quarter', 'future performance', 'financial condition', 'prior year', 'capital costs', 'operating costs', 'other factors', 'exchange rates', 'Non-IFRS measures', 'Further information', 'flavour company', 'three months', 'Danube AG', 'share capital', 'regulated market', 'constant currency', 'balanced contribution', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'price actions', 'related results', 'future business', 'contingent liabilities', 'similar words', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'regulatory obligations', 'contact persons', 'Investor Relations', 'Ed Brown', 'business company', 'broad palette', 'proprietary technologies', 'Offering Circular', '200 basis points', 'future events', 'regulatory developments', 'annual report', 'taste company', 'excellent research', 'GENEVA', 'PRNewswire', 'world', 'announcement', 'connection', 'merger', 'publication', 'holders', 'listing', 'trading', 'Firmenich_Logo', 'CHF', 'increase', 'pricing', 'FY', 'geographies', 'customers', 'segments', 'Perfumery', 'Ingredients', 'divisions', 'website', 'creator', 'innovator', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'trends', 'plans', 'strategies', 'objectives', 'management', 'production', 'scheduling', 'provisions', 'tax', 'use', 'project', 'operations', 'guarantees', 'predictions', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'presentation', 'Readers', 'accordance', 'legal', 'changes', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Story', 'audit', 'review', 'indication', 'profitability', 'liquidity', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'recommendation', 'advice', 'Disclosure', '7:00 CEST', '22 November', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'investor_relations', 'firmenichir', 'Telephone', 'fragrance', 'Switzerland', '127 years', 'creation', 'manufacture', 'sale', 'perfumes', 'flavors', 'leadership', 'sustainability', 'innovation', 'formulation', 'biotechnology', '7bn']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/completion-reverse-split-shares-basis-172000853.html,Completion of the Reverse Split of Its Shares on the Basis of 1 New Share for 5 000 Old Shares  Start of Trading of the Shares Resulting From the Reverse Split  and Capital Reductions,"Pharnext SA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for...","Pharnext announces the completion of the reverse split of its shares on the basis of 1 new share for 5 000 old shares  the start of trading of the shares resulting from the reverse split as of Wednesday 23 November 2022  and a reduction of its share capital1 new share equals 5 000 old sharesFirst trading day for post-reverse split shares: Wednesday  November 23  2022Resumption of the right to exercise all the securities giving access to Pharnext's share capital as from Wednesday November 23  2022Capital reduction to 39 320.43 eurosPARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / November 22  2022 / Pharnext SA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces the completion of the reverse stock split  as decided by its Board of Directors on September 26  2022  on the basis of 1 new share with a par value of 1 euro for 5 000 old shares with a par value of 0.0002 euro  as authorized by the General Shareholders' Meeting of June 17  2022 under resolution #8.This reverse stock split operation aims at reducing Pharnext share price volatility and fostering its stabilization.The main terms of the operation are as follows:Number of shares covered by reverse stock split: 19 660 215 000 (number of shares adjusted in particular following the exercise of securities giving access to the capital prior to the suspension period)Number of shares resulting from the reverse stock split: 3 932 043 sharesISIN of post-reverse split shares: FR001400BV89Mnemonic code of the new shares: ALPHAShareholders who could not hold a multiple of 5 000 old shares will be automatically compensated of their fractional shares by their financial intermediary within 30 days.The entire reverse stock split operation will be carried out by Euronext Paris in accordance with the following estimative timelines:End of suspension period of the right to exercise all the securities giving access to Pharnext's share capitalStory continuesNovember 22 2022End of exchange operationsNovember 22 2022REVERSE SPLIT OPERATIONLast trading day for old sharesNovember 22  2022First trading day for new sharesNovember 23  2022Record dateNovember 24  2022Allotment of new sharesNovember 25  2022FRACTIONAL SHARE COMPENSATIONBeginning of fractional share compensation by financial intermediariesNovember 28  2022Deadline of fractional share compensation by financial intermediariesDecember 26  2022As a result of the reverse stock split  the exercise parity of the warrants  the warrants for the subscription of business creator shares and the convertible bonds into shares of the Company issued by the Company is adjusted in proportion to the par value of the share. These adjustments are applicable from the date of allocation of the new shares resulting from the reverse stock split  i.e. November 25  2022.CAPITAL REDUCTIONSThe Company also carried out two capital reductions motivated by losses.With regard to the first capital reduction of a nominal value of 0.7974 euro  the Company  making use of the authorization to reduce the share capital by cancelling treasury shares granted to it under the fifth resolution of the combined general meeting of shareholders of June 30  2021  proceeded  for technical reasons and to ensure the translatablity of the new share capital  with the cancellation of 3 987 old shares.With regard to the second capital reduction  the Company  making use of the authorization to reduce the share capital granted to it under the terms of the ninth resolution of the combined general meeting of shareholders of June 17  2022  proceeded with immediate effect to a capital reduction in the amount of 3 892 722.57 euros by reducing the par value of the 3 932 043 shares making up the Company's share capital from 1 euro to 0.01 euro. As a result of this capital reduction  the share capital is reduced from 3 932 043 euros to 39 320.43 euros and is divided into an unchanged number of shares  i.e. 3 932 043 shares with a par value of 0.01 euro each.About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases that currently lack curative and/or disease-modifying treatments. Pharnext has two lead products in clinical development. PXT3003 completed an international Phase III trial with positive topline results for the treatment of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (‘CMT1A') and benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003 in CMT1A  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing. PXT864 has generated encouraging Phase II results in Alzheimer's disease and will be advanced through partnerships. Both of Pharnext's lead assets originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400BV89).Contacts - PharnextDavid Horn SolomonDirecteur Généralcontact@pharnext.com+33 (0)1 41 09 22 30Press Relations (International)Consilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane ElliottSukaina VirjiAlexandra Harrisonpharnext@consilium-comms.comFinancial Communications(Europe)ActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 (0)6 21 10 49 24Press Relations (France)Ulysse CommunicationBruno Arabianbarabian@ulysse-communication.com+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26+33 (0)1 81 70 96 30SOURCE: PharnextView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/727797/Completion-of-the-Reverse-Split-of-Its-Shares-on-the-Basis-of-1-New-Share-for-5000-Old-Shares-Start-of-Trading-of-the-Shares-Resulting-From-the-Reverse-Split-and-Capital-Reductions",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.19,0.29,True,English,"['Reverse Split', '1 New Share', 'Capital Reductions', '5,000 Old Shares', 'Completion', 'Basis', 'Start', 'Trading', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'entire reverse stock split operation', 'international Phase III trial', 'high unmet medical need', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'encouraging Phase II results', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Pharnext share price volatility', 'positive topline results', 'REVERSE SPLIT OPERATION', 'following estimative timelines', 'orphan drug status', 'other risk factors', 'First trading day', 'Last trading day', 'two lead products', 'combined general meeting', 'FRACTIONAL SHARE COMPENSATION', 'post-reverse split shares', 'business creator shares', 'two capital reductions', 'first capital reduction', 'second capital reduction', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'new share capital', 'PREMIER trial', 'lead assets', 'fractional shares', '1 new share', 'novel therapeutics', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'par value', 'suspension period', 'Mnemonic code', 'exchange operations', 'convertible bonds', 'nominal value', 'technical reasons', 'immediate effect', 'disease-modifying treatments', 'clinical development', 'United States', 'More information', 'The Company', 'new shares', 'financial intermediary', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial reports', '5,000 old shares', 'treasury shares', '3,987 old shares', 'fifth resolution', 'ninth resolution', 'main terms', 'Euronext Paris', 'Record date', 'exercise parity', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease', 'Pharnext SA', 'unchanged number', 'Wednesday 23 November', 'Wednesday November', '3,932,043 shares', 'completion', 'basis', 'start', 'Resumption', 'right', 'securities', 'access', 'FRANCE', 'FR001400BV89', 'ALPHA', 'Board', 'Directors', 'September', '1 euro', 'June', 'stabilization', 'ISIN', 'multiple', '30 days', 'accordance', 'End', 'Story', 'Allotment', 'Beginning', 'Deadline', 'warrants', 'subscription', 'proportion', 'adjustments', 'allocation', 'losses', 'regard', '0.7974 euro', 'use', 'authorization', 'translatablity', 'cancellation', 'amount', '2.57 euros', '3,932,043 euros', '39,320.43 euros', 'curative', 'PXT3003', 'CMT1A', 'benefits', 'Europe', 'PXT864', 'Alzheimer', 'partnerships', 'attention', 'investors', '0.0002']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/azerion-acquires-radionomy-enters-audio-070800830.html,Azerion acquires Radionomy and enters audio advertising market,Amsterdam  22 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of Radionomy Group  a global pioneer in digital audio advertising and marketing...,Azerion Group NVAmsterdam  22 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of Radionomy Group  a global pioneer in digital audio advertising and marketing solutions. With this acquisition  Azerion launches a new product in the realm of audio advertising  enabling clients and partners to expand their engagement with users. This acquisition will enhance Azerion’s ability to support advertisers and publishers with a complete suite of advertising products and further solidifies our entry into the US market.Radionomy has a unique and proprietary adtech solution covering all aspects of digital audio ⎼ including radio  podcasts  audiobooks and games ⎼ and supporting in excess of 3 billion monthly impressions in over 30 markets worldwide. It is connected to a wide range of publishers with more than 15 000 audio channels in aggregate  providing meaningful scale to drive targeted and efficient advertising for advertisers.Atilla Aytekin  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “I am excited to add a new suite of audio advertising solutions to our product portfolio and offer more innovative ad formats  from digital radio to in-game audio  helping our advertisers and publishers achieve optimal advertising and monetisation results. As a company that strives to offer a complete set of products to our customers  it is important for us to stay at the forefront of the latest market trends. We are proud to be at the centre of this nascent innovative digital technology that we expect to develop further over the next few years across the United States  Europe  and beyond.”Azerion has signed a binding transaction documentation relating to the sale of 100% of the issued and outstanding shares in the share capital of Radionomy Group B.V. from Targetspot SA  a company listed on Euronext Growth Paris and Brussels. The transaction perimeter includes Radionomy Group B.V. and all its subsidiaries and  as such  does not include Targetspot’s Winamp operations. Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions  including approval by Targetspot’s extraordinary general meeting (EGM)  which will be held on 9 December 2022. Closing is expected before 31 December 2022.Story continuesThe total consideration will be predominantly settled through Azerion shares  with the balance settled in cash. In total  2 782 644 Azerion shares will be transferred to the selling shareholders at closing of the transaction and such Azerion shares equivalent to up to €3 million are to be granted in future  subject to certain earn-out conditions. Azerion’s shares currently held in treasury are sufficient to satisfy the share consideration. The balance that is payable in cash contains a payment at closing as well as deferred payments. Radionomy is expected to generate approximately €29 million to €30 million gross revenue in 2022.Radionomy brings together the entire activity of Targetspot with its subsidiaries. The transaction thus involves the indirect disposal of all the subsidiaries of Radionomy Group B.V.  the Targetspot and Shoutcast brands and all staff attached to the business.- ENDS -About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. We entertain people through highly engaging content and we help advertisers reach any audience  at any scale  anywhere in the world in an easy way at a competitive price and in a highquality  curated content environment. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the hundreds of millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com.About TargetspotTargetspot has been a leader and pioneer in digital audio since 2007. Targetspot connects brands to their target audiences via an inventory of leading publishers across all areas of digital audio. Through its proprietary technologies  Targetspot provides end-to-end integration between advertisers and publishers  for contextually targeted  cookie-free campaigns involving both direct and programmatic buying. Targetspot is also a leader in audio streaming  its Shoutcast brand enabling over 85 000 radio stations to be streamed online. Targetspot is operational in 9 countries and employs around 100 people worldwide.ContactInvestor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['audio advertising market', 'Azerion', 'Radionomy', 'highquality, curated content environment', 'Radionomy Group B.V.', 'nascent innovative digital technology', 'innovative ad formats', '3 billion monthly impressions', 'extraordinary general meeting', '30 million gross revenue', 'campaign management teams', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'proprietary adtech solution', 'latest market trends', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'Azerion Group NV', 'binding transaction documentation', 'digital audio advertising', 'audio advertising solutions', 'entertainment content', 'digital advertising', 'technology solutions', 'engaging content', 'content creators', 'organic growth', 'proprietary technologies', 'marketing solutions', 'US market', 'market sales', 'efficient advertising', 'optimal advertising', '15,000 audio channels', 'game audio', 'audio streaming', 'digital radio', 'new product', 'complete suite', 'wide range', 'Atilla Aytekin', 'new suite', 'product portfolio', 'monetisation results', 'complete set', 'United States', 'share capital', 'Winamp operations', 'selling shareholders', 'share consideration', 'deferred payments', 'entire activity', 'indirect disposal', 'easy way', 'competitive price', 'integrated platform', 'rapid expansion', 'strategic acquisitions', 'target audiences', 'end integration', 'cookie-free campaigns', 'programmatic buying', 'Shoutcast brand', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'outstanding shares', 'advertising products', 'digital publishers', 'media platform', 'media buyers', '85,000 radio stations', 'transaction perimeter', 'global pioneer', 'meaningful scale', 'total consideration', 'earn-out conditions', 'leading publishers', 'Targetspot SA', 'Azerion shares', 'brands', 'realm', 'clients', 'partners', 'engagement', 'users', 'ability', 'advertisers', 'entry', 'unique', 'aspects', 'podcasts', 'audiobooks', 'games', 'excess', '30 markets', 'aggregate', 'targeted', 'CEO', 'company', 'customers', 'forefront', 'centre', 'years', 'Europe', 'Brussels', 'subsidiaries', 'Closing', 'approval', 'EGM', '9 December', '31 December', 'Story', 'balance', 'cash', 'future', 'treasury', 'staff', 'business', 'people', 'world', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'globe', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'information', 'leader', 'inventory', 'areas', '9 countries', 'Contact', '22']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/firmenich-delivered-double-digit-revenue-162400428.html,FIRMENICH DELIVERED DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF FINANCIAL YEAR 2023,"Firmenich International SA (""Firmenich"")  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and flavour company  is announcing its first quarter results for the ...","GENEVA  Nov. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Firmenich International SA (""Firmenich"")  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and flavour company  is announcing its first quarter results for the three months ended 30 September 2022. This announcement is being issued in connection with the planned merger with DSM and today's publication by Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (""DSM-Firmenich"")  of an offering circular prepared in connection with (i) the voluntary exchange offer to holders of ordinary shares in the issued share capital of Koninklijke DSM N.V.  and (ii) the admission to listing and trading of DSM–Firmenich ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Offering Circular"").Firmenich_LogoFirst Quarter Financial Year 2023 Revenue PerformanceIn the three months ended 30 September 2022  Firmenich generated Revenue of CHF 1 246 million  an increase of 11.6% at constant currency[1]  driven by a balanced contribution of volume / mix and pricing  partially offset by FX. This reflects an increase of +8.8% versus the same quarter of the prior year on a reported basis.Furthermore  Firmenich generated an Adjusted EBITDA[2] of CHF 237 million in the three months ended 30 September 2022  or 19% of Revenue despite a negative FX impact of approximately 200 basis points.Firmenich has continued to experience strong end-market demand over the first quarter of FY 2023  across its geographies  customers and segments. In both the Perfumery & Ingredients and in the Taste & Beyond divisions  Firmenich has implemented price actions to mitigate the impact of increasing raw material costs and other inflationary pressures.Further financial information on Firmenich is included in the Offering Circular.The Offering Circular can be found on the website www.creator-innovator.com.DisclaimerThis document and the related results contain forward-looking statements related to Firmenich and its future business and financial performance and future events or developments  including statements regarding: trends; exchange rates; plans  strategies and objectives of management; anticipated production; capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and supply chain issues; provisions and contingent liabilities; tax and regulatory developments. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as 'intend'  'aim'  'project'  'anticipate'  'estimate'  'plan'  'believe'  'expect'  'may'  'should'  'will'  'continue'  'annualised' or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of operations or financial condition  or provide other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees  or predictions of future performance  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  many of which are beyond Firmenich's control  and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this presentation. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations  Firmenich does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Story continuesNon-IFRS measures have not been subject to audit or review and should not be considered as an indication of  or alternative to  an IFRS measure of profitability  financial performance or liquidity. For further information on non-IFRS measures  see the report on alternative performance measures included in Firmenich's annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022.Nothing in this presentation should be construed as either an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer  to buy or sell securities in any jurisdiction  or be treated or relied upon as a recommendation or advice by Firmenich.DisclosureThe information was submitted for publication  through the contact persons set out below  at 7:00 CEST on 22 November 2022. Further information  including the Offering Circular  is available on www.creator-innovator.com.ContactsFirmenich Ingvild Van Lysebetten  Investor Relations Email: investor_relations@firmenich.com Firmenich media enquiries: Brunswick Group Joseph Chi Lo  Ed Brown Email: firmenichir@brunswickgroup.com Telephone: +44 20 7404 5959About FirmenichFirmenich  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and taste company  was founded in Geneva  Switzerland  in 1895  and has been family-owned for 127 years. Firmenich is a business-to-business company specialized in the research  creation  manufacture and sale of perfumes  flavors  and ingredients. Renowned for its excellent research  as well as its leadership in sustainability  Firmenich offers its customers innovation in formulation  a broad palette of ingredients  and proprietary technologies such as biotechnology. Firmenich delivered CHF 4.7bn of sales in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.[1] Growth at Constant Currency is used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate operating performance. We believe that the elimination of the effect of foreign currency variations can provide useful period–to–period comparisons of our operating performance and enable a better understanding of the underlying factors contributing to such performance. Growth at Constant Currency is computed by comparing current period results converted at prior period foreign exchange rates to prior period results at prior period foreign exchange rates[2] Adjusted EBITDA is the reported EBITDA  adjusted to eliminate the impact of identified items of non-recurring nature and/or not directly attributable to the operating performance that may materially distort period-to-period comparisons and/or the evaluation of our on-going business performance. Adjusted items comprise restructuring and transformation costs  acquisition and disposal-related costs  gain and loss on disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  and other items of a one-time and/or non-operating nature  which may include elements such as legal claims and settlements  or curtailments of defined benefits pension plans.SOURCE Firmenich",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['FIRMENICH DELIVERED DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH', 'FIRST QUARTER', 'FINANCIAL YEAR 2023', 'THE', 'Brunswick Group Joseph Chi Lo', 'First Quarter Financial Year 2023 Revenue Performance', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'increasing raw material costs', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Firmenich Ingvild Van Lysebetten', 'DSM–Firmenich ordinary shares', 'volume / mix', 'strong end-market demand', 'supply chain issues', 'first quarter results', 'other inflationary pressures', 'alternative performance measures', 'Firmenich International SA', 'Firmenich media enquiries', 'voluntary exchange offer', 'Further financial information', 'negative FX impact', 'other forward-looking statements', 'financial performance', 'same quarter', 'future performance', 'financial condition', 'prior year', 'capital costs', 'operating costs', 'other factors', 'exchange rates', 'Non-IFRS measures', 'Further information', 'flavour company', 'three months', 'Danube AG', 'share capital', 'regulated market', 'constant currency', 'balanced contribution', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'price actions', 'related results', 'future business', 'contingent liabilities', 'similar words', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'regulatory obligations', 'contact persons', 'Investor Relations', 'Ed Brown', 'business company', 'broad palette', 'proprietary technologies', 'Offering Circular', '200 basis points', 'future events', 'regulatory developments', 'annual report', 'taste company', 'excellent research', 'GENEVA', 'PRNewswire', 'world', 'announcement', 'connection', 'merger', 'publication', 'holders', 'listing', 'trading', 'Firmenich_Logo', 'CHF', 'increase', 'pricing', 'FY', 'geographies', 'customers', 'segments', 'Perfumery', 'Ingredients', 'divisions', 'website', 'creator', 'innovator', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'trends', 'plans', 'strategies', 'objectives', 'management', 'production', 'scheduling', 'provisions', 'tax', 'use', 'project', 'operations', 'guarantees', 'predictions', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'presentation', 'Readers', 'accordance', 'legal', 'changes', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Story', 'audit', 'review', 'indication', 'profitability', 'liquidity', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'recommendation', 'advice', 'Disclosure', '7:00 CEST', '22 November', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'investor_relations', 'firmenichir', 'Telephone', 'fragrance', 'Switzerland', '127 years', 'creation', 'manufacture', 'sale', 'perfumes', 'flavors', 'leadership', 'sustainability', 'innovation', 'formulation', 'biotechnology', '7bn']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221122005661/en/Teleperformance-Propels-Global-Reforestation-in-Partnership-with-One-Tree-Planted,Teleperformance Propels Global Reforestation in Partnership with One Tree Planted,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  today announces its partnership with One Tree Planted  a non-profit focused on globa…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  today announces its partnership with One Tree Planted  a non-profit focused on global reforestation  to fund the planting of 500 000 trees in India  Philippines  the Andes region  Portugal and the Southeastern United States. Additionally  Teleperformance is launching a fundraising program that will engage employees to match its commitment and fund the plantation of an additional 500 000 trees.""Teleperformance shares our belief that reforestation is a vital step in healing our planet  and we are excited to be partnering with them to further our impact. Through this partnership we will be able to plant more trees and benefit people  nature  and biodiversity."" - Matt Hill  President & Founder at One Tree PlantedSince 2008  Teleperformance has ensured that it operates in an environmentally friendly and responsible manner with its Citizen of the Planet initiative. As an early advocate for climate change action  the company reduces its environmental impact by adopting measures to better prepare it for a carbon-constrained world. Teleperformance’s partnership with One Tree Planted continues this commitment through the restoration of forests and the creation of habitats for biodiversity  making a positive social impact around the world.“At Teleperformance  we have long recognized how important a commitment to climate change action truly is and our partnership with One Tree Planted reflects that ” said Clémentine Gauthier-Medina  Group SVP of Corporate Social Responsibility  Teleperformance Group. “Through our Citizen of the Planet initiative and funding the planting of 500 000 trees  we help contribute to cleaner air  cleaner water  and a better environment for all.”Other commitments Teleperformance makes on behalf of the planet include climate pledges  science-based target initiatives  supporting clients’ sustainability goals  and encouraging employees and suppliers to reduce their global carbon footprint  among others.Daniel Julien  Chairman and CEO commented; “Over the decades  Teleperformance has progressively assumed more responsibility for charitable and environmental causes in the communities where we live and work and for the world in general. We only have one planet and we all need to protect it for our following generations. As citizens of the planet  Teleperformance is very happy to support this critical One Tree Planted reforestation initiative.”For more information on the One Tree Planted partnership  visit:https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/csr/force-of-good/one-tree-planted/About One Tree PlantedOne Tree Planted is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit on a mission to make it simple for anyone to help the environment by planting trees. Their projects span the globe and are done in partnership with local communities and knowledgeable experts to create an impact for nature  people  and wildlife. Reforestation helps to rebuild forests after fires and floods  provide jobs for social impact  and restore biodiversity. Many projects have overlapping objectives  creating a combination of benefits that contribute to the UN's Sustainable Development Goals. To learn more  visit onetreeplanted.orgAbout Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Global Reforestation', 'One Tree', 'Teleperformance', 'Partnership', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'critical One Tree Planted reforestation initiative', 'One Office support services model', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'One Tree Planted partnership', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'related digital services', 'Southeastern United States', 'Clémentine Gauthier-Medina', 'science-based target initiatives', 'clients’ sustainability goals', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'deferred settlement service', 'global carbon footprint', 'climate change action', 'optimized business processes', 'successful customer interaction', 'citizen experience management', 'Euronext Paris market', 'positive social impact', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global reforestation', 'global leader', 'Planet initiative', 'one planet', 'climate pledges', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'outsourced customer', 'Regulatory News', 'Andes region', 'fundraising program', 'vital step', 'Matt Hill', 'responsible manner', 'early advocate', 'Group SVP', 'cleaner air', 'cleaner water', 'Other commitments', 'Daniel Julien', 'environmental causes', 'following generations', '501(c)(3) nonprofit', 'knowledgeable experts', 'overlapping objectives', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer” process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'environmental impact', 'local communities', 'Many projects', 'TEP FP', 'carbon-constrained world', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Teleperformance shares', 'additional 500,000 trees', 'non-profit', 'planting', 'India', 'Philippines', 'Portugal', 'employees', 'plantation', 'belief', 'people', 'nature', 'biodiversity', 'President', 'Founder', 'friendly', 'company', 'measures', 'restoration', 'forests', 'creation', 'habitats', 'behalf', 'suppliers', 'others', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'decades', 'charitable', 'citizens', 'information', 'force', 'mission', 'globe', 'wildlife', 'fires', 'floods', 'jobs', 'combination', 'benefits', 'org', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', '88 countries', 'billions', 'connections', 'languages', '170 markets', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'Twitte']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-184900260.html,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Maranello (Italy)  November 21  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 ...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  November 21  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “First Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 14/11/2022 2 330 209.3235 487 723.76 - - - - 2 330 209.3235 487 723.76 15/11/2022 2 350 207.5212 487 674.82 6 719 215.3931 1 447 226.24 1 391 028.68 9 069 207.1566 1 878 703.50 16/11/2022 2 365 206.0567 487 324.10 3 964 214.5003 850 279.19 816 633.87 6 329 206.0291 1 303 957.97 17/11/2022 2 370 205.7594 487 649.78 6 779 212.7355 1 442 133.95 1 397 552.04 9 149 206.0555 1 885 201.82 18/11/2022 2 370 206.2727 488 866.30 3 286 215.3531 707 650.29 682 664.76 5 656 207.1307 1 171 531.06 11 785 206.9783 2 439 238.75 20 748 214.3479 4 447 289.67 4 287 879.35 32 533 206.7783 6 727 118.10 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such First Tranche till November 18  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 116 100 078.65 for No. 600 267 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 23 815 504.00 (Euro 23 974 440.67*) for No. 122 716 common shares purchased on the NYSE.Story continuesAs of November 18  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 11 788 093 common shares equal to 4.58% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.14,0.27,0.59,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', '150 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 600,267 common shares', 'No. 122,716 common shares', '11,788,093 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share capital', 'initial tranche', 'First Tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'June', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Consideration', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'November', 'Story', 'transactions', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-raises-10-million-private-063000401.html,Nicox Raises €10 Million in Private Placement,Press Release Nicox Raises €10 Million in Private Placement Net proceeds from the private placement to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024Warrants to be...,"NICOXPress ReleaseNicox Raises €10 Million in Private PlacementNet proceeds from the private placement to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024Warrants to be issued in the private placement could provide an additional €11.6 million proceeds if they were to be fully exercisedNovember 22  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced a financing through a private placement via the issuance of 6 849 316 new ordinary shares  each share with an attached warrant to acquire 6 849 316 additional new ordinary shares  at an offering price of €1.46 per share and associated warrant exercisable at a price of €1.70 (unit)  with anticipated gross proceeds of €10 million  representing net proceeds of approximately €8.9 million  excluding the potential exercise of the associated warrants.In parallel with this financing  Nicox exercised its option to extend the period of interest-only payment of its existing Kreos Capital debt by 6 months to January 1  2024. Capital repayments will therefore recommence from February 1  2024. This extension was conditional upon NCX 470 meeting the primary objective of non-inferiority to latanoprost in the recently reported Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial.The Company was previously financed to mid-November 2023. Proceeds from this equity financing  together with the extension of the period of interest-only payment of the Kreos debt  are expected to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024. This cash runway is based exclusively on the development of NCX 470. The calculation does not include any potential proceeds from the exercise of the warrants included in the private placement (the exercise of which are not under the Company’s control)  which could provide an additional €11.6 million in proceeds if they were to be fully exercised.Cash PositionThe Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €25.6 million (excluding the proceeds of this financing) as of September 30  2022 and outstanding debt of €21.4 million (including €18.6 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos signed in January 2019  a €2.0 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic  and financial lease agreements for €0.8 million). The Nicox Group's cash position after this private placement would amount to approximately €31 million.Story continuesAll of the figures related to the cash and debt position of the Nicox Group as of September 30  2022 are unaudited.Nicox has carried out a specific review of its liquidity risk and considers that the Company has sufficient net working capital to meet its cash requirements for the next twelve months and is financed until mid-May 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470.Upcoming milestones on key development programsDenali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: Topline results currently expected in 2025Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470: planned in H1 2023Portfolio and PipelineThe pipeline of product candidates and products is available on the Company’s website.NCX 470 is a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop  currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The first Phase 3 clinical trial  Mont Blanc  has been completed and results were announced on October 31  2022. A second Phase 3 clinical trial  Denali  is ongoing  with results currently expected in 2025. This is beyond the estimated cash runway (May 2024)  and therefore additional financing would be required to complete that trial. Two new Phase 3b clinical trials evaluating the dual mechanism of action (NO and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are planned to start in H1 2023. These new clinical trials will evaluate (i) the effect of NCX 470 on Episcleral Venous Pressure (EVP) and outflow through the trabecular meshwork and (ii) ocular perfusion via Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) angiography on retinal vessels. Together  these trials are designed to validate NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in humans and potentially demonstrate some of the beneficial effects on the retina that have been observed in nonclinical models. The Company is actively looking for commercial partners in the U.S. and Japan  to maximize the potential future value of NCX 470. In the Chinese market  NCX 470 is exclusively licensed to Ocumension Therapeutics  who are also jointly and equally funding the Denali clinical trial.NCX 1728 is an NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor under evaluation for development in certain retinal conditions. It is currently in nonclinical development. Progression in the nonclinical evaluation of NCX 1728 has established it as a potential candidate for indications in the area of retinal conditions  and therefore the Company will not conduct further evaluation of NCX 1728 for the lowering of IOP.NCX 4251 is a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals  in development for dry eye disease. NCX 4251 has completed a Phase 2 clinical trial  Mississippi  in blepharitis (announced September 23  2021)  which did not meet the primary or secondary efficacy endpoints. Post hoc results  announced November 30  2021  showed a statistically and clinically significant reduction in dry eye disease symptoms versus placebo in patients who scored more highly for a key sign of dry eye disease (fluorescein staining) and following a subsequent meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  the future development of NCX 4251 is focused on dry eye disease. No development activities are currently ongoing outside China pending the Company entering into a partnership for the development and commercialization of NCX 4251 in the U.S. Nicox is seeking a partner for the development and commercialization of NCX 4251 outside of the Chinese market where it is exclusively licensed to Ocumension.VYZULTA® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024%  indicated for the reduction of IOP in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension  is exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  a leading global eye health company. VYZULTA is commercialized in multiple countries including the U.S.  with other approvals and launches ongoing.ZERVIATE® (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24%  indicated for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis  has been exclusively licensed in the U.S. to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals and is commercialized there since March 2020. ZERVIATE has also been exclusively licensed to Ocumension for development and commercialization in the Chinese and the majority of the South East Asian markets. An additional Phase 3 clinical trial has been completed in China and a New Drug Application is in preparation. ZERVIATE is also the subject of exclusive licensing agreements with Samil Pharmaceutical in South Korea and Vietnam  with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group in the Gulf Arab States and with Laboratorios Grin in Mexico.The clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are expected to be fully financed with the proceeds of this equity financing. Results from the Denali trial for NCX 470 are currently expected in 2025  outside of the estimated cash runway  and therefore additional financing would be required to complete that trial. The planned costs of nonclinical activities associated with NCX 1728 are not significant. The costs of development and potential commercialization of Nicox’s product candidate and products NCX 4251  VYZULTA® and ZERVIATE® are  or would be  the responsibility of Nicox’s partners. The net book value of NCX 4251 was decreased to zero (reduction of €15.1 million in 2021 and €11.0 million in H1 2022) in the U.S. due to the additional costs and timings associated with the change in indication  and the subsequent decision to out-license the product. The net book value of ZERVIATE (€26.0 million) corresponds mainly to the value of the asset allocated to the Chinese territory where rights are granted to Ocumension. This follows an impairment (€12.7 million) to the value in the U.S. taking into consideration changes in the U.S. market for topical anti-allergics.Principal terms of the equity financingThe share capital increase without preferential rights  by issuance of 6 849 316 new ordinary shareswith attached warrants to acquire 6 849 316 additional new ordinary shares (the warrants  and together with the new shares  the units) was reserved for subscription by (i) one or more French or foreign companies or mutual funds investing in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector (une ou plusieurs sociétés ou fonds gestionnaires d’épargne collective de droit français ou de droit étranger investissant dans le secteur pharmaceutique/biotechnologique)  (ii) natural persons who regularly invest in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector (des personnes physiques investissant à titre habituel dans le secteur pharmaceutique/biotechnologique) or (iii) one or more credit institutions or any authorized investment services provider undertaking to acquire them for resale to the persons mentioned in (i) and (ii) above (un ou plusieurs établissements de crédit ou tout prestataire de services d’investissement habilité s’engageant à les acquérir pour les revendre aux personnes visées au (i) et (ii) ci-dessus)  pursuant to the 8th resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Nicox dated July 28  2022. There is only one investor participating in this financing.The Board of Directors set the issue price of the units at €1.46 (€1 nominal value and €0.46 issue premium) and the exercise price of the warrants at €1.70 on November 21  2022. In accordance with the methods for determination of the subscription price set in the 8th resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of July 28  2022  the issue price shows (i) a discount of 14.54% compared to the Volume Weighted Average Share Price of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris during the last three trading days preceding the setting of the issue price  i.e. €1.7084 and (ii) a discount of 52.6% compared to this average including the theoretical value of a warrant (i.e. €0.65  the theoretical value of the warrant having been obtained using the method Black Scholes and assuming volatility of 40%). The subscription price of each share resulting from the exercise of the warrants will be €1.70  which shows a discount of 0.49% to the Volume Weighted Average Share Price of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris during the last three trading days preceding the setting of the issue price. Following the completion of the capital increase  the new shares will represent 15.8% of the Company’s issued share capital before the capital increase and 13.7% after the capital increase. The settlement of the new shares is expected to occur on or about November 25  2022  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.If at any time whilst the warrants from this private placement are outstanding  the Company undergoes a merger by acquisition (fusion par absorption)  merger (fusion par création d’une nouvelle société)  division (scission)  or a change of control within the meaning assigned in article L.233-3 I of the French commercial code (Code de commerce)  and where the consideration for such transaction is securities at a per share value below the exercise price of the warrants  the warrant holder shall have the option to request the Company to repurchase the warrants and pay an amount determined on the basis of a Black Scholes formula. The warrant holder may only request such payment after closing of the transaction concerned. The assumptions to be used in the Black Scholes calculation  including a minimum level of volatility  have been set out in the warrant agreement  and are not the same as those for the valuation of the warrants as set out in the paragraph above. Based on the assumptions included in the warrant agreement  and todays interest rates  together with other market assumptions  if the Company was to be acquired today in a stock transaction  at a price of €1.69  and the warrant holder requested to the Company that they wished to receive the payment  the payment would be €7.2 million. This amount would be less if the price of the transaction was lower  it will decrease over time and is also subject to changes in the other assumptions used in the Black Scholes calculation. This amount would be paid after any amount due to Kreos Capital  should they decide to ask for repayment of the debt held by the company as a result of the transaction. In the case of transfer of the warrants to another warrant holder  the right to the option to request the repurchase of the warrants does not transfer to the new holder.If the warrants associated with this private placement were exercised in their entirety  the total gross proceeds would be approximately €11.6 million.The impact of this share capital increase  and of the warrants  should they be exercised  on (i) the stake held in the Company’s share capital by a shareholder holding 1%  and (ii) the share of equity (on a consolidated and per-share basis) as on September 30  2022  in each case calculated on a non-diluted and fully-diluted basis  i.e. taking into account the issuance of a maximum of 10 927 648 new shares upon (x) exercise of all outstanding previously issued warrants and stock options  and (y) the definitive acquisition of all free shares outstanding and (z) the conversion into shares of the Kreos convertible bonds is as follows:SHAREHOLDERS INTEREST (%) SHARE OF EQUITY PER SHARE BASIS (IN €) Non-diluted basis Fully-diluted basis * Non-diluted basis Fully-diluted basis*Before issue of new shares 1% of the share capital 0.80% 1.398 1.704 After issue of 6 849 316 new shares 0.86% 0.71% 1.386 1.660 After issue of 6 849 316 new shares and 6 849 316 shares resulting from warrants resulting from the exercise of all the warrants (according to the exercise parity of 1 warrants giving the right to subscribe to 1 share of the Company) 0.76% 0.64% 1.424 1.664* The calculations are based on the assumption that 6 622 848 warrants and 3 278 450 stock options will be exercised and that 1 026 350 free shares granted will be vested and that all Kreos convertible bonds will be converted into 900 000 shares.Directors and Executive Committee members of Nicox  including the Chief Executive Officer  have agreed to certain customary lock-up arrangements with the Placement Agents (as defined below) on the shares they hold in Nicox for a 90-day period from the settlement date (subject to certain customary exemptions).The Company has agreed to customary arrangements not to issue new shares or instruments giving rights to shares for a 90-day period from the settlement date  and has also agreed not to undertake any equity issue which involves a variable rate transaction for a 180-day period from the settlement date (in both cases subject to certain customary exceptions).Use of proceedsThe proceeds of the private placement will be exclusively allocated to the development of NCX 470. The potential gross proceeds related to the exercise of warrants granted in the context of this financing are not taken into account in this analysis. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the private placement  by order of priority  (i) to complete the final activities in the Mont Blanc trial on NCX 470 (approximately 34%)  (ii) continue to progress the Denali trial on NCX 470 (approximately 49%)  (iii) finance stability studies on the finished product and manufacture a validation batch of the active ingredient to generate information for the preparation of a New Drug Application (NDA) to the U.S. FDA (approximately 15%) and (iv) to complete clinical trials aiming to demonstrate the dual mechanism of action and the potential beneficial effects of NCX 470 on the retina (2%). It is estimated that the cash available  before the proceeds of the private placement  is sufficient to cover the fixed costs of the Company for two years. Therefore  the proceeds of the private placement will not be used to cover these costs. The proceeds from the issue  together with the extension of the interest-only period of the Kreos debt  are expected to extend the liquidity horizon until mid-May 2024 on the basis of development activities dedicated exclusively to NCX 470. The potential gross proceeds related to the exercise of the warrants (which are not in the control of the Company)  if any  are not taken into account in this analysis.Proceeds from this financing are not intended to be used to repay  in whole or in part  neither capital or interest  the debt from Kreos nor the loan agreement guaranteed by the French State  which are financed by the revenues generated by the license contracts.The potential proceeds from the exercise of the warrants  if any  would extend the cash runway up to the last quarter of 2024 on the basis of development activities dedicated exclusively to NCX 470. As an indication  the estimate of the net proceeds from the issue of the new shares is approximately €8.9 million. In the event that all of the warrants are exercised  the proceeds from the issuance of shares resulting from the warrants are estimated at approximately €11.6 million  or a maximum total net income of €20.5 million.The potential proceeds from the exercise of warrants issued in the context of a prior financing in December 2021  estimated at approximately €16.3 million  could extend the cash runway beyond 2024 and allow the completion of the Denali trial and finance the submission of an NDA for NCX 470 with the FDA.Listing of new sharesAn application will be made for the admission to listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris. The settlement of the new shares is expected to occur on or about November 25  2022  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.The Company will submit to the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) for approval a listing prospectus (the ""Listing Prospectus"")  composed of (i) the “Document d’Enregistrement Universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021” filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 under number D.22-0392  and its first amendment filed on May 19  2022 under the number D. 22-0392-A01  available on Nicox SA’s website (www.nicox.com) (""Universal Registration Document"") with (ii) its second amendment and (iii) a Note d’Opération in connection with the admission to trading and listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris and which will include a summary of the Prospectus.Risks factors that are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the Universal Registration Document 2021  as may be amended or supplemented from time to time.H.C. Wainwright & Co.  LLC  Bryan  Garnier & Co. Limited and Bryan  Garnier Securities SAS are acting as joint lead placement agents for the private placement (collectively  the ""Placement Agents"").Composition of Nicox’s Share CapitalThe table below reflects the positions to the best of the Company’s knowledge.ShareholdersBefore issue(as of November 22  2022)*After issueAfter issue and exercise of the entirety of the warrantsOn a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis** On a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis ** On a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis** Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights HBM1 3 019 102 6.98% 3 359 102 6.20% 3 019 102 6.03% 3 359 102 5.50% 3 019 102 5.30% 3 359 102 4.95% Armistice2 - - 2 720 000 5.02% 6 849 316 13.67% 9 569 316 15.68% 13 698 632 24.05% 16 418 632 24.19% Michele Garufi (Chairman and CEO of Nicox SA until May 31  2022 592 051 1.37% 1 037 051 1.91% 592 051 1.18% 1 037 051 1.70% 592 051 1.04% 1 037 051 1.53% Banque Publique d’Investissement 384 300 0.89% 384 300 0.71% 384 300 0.77% 384 300 0.63% 384 300 0.67% 384 300 0.57% Elizabeth Robinson (President of Nicox Srl until November 1  2022) 74 060 0.17% 74 060 0.14% 74 060 0.15% 74 060 0.12% 74 060 0.13% 74 060 0.11% Treasury shares 255 029 0.59% 255 029 0.47% 255 029 0.51% 255 029 0.42% 255 029 0.45% 255 029 0.38% Public 38 926 590 90% 46 349 238 85.55% 38 926 590 77.7% 46 349 238 75.95% 38 926 590 68.35% 46 349 238 68.28% Total 43 251 132 100% 54 178  780 100% 50 100 448 100% 61 028 096 100% 56 949 764 100% 67 877 412 100%1 HBM Healthcare Investments (Cayman) Ltd  a company registered in the Cayman Islands with its registered office at Governers Square  Suite #4-212-2  23 Limie Tree Bay Avenue  West Bay  Grand Cayman  Cayman Islands  is a subsidiary of HBM Healthcare Investments Ltd  a company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange under ISIN code CH0012627250 and mnemonic HBMN2Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd.  a company registered in the Cayman Islands* Based on the statutory and legal declarations received by the Company** The calculations are based on the assumption that 6 622 848 warrants and 3 278 450 stock options will be exercised and that 1 026 350 free shares granted will be vested and that all Kreos convertible bonds will be converted into 900 000 sharesThe main risks specific to securities are as follows:Existing shareholders who do not participate in the issue will see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted  this participation may also be diluted in the event of exercise of the warrants  conversion of the convertible bonds  as well as in the event of a new call to the marketThe volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantlyThe sales of Company shares could occur on the market and have an unfavorable impact on the Company's share price.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin analog  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in intraocular pressure lowering and retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox is headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment B: Mid Caps; Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio and Next 150 indexes.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.NicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comInvestors & MediaUnited States & EuropeLifeSci Advisors  LLCSandya von der WeidT +41 78 680 05 38svonderweid@lifesciadvisors.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document d’enregistrement universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 which is available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com)Nicox S.A.Drakkar 2Bât D  2405 route des DolinesCS 10313  Sophia Antipolis06560 Valbonne  FranceT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00F +33 (0)4 97 24 53 99DisclaimerThis announcement is for information purposes only and does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering by Nicox  nor a solicitation of an offer to subscribe for securities in any jurisdiction  including France.The securities referred to herein (the ""Securities"") may not be and will not be offered or sold to the public in France except to qualified investors and/or to a restricted circle of investors  acting for their own account  as defined in  and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the French Monetary and Financial Code.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the Securities requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant Member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant Member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant Member State.This announcement is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” (people with professional investment experience) falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents.This announcement and the information it contains do not constitute an offer of securities for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. The Securities may not be offered  sold or subscribed in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act""). The shares of Nicox have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and Nicox does not intend to register any portion of the offering in the United States  or to conduct a public offering of its securities in the United States.The distribution of this announcement in certain countries may be subject to specific regulations. The persons in possession of this announcement shall then get knowledge of any local restrictions and shall comply with these restrictions.Any decision to subscribe for Securities should only be made on the basis of public information about Nicox.A listing prospectus will be submitted to the AMF on 22 November  2022 (the ""Prospectus""). It will comprise (i) the 2021 universal registration document of the Nicox filed with the AMF under number D.22-0392 on 29 April 2022 (the ""URD"")  with its first amendment filed with the AMF under number D.22-0392-A01 on 19 May 2022 and its second amendment to be filed with the AMF on 22 November  2022 and (ii) a securities note  including a summary of the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus will be available free of charge at Nicox  Drakkar D  2405 route des Dolines  06560 Valbonne  Sophia-Antipolis  on the website of Nicox (www.nicox.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). These hyperlinks are included for the convenience of the investors and the contents of these websites is not incorporated by reference into this press release.No copy of this announcement has been or should be distributed or sent to the United States of America  Canada  Japan or Australia.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['Private Placement', 'Nicox', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor', 'first Phase 3 clinical trial', 'second Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', '6,849,316 additional new ordinary shares', 'sufficient net working capital', 'Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial', 'new clinical trials', 'existing Kreos Capital debt', '6,849,316 new ordinary shares', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'Denali clinical trial', 'financial lease agreements', 'Optical Coherence Tomography', 'potential future value', '€2.0 million credit agreement', 'open angle glaucoma', 'Episcleral Venous Pressure', 'potential retinal benefits', 'next twelve months', 'novel nitric oxide', 'key development programs', 'international ophthalmology company', 'bond financing agreement', 'The Nicox Group', 'Capital repayments', 'Kreos debt', 'additional financing', 'outstanding debt', 'debt position', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal vessels', 'retinal conditions', 'Net proceeds', 'potential proceeds', 'The Company', '€11.6 million proceeds', 'Private Placement', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'primary objective', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'specific review', 'liquidity risk', 'Upcoming milestones', 'ocular hypertension', 'dual mechanism', 'prostaglandin analog', 'product candidates', 'trabecular meshwork', 'ocular perfusion', 'beneficial effects', 'nonclinical models', 'commercial partners', 'U.S.', 'Chinese market', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'potential exercise', 'nonclinical development', 'cash runway', 'Cash Position', 'cash equivalents', 'cash requirements', 'Nicox SA', 'equity financing', 'gross proceeds', 'Press Release', 'offering price', 'interest-only payment', 'nonclinical evaluation', 'associated warrants', 'Topline results', 'IOP lowering', '6 months', 'mid-May', 'November', 'CET', 'France', 'issuance', 'parallel', 'option', 'period', 'January', 'February', 'extension', 'NCX', 'inferiority', 'latanoprost', 'calculation', 'control', 'September', 'form', 'August', 'context', 'Story', 'figures', 'patients', 'Initiation', 'action', 'H1', 'Portfolio', 'Pipeline', 'products', 'website', 'October', 'EVP', 'outflow', 'angiography', 'humans', 'Japan', 'Progression', '7:30']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-raises-10-million-private-063000991.html,Nicox Raises €10 Million in Private Placemen,Press Release Nicox Raises €10 Million in Private Placement Net proceeds from the private placement to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024Warrants to be...,"NICOXPress ReleaseNicox Raises €10 Million in Private PlacementNet proceeds from the private placement to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024Warrants to be issued in the private placement could provide an additional €11.6 million proceeds if they were to be fully exercisedNovember 22  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced a financing through a private placement via the issuance of 6 849 316 new ordinary shares  each share with an attached warrant to acquire 6 849 316 additional new ordinary shares  at an offering price of €1.46 per share and associated warrant exercisable at a price of €1.70 (unit)  with anticipated gross proceeds of €10 million  representing net proceeds of approximately €8.9 million  excluding the potential exercise of the associated warrants.In parallel with this financing  Nicox exercised its option to extend the period of interest-only payment of its existing Kreos Capital debt by 6 months to January 1  2024. Capital repayments will therefore recommence from February 1  2024. This extension was conditional upon NCX 470 meeting the primary objective of non-inferiority to latanoprost in the recently reported Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial.The Company was previously financed to mid-November 2023. Proceeds from this equity financing  together with the extension of the period of interest-only payment of the Kreos debt  are expected to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024. This cash runway is based exclusively on the development of NCX 470. The calculation does not include any potential proceeds from the exercise of the warrants included in the private placement (the exercise of which are not under the Company’s control)  which could provide an additional €11.6 million in proceeds if they were to be fully exercised.Cash PositionThe Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €25.6 million (excluding the proceeds of this financing) as of September 30  2022 and outstanding debt of €21.4 million (including €18.6 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos signed in January 2019  a €2.0 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic  and financial lease agreements for €0.8 million). The Nicox Group's cash position after this private placement would amount to approximately €31 million.Story continuesAll of the figures related to the cash and debt position of the Nicox Group as of September 30  2022 are unaudited.Nicox has carried out a specific review of its liquidity risk and considers that the Company has sufficient net working capital to meet its cash requirements for the next twelve months and is financed until mid-May 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470.Upcoming milestones on key development programsDenali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: Topline results currently expected in 2025Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470: planned in H1 2023Portfolio and PipelineThe pipeline of product candidates and products is available on the Company’s website.NCX 470 is a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop  currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The first Phase 3 clinical trial  Mont Blanc  has been completed and results were announced on October 31  2022. A second Phase 3 clinical trial  Denali  is ongoing  with results currently expected in 2025. This is beyond the estimated cash runway (May 2024)  and therefore additional financing would be required to complete that trial. Two new Phase 3b clinical trials evaluating the dual mechanism of action (NO and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are planned to start in H1 2023. These new clinical trials will evaluate (i) the effect of NCX 470 on Episcleral Venous Pressure (EVP) and outflow through the trabecular meshwork and (ii) ocular perfusion via Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) angiography on retinal vessels. Together  these trials are designed to validate NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in humans and potentially demonstrate some of the beneficial effects on the retina that have been observed in nonclinical models. The Company is actively looking for commercial partners in the U.S. and Japan  to maximize the potential future value of NCX 470. In the Chinese market  NCX 470 is exclusively licensed to Ocumension Therapeutics  who are also jointly and equally funding the Denali clinical trial.NCX 1728 is an NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor under evaluation for development in certain retinal conditions. It is currently in nonclinical development. Progression in the nonclinical evaluation of NCX 1728 has established it as a potential candidate for indications in the area of retinal conditions  and therefore the Company will not conduct further evaluation of NCX 1728 for the lowering of IOP.NCX 4251 is a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals  in development for dry eye disease. NCX 4251 has completed a Phase 2 clinical trial  Mississippi  in blepharitis (announced September 23  2021)  which did not meet the primary or secondary efficacy endpoints. Post hoc results  announced November 30  2021  showed a statistically and clinically significant reduction in dry eye disease symptoms versus placebo in patients who scored more highly for a key sign of dry eye disease (fluorescein staining) and following a subsequent meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  the future development of NCX 4251 is focused on dry eye disease. No development activities are currently ongoing outside China pending the Company entering into a partnership for the development and commercialization of NCX 4251 in the U.S. Nicox is seeking a partner for the development and commercialization of NCX 4251 outside of the Chinese market where it is exclusively licensed to Ocumension.VYZULTA® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024%  indicated for the reduction of IOP in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension  is exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  a leading global eye health company. VYZULTA is commercialized in multiple countries including the U.S.  with other approvals and launches ongoing.ZERVIATE® (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24%  indicated for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis  has been exclusively licensed in the U.S. to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals and is commercialized there since March 2020. ZERVIATE has also been exclusively licensed to Ocumension for development and commercialization in the Chinese and the majority of the South East Asian markets. An additional Phase 3 clinical trial has been completed in China and a New Drug Application is in preparation. ZERVIATE is also the subject of exclusive licensing agreements with Samil Pharmaceutical in South Korea and Vietnam  with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group in the Gulf Arab States and with Laboratorios Grin in Mexico.The clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are expected to be fully financed with the proceeds of this equity financing. Results from the Denali trial for NCX 470 are currently expected in 2025  outside of the estimated cash runway  and therefore additional financing would be required to complete that trial. The planned costs of nonclinical activities associated with NCX 1728 are not significant. The costs of development and potential commercialization of Nicox’s product candidate and products NCX 4251  VYZULTA® and ZERVIATE® are  or would be  the responsibility of Nicox’s partners. The net book value of NCX 4251 was decreased to zero (reduction of €15.1 million in 2021 and €11.0 million in H1 2022) in the U.S. due to the additional costs and timings associated with the change in indication  and the subsequent decision to out-license the product. The net book value of ZERVIATE (€26.0 million) corresponds mainly to the value of the asset allocated to the Chinese territory where rights are granted to Ocumension. This follows an impairment (€12.7 million) to the value in the U.S. taking into consideration changes in the U.S. market for topical anti-allergics.Principal terms of the equity financingThe share capital increase without preferential rights  by issuance of 6 849 316 new ordinary shareswith attached warrants to acquire 6 849 316 additional new ordinary shares (the warrants  and together with the new shares  the units) was reserved for subscription by (i) one or more French or foreign companies or mutual funds investing in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector (une ou plusieurs sociétés ou fonds gestionnaires d’épargne collective de droit français ou de droit étranger investissant dans le secteur pharmaceutique/biotechnologique)  (ii) natural persons who regularly invest in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector (des personnes physiques investissant à titre habituel dans le secteur pharmaceutique/biotechnologique) or (iii) one or more credit institutions or any authorized investment services provider undertaking to acquire them for resale to the persons mentioned in (i) and (ii) above (un ou plusieurs établissements de crédit ou tout prestataire de services d’investissement habilité s’engageant à les acquérir pour les revendre aux personnes visées au (i) et (ii) ci-dessus)  pursuant to the 8th resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Nicox dated July 28  2022. There is only one investor participating in this financing.The Board of Directors set the issue price of the units at €1.46 (€1 nominal value and €0.46 issue premium) and the exercise price of the warrants at €1.70 on November 21  2022. In accordance with the methods for determination of the subscription price set in the 8th resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of July 28  2022  the issue price shows (i) a discount of 14.54% compared to the Volume Weighted Average Share Price of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris during the last three trading days preceding the setting of the issue price  i.e. €1.7084 and (ii) a discount of 52.6% compared to this average including the theoretical value of a warrant (i.e. €0.65  the theoretical value of the warrant having been obtained using the method Black Scholes and assuming volatility of 40%). The subscription price of each share resulting from the exercise of the warrants will be €1.70  which shows a discount of 0.49% to the Volume Weighted Average Share Price of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris during the last three trading days preceding the setting of the issue price. Following the completion of the capital increase  the new shares will represent 15.8% of the Company’s issued share capital before the capital increase and 13.7% after the capital increase. The settlement of the new shares is expected to occur on or about November 25  2022  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.If at any time whilst the warrants from this private placement are outstanding  the Company undergoes a merger by acquisition (fusion par absorption)  merger (fusion par création d’une nouvelle société)  division (scission)  or a change of control within the meaning assigned in article L.233-3 I of the French commercial code (Code de commerce)  and where the consideration for such transaction is securities at a per share value below the exercise price of the warrants  the warrant holder shall have the option to request the Company to repurchase the warrants and pay an amount determined on the basis of a Black Scholes formula. The warrant holder may only request such payment after closing of the transaction concerned. The assumptions to be used in the Black Scholes calculation  including a minimum level of volatility  have been set out in the warrant agreement  and are not the same as those for the valuation of the warrants as set out in the paragraph above. Based on the assumptions included in the warrant agreement  and todays interest rates  together with other market assumptions  if the Company was to be acquired today in a stock transaction  at a price of €1.69  and the warrant holder requested to the Company that they wished to receive the payment  the payment would be €7.2 million. This amount would be less if the price of the transaction was lower  it will decrease over time and is also subject to changes in the other assumptions used in the Black Scholes calculation. This amount would be paid after any amount due to Kreos Capital  should they decide to ask for repayment of the debt held by the company as a result of the transaction. In the case of transfer of the warrants to another warrant holder  the right to the option to request the repurchase of the warrants does not transfer to the new holder.If the warrants associated with this private placement were exercised in their entirety  the total gross proceeds would be approximately €11.6 million.The impact of this share capital increase  and of the warrants  should they be exercised  on (i) the stake held in the Company’s share capital by a shareholder holding 1%  and (ii) the share of equity (on a consolidated and per-share basis) as on September 30  2022  in each case calculated on a non-diluted and fully-diluted basis  i.e. taking into account the issuance of a maximum of 10 927 648 new shares upon (x) exercise of all outstanding previously issued warrants and stock options  and (y) the definitive acquisition of all free shares outstanding and (z) the conversion into shares of the Kreos convertible bonds is as follows:SHAREHOLDERS INTEREST (%) SHARE OF EQUITY PER SHARE BASIS (IN €) Non-diluted basis Fully-diluted basis * Non-diluted basis Fully-diluted basis*Before issue of new shares 1% of the share capital 0.80% 1.398 1.704 After issue of 6 849 316 new shares 0.86% 0.71% 1.386 1.660 After issue of 6 849 316 new shares and 6 849 316 shares resulting from warrants resulting from the exercise of all the warrants (according to the exercise parity of 1 warrants giving the right to subscribe to 1 share of the Company) 0.76% 0.64% 1.424 1.664* The calculations are based on the assumption that 6 622 848 warrants and 3 278 450 stock options will be exercised and that 1 026 350 free shares granted will be vested and that all Kreos convertible bonds will be converted into 900 000 shares.Directors and Executive Committee members of Nicox  including the Chief Executive Officer  have agreed to certain customary lock-up arrangements with the Placement Agents (as defined below) on the shares they hold in Nicox for a 90-day period from the settlement date (subject to certain customary exemptions).The Company has agreed to customary arrangements not to issue new shares or instruments giving rights to shares for a 90-day period from the settlement date  and has also agreed not to undertake any equity issue which involves a variable rate transaction for a 180-day period from the settlement date (in both cases subject to certain customary exceptions).Use of proceedsThe proceeds of the private placement will be exclusively allocated to the development of NCX 470. The potential gross proceeds related to the exercise of warrants granted in the context of this financing are not taken into account in this analysis. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the private placement  by order of priority  (i) to complete the final activities in the Mont Blanc trial on NCX 470 (approximately 34%)  (ii) continue to progress the Denali trial on NCX 470 (approximately 49%)  (iii) finance stability studies on the finished product and manufacture a validation batch of the active ingredient to generate information for the preparation of a New Drug Application (NDA) to the U.S. FDA (approximately 15%) and (iv) to complete clinical trials aiming to demonstrate the dual mechanism of action and the potential beneficial effects of NCX 470 on the retina (2%). It is estimated that the cash available  before the proceeds of the private placement  is sufficient to cover the fixed costs of the Company for two years. Therefore  the proceeds of the private placement will not be used to cover these costs. The proceeds from the issue  together with the extension of the interest-only period of the Kreos debt  are expected to extend the liquidity horizon until mid-May 2024 on the basis of development activities dedicated exclusively to NCX 470. The potential gross proceeds related to the exercise of the warrants (which are not in the control of the Company)  if any  are not taken into account in this analysis.Proceeds from this financing are not intended to be used to repay  in whole or in part  neither capital or interest  the debt from Kreos nor the loan agreement guaranteed by the French State  which are financed by the revenues generated by the license contracts.The potential proceeds from the exercise of the warrants  if any  would extend the cash runway up to the last quarter of 2024 on the basis of development activities dedicated exclusively to NCX 470. As an indication  the estimate of the net proceeds from the issue of the new shares is approximately €8.9 million. In the event that all of the warrants are exercised  the proceeds from the issuance of shares resulting from the warrants are estimated at approximately €11.6 million  or a maximum total net income of €20.5 million.The potential proceeds from the exercise of warrants issued in the context of a prior financing in December 2021  estimated at approximately €16.3 million  could extend the cash runway beyond 2024 and allow the completion of the Denali trial and finance the submission of an NDA for NCX 470 with the FDA.Listing of new sharesAn application will be made for the admission to listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris. The settlement of the new shares is expected to occur on or about November 25  2022  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.The Company will submit to the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) for approval a listing prospectus (the ""Listing Prospectus"")  composed of (i) the “Document d’Enregistrement Universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021” filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 under number D.22-0392  and its first amendment filed on May 19  2022 under the number D. 22-0392-A01  available on Nicox SA’s website (www.nicox.com) (""Universal Registration Document"") with (ii) its second amendment and (iii) a Note d’Opération in connection with the admission to trading and listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris and which will include a summary of the Prospectus.Risks factors that are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the Universal Registration Document 2021  as may be amended or supplemented from time to time.H.C. Wainwright & Co.  LLC  Bryan  Garnier & Co. Limited and Bryan  Garnier Securities SAS are acting as joint lead placement agents for the private placement (collectively  the ""Placement Agents"").Composition of Nicox’s Share CapitalThe table below reflects the positions to the best of the Company’s knowledge.ShareholdersBefore issue(as of November 22  2022)*After issueAfter issue and exercise of the entirety of the warrantsOn a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis** On a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis ** On a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis** Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights HBM1 3 019 102 6.98% 3 359 102 6.20% 3 019 102 6.03% 3 359 102 5.50% 3 019 102 5.30% 3 359 102 4.95% Armistice2 - - 2 720 000 5.02% 6 849 316 13.67% 9 569 316 15.68% 13 698 632 24.05% 16 418 632 24.19% Michele Garufi (Chairman and CEO of Nicox SA until May 31  2022 592 051 1.37% 1 037 051 1.91% 592 051 1.18% 1 037 051 1.70% 592 051 1.04% 1 037 051 1.53% Banque Publique d’Investissement 384 300 0.89% 384 300 0.71% 384 300 0.77% 384 300 0.63% 384 300 0.67% 384 300 0.57% Elizabeth Robinson (President of Nicox Srl until November 1  2022) 74 060 0.17% 74 060 0.14% 74 060 0.15% 74 060 0.12% 74 060 0.13% 74 060 0.11% Treasury shares 255 029 0.59% 255 029 0.47% 255 029 0.51% 255 029 0.42% 255 029 0.45% 255 029 0.38% Public 38 926 590 90% 46 349 238 85.55% 38 926 590 77.7% 46 349 238 75.95% 38 926 590 68.35% 46 349 238 68.28% Total 43 251 132 100% 54 178  780 100% 50 100 448 100% 61 028 096 100% 56 949 764 100% 67 877 412 100%1 HBM Healthcare Investments (Cayman) Ltd  a company registered in the Cayman Islands with its registered office at Governers Square  Suite #4-212-2  23 Limie Tree Bay Avenue  West Bay  Grand Cayman  Cayman Islands  is a subsidiary of HBM Healthcare Investments Ltd  a company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange under ISIN code CH0012627250 and mnemonic HBMN2Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd.  a company registered in the Cayman Islands* Based on the statutory and legal declarations received by the Company** The calculations are based on the assumption that 6 622 848 warrants and 3 278 450 stock options will be exercised and that 1 026 350 free shares granted will be vested and that all Kreos convertible bonds will be converted into 900 000 sharesThe main risks specific to securities are as follows:Existing shareholders who do not participate in the issue will see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted  this participation may also be diluted in the event of exercise of the warrants  conversion of the convertible bonds  as well as in the event of a new call to the marketThe volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantlyThe sales of Company shares could occur on the market and have an unfavorable impact on the Company's share price.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin analog  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in intraocular pressure lowering and retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox is headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment B: Mid Caps; Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio and Next 150 indexes.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.NicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comInvestors & MediaUnited States & EuropeLifeSci Advisors  LLCSandya von der WeidT +41 78 680 05 38svonderweid@lifesciadvisors.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document d’enregistrement universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 which is available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com)Nicox S.A.Drakkar 2Bât D  2405 route des DolinesCS 10313  Sophia Antipolis06560 Valbonne  FranceT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00F +33 (0)4 97 24 53 99DisclaimerThis announcement is for information purposes only and does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering by Nicox  nor a solicitation of an offer to subscribe for securities in any jurisdiction  including France.The securities referred to herein (the ""Securities"") may not be and will not be offered or sold to the public in France except to qualified investors and/or to a restricted circle of investors  acting for their own account  as defined in  and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the French Monetary and Financial Code.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the Securities requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant Member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant Member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant Member State.This announcement is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” (people with professional investment experience) falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents.This announcement and the information it contains do not constitute an offer of securities for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. The Securities may not be offered  sold or subscribed in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act""). The shares of Nicox have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and Nicox does not intend to register any portion of the offering in the United States  or to conduct a public offering of its securities in the United States.The distribution of this announcement in certain countries may be subject to specific regulations. The persons in possession of this announcement shall then get knowledge of any local restrictions and shall comply with these restrictions.Any decision to subscribe for Securities should only be made on the basis of public information about Nicox.A listing prospectus will be submitted to the AMF on 22 November  2022 (the ""Prospectus""). It will comprise (i) the 2021 universal registration document of the Nicox filed with the AMF under number D.22-0392 on 29 April 2022 (the ""URD"")  with its first amendment filed with the AMF under number D.22-0392-A01 on 19 May 2022 and its second amendment to be filed with the AMF on 22 November  2022 and (ii) a securities note  including a summary of the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus will be available free of charge at Nicox  Drakkar D  2405 route des Dolines  06560 Valbonne  Sophia-Antipolis  on the website of Nicox (www.nicox.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). These hyperlinks are included for the convenience of the investors and the contents of these websites is not incorporated by reference into this press release.No copy of this announcement has been or should be distributed or sent to the United States of America  Canada  Japan or Australia.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['Private Placemen', 'Nicox', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor', 'first Phase 3 clinical trial', 'second Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', '6,849,316 additional new ordinary shares', 'sufficient net working capital', 'Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial', 'new clinical trials', 'existing Kreos Capital debt', '6,849,316 new ordinary shares', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'Denali clinical trial', 'financial lease agreements', 'Optical Coherence Tomography', 'potential future value', '€2.0 million credit agreement', 'open angle glaucoma', 'Episcleral Venous Pressure', 'potential retinal benefits', 'next twelve months', 'novel nitric oxide', 'key development programs', 'international ophthalmology company', 'bond financing agreement', 'The Nicox Group', 'Capital repayments', 'Kreos debt', 'additional financing', 'outstanding debt', 'debt position', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal vessels', 'retinal conditions', 'Net proceeds', 'potential proceeds', 'The Company', '€11.6 million proceeds', 'Private Placement', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'primary objective', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'specific review', 'liquidity risk', 'Upcoming milestones', 'ocular hypertension', 'dual mechanism', 'prostaglandin analog', 'product candidates', 'trabecular meshwork', 'ocular perfusion', 'beneficial effects', 'nonclinical models', 'commercial partners', 'U.S.', 'Chinese market', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'potential exercise', 'nonclinical development', 'cash runway', 'Cash Position', 'cash equivalents', 'cash requirements', 'Nicox SA', 'equity financing', 'gross proceeds', 'Press Release', 'offering price', 'interest-only payment', 'nonclinical evaluation', 'associated warrants', 'Topline results', 'IOP lowering', '6 months', 'mid-May', 'November', 'CET', 'France', 'issuance', 'parallel', 'option', 'period', 'January', 'February', 'extension', 'NCX', 'inferiority', 'latanoprost', 'calculation', 'control', 'September', 'form', 'August', 'context', 'Story', 'figures', 'patients', 'Initiation', 'action', 'H1', 'Portfolio', 'Pipeline', 'products', 'website', 'October', 'EVP', 'outflow', 'angiography', 'humans', 'Japan', 'Progression', '7:30']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2561262/0/en/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-Investor-Conference.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference,Montrouge  France  November 22  2022        DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference        DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV –...,English FrenchMontrouge  France  November 22  2022DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor ConferenceDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced its participation in the 5th Annual Evercore ISI HealthCONx Conference taking place Nov. 29 – Dec. 1  2022. Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer  will participate in a Fireside Chat session on Wednesday  Nov. 30  at 8 a.m. ET  as well as one-on-one investor meetings throughout the day.A live webcast of the fireside chat will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://wsw.com/webcast/evercore29/dbvt/2371680.A replay will also be available on DBV Technologies’ website for 90 days after the event.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'DBV Technologies', '5th Annual Evercore ISI HealthCONx Conference', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'food allergic patients', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'broad potential applications', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operations', 'one investor meetings', 'one ordinary share', 'Fireside Chat session', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'DBV Technologies’ website', 'global headquarters', 'Investor Contact', 'ordinary shares', 'English French', 'Daniel Tassé', 'live webcast', 'Media section', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'intact skin', 'new class', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'Media Contact', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Anne Pollak', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'Angela Marcucci', 'Viaskin™', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'November', 'DBVT', 'participation', 'place', 'Dec.', 'Wednesday', 'Nov.', '8 a', 'Investors', 'replay', '90 days', 'event', 'EPIT™', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000786.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6298 £ 24.2491 Estimated MTD return -1.72 % -1.66 % Estimated YTD return -5.38 % -4.17 % Estimated ITD return 176.30 % 142.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.20 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.52 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.4390 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.3629The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221122005590/en/Medidata-Patient-Insights-Leader-Alicia-Staley-Honored-by-National-Coalition-for-Cancer-Survivorship,Medidata Patient Insights Leader Alicia Staley Honored by National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata Patient Insights Board leader Alicia Staley won the Stovall Award for patient advocacy from the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  announced that vice president for Patient Engagement and leader of its Patient Insights Board Alicia Staley has been honored with the Ellen L. Stovall Award for patient advocacy from the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship (NCCS).“ Alicia’s influence as a leader reaches a national and  in fact  a global audience. Alicia is one of the most effective community builders  a collaborator  and a facilitator within groups of people seeking to improve care for cancer patients and their families ” said Anne Marie Mercurio  a patient advocate who sits on the Medidata Patient Insights Board. “ Her first-hand knowledge of cancer care and delivery after three separate primary diagnoses spanning several decades has afforded her a unique perspective and a variety of experiences which she infuses into everything she does.”Staley leads Medidata’s Patient Insights Board  and pioneered its proprietary Patient Centricity by Design process to guide the creation of protocols and patient-facing solutions to improve clinical trial experiences  expedite clinical trial delivery timelines  and bring therapies to market faster.“ Alicia is one of the most respected voices and creative influences in increasing patient engagement in clinical trials ” said Anthony Costello  Medidata Patient Cloud CEO. “ She consistently brings the patient perspective to the development of new innovation across all of Medidata’s technologies.”NCCS recognized Staley at the annual Ellen L. Stovall Award Reception in Washington  D.C.“ Alicia has dedicated her life to advocacy – helping other cancer survivors navigate their treatment and survivorship  connecting advocates with researchers  and making sure that people touched by cancer have a seat at the table when decisions are made ” said NCCS CEO Shelley Fuld Nasso. “ As a co-founder of the breast cancer social media (#BCSM) community  she created a worldwide network of patients  advocates  caregivers  clinicians  and researchers  providing support and advocating for better cancer care.”The NCCS mission is to advocate for quality cancer care for all people touched by cancer. Founded by and for cancer survivors  NCCS created the widely accepted definition of survivorship and defines someone as a cancer survivor from the time of diagnosis and for the balance of life.Medidata is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes  which with its 3DEXPERIENCE platform is positioned to lead the digital transformation of life sciences in the age of personalized medicine with the first end-to-end scientific and business platform  from research to commercialization.About MedidataMedidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences  creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical  biotech  medical device and diagnostics companies  and academic researchers accelerate value  2 000+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development  commercial  and real-world data. Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @Medidata.About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,mixed,0.28,0.25,0.47,True,English,"['Medidata Patient Insights Leader', 'Alicia Staley', 'National Coalition', 'Cancer Survivorship', 'annual Ellen L. Stovall Award Reception', 'French “société européenne', 'NCCS CEO Shelley Fuld Nasso', 'three separate primary diagnoses', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'breast cancer social media', 'Dassault Systèmes company', 'clinical trial delivery timelines', 'Medidata Patient Cloud CEO', 'Medidata Patient Insights Board', 'effective community builders', 'Anne Marie Mercurio', 'clinical trial experiences', 'virtual twin experiences', 'proprietary Patient Centricity', 'The NCCS mission', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'New York City', 'other cancer survivors', 'quality cancer care', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', 'clinical trials', 'Patient Engagement', 'patient advocate', 'patient perspective', 'patient advocacy', 'vice president', 'global audience', 'first-hand knowledge', 'several decades', 'unique perspective', 'Design process', 'patient-facing solutions', 'respected voices', 'creative influences', 'Anthony Costello', 'D.C.', 'worldwide network', 'digital transformation', 'personalized medicine', 'first end', 'end scientific', 'medical device', 'diagnostics companies', 'trusted platform', 'real-world data', 'Euronext Paris', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'other countries', 'new innovation', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business platform', 'Cancer Survivorship', 'National Coalition', 'life sciences', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'cancer patients', 'academic researchers', '2,000+ customers', 'Alicia Staley', '140 countries', '300,000 customers', 'leader', 'fact', 'collaborator', 'facilitator', 'groups', 'people', 'families', 'variety', 'everything', 'creation', 'protocols', 'market', 'development', 'technologies', 'Washington', 'treatment', 'advocates', 'seat', 'table', 'decisions', 'founder', 'caregivers', 'clinicians', 'support', 'accepted', 'definition', 'someone', 'diagnosis', 'balance', 'subsidiary', 'commercialization', 'hope', 'millions', 'evidence', 'value', 'partners', 'DSY', 'offices', 'needs', 'catalyst', 'applications', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invibes-advertising-announces-ambitious-sustainability-164600306.html,Invibes Advertising announces ambitious sustainability targets,Press release Invibes Advertising announces ambitious sustainability targets London  22 November 2022 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company...,Press releaseInvibes Advertising announces ambitioussustainability targetsLondon  22 November 2022 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  publishes the results of an assessment of its energy performance and announces a set of ambitious sustainability targets for the coming years.In order to contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from the advertising sector  Invibes Advertising has launched an internal programme to assess and improve its energy performance  notably the impact of its digital ad campaigns.Invibes Advertising’s virtuous energy mixThe most significant part of the Group’s energy consumption is related to its outsourced servers. They are housed by two main service providers that represent 99% of its servers’ average load. One of them is operating on 100% green electricity and the other one on 78% renewable energy.In addition  Invibes Advertising runs some of its applications using carbon neutral cloud services.Impact of Invibes Advertising’s campaignsThe Company made an assessmenti of the average carbon footprint of its advertising campaigns in September 2022:The first step was to calculate the carbon footprint of Invibes Advertising’s technology platform for each ad impression  using the energy consumption of the Company’s servers  the type of energy used by the service providers housing those servers  and the number of ad impressions they powered in September 2022.The second step was to estimate the carbon footprint of an ad impression on the end-user side  based on the number of ad impressions for each type of device used to view our ads in September 2022  statistical data about energy consumption of devices used  as well as information about the carbon footprint of electricity in the country where end-users are located.Finally  we estimated the energy consumption and carbon footprint of the network between our servers and the end-user  based on data about the energy intensity of the internet in kWh/GB  as well as the carbon footprint of electricity in the countries where end-users are viewing our ads.Story continuesThis overall calculation resulted in an average energy consumption of 0.22kWh per 1 000 ad impressions in September 2022  corresponding to an average of 26.1 grams CO2 emissions per 1 000 ad impressions. In comparison  an average Display campaign has been estimated to emit 15% more CO2 (30 grams CO2 per 1 000 ad impressionsii).To a large extent  the lower carbon footprint of Invibes’ campaigns results from the fully integrated nature of its technology platform that allows for efficient processes  as well as the low carbon footprint of the Company’s servers. In addition  Invibes Advertising’s smart targeting allows its campaigns to achieve great effectiveness with an optimised number of impressions  thus further minimising their carbon impact.Benefits of technological independenceInvibes Advertising’s proprietary technology platform has been designed with process optimisation in mind  improving technical performance  reducing associated costs  and bringing benefits in terms of energy efficiency.As it has full control over its technology platform  Invibes Advertising is able to constantly evolve and improve. A large part of the Company’s R&D effort aims to achieve higher efficiency to ensure scalability  which also has advantages in terms of energy consumption.Invibes Advertising’s ambitious sustainability targetsIn line with its core value of always innovating in all aspects of its activity  Invibes Advertising has launched several initiatives to lower the carbon footprint of its campaigns:Actions to reduce the carbon footprint of processes directly within Invibes’ control  by decreasing the platform’s energy consumption and prioritising green sources of electricity.Actions to reduce its campaigns’ energy consumption outside Invibes’ realm  at the network and end-user level  bearing in mind that the carbon footprint of the electricity used there is not within the Company’s control.The Company has defined a series of goals it aims to achieve:Half-yearly tracking and publication of the carbon footprint of Invibes ’ ad campaigns .99 % green energy for outsourced serv ers by the end of 2023 .10% annual reduction of the energy consumption associated with Invibes’ ad campaigns for the next 3 years.This will allow Invibes Advertising to deliver Excellence to its clients in the ever more important aspect of reducing their advertising activities’ carbon impact.About Invibes AdvertisingInvibes Advertising is an international technology company specializing in digital advertising innovation. Founded in 2011 by co-CEOs Kris Vlaemynck and Nicolas Pollet  Invibes Advertising has developed an integrated technology platform designed to strengthen the relationship between brands and consumers through in-feed ads.At Invibes Advertising we believe in the power of connections.The power of connecting brands directly with consumers to enable more meaningful interactions.The power of connecting big data  innovative in-feed formats  wide reach and extensive intelligence services in a single  holistic platform to bring brands and consumers together seamlessly and efficiently.The power of connecting a unique pull of passionate  dynamic and knowledgeable in-feed specialists from across the globe to make up the extraordinary team that is Invibes Advertising.In order to partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Volkswagen  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people to share our innovations with the world. Along with our unwavering belief in technological potential  more fundamentally  we believe in the potential of our people. At Invibes Advertising we actively strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes Advertising? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)For our latest press releases  go to:https://www.invibes.com/uk/en/investors.htmlKeep up with all the latest news on Invibes Advertising:LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Kris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.comAudrey Mela  VP Investor Relationsaudrey.mela@invibes.comi The methodology used is presented in more detail in the following document:https://www.invibes.com/documents/2022%2011%2014%20-%20PR%20-%20Invibes%20Advertising%20EN.pdfii The Carbon Footprint of Media Campaigns  March 2022  fifty-fiveAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,positive,0.72,0.24,0.04,True,English,"['ambitious sustainability targets', 'Invibes Advertising', 'carbon neutral cloud services', 'two main service providers', 'advertising activities’ carbon impact', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'R&D effort', 'CEOs Kris Vlaemynck', 'average Display campaign', 'outsourced serv ers', 'virtuous energy mix', '26.1 grams CO2 emissions', 'digital advertising innovation', 'proprietary technology platform', 'lower carbon footprint', 'low carbon footprint', 'ambitious sustainability targets', 'advanced technology company', 'international technology company', 'average carbon footprint', 'integrated technology platform', 'servers’ average load', 'digital ad campaigns', 'average energy consumption', 'Invibes ’ ad campaigns', 'Invibes’ ad campaigns', 'campaigns’ energy consumption', 'integrated nature', 'ad impression', 'Invibes Advertising', 'advertising sector', 'advertising campaigns', 'energy performance', '78% renewable energy', 'energy intensity', 'energy efficiency', '99 % green energy', 'Invibes’ realm', 'Press release', 'coming years', 'internal programme', 'significant part', 'outsourced servers', 'first step', 'second step', 'overall calculation', 'large extent', 'smart targeting', 'great effectiveness', 'technological independence', 'process optimisation', 'technical performance', 'associated costs', 'large part', 'higher efficiency', 'core value', 'several initiatives', 'green sources', 'Half-yearly tracking', 'next 3 years', 'important aspect', 'Nicolas Pollet', 'meaningful interactions', 'Invibes’ control', 'end-user side', 'full control', 'end-user level', 'statistical data', 'efficient processes', '10% annual reduction', 'The Company', 'feed ads', '100% green electricity', 'impressions', 'London', 'results', 'assessment', 'set', 'order', 'Group', 'other', 'addition', 'applications', 'September', 'type', 'number', 'device', 'information', 'country', 'end-users', 'network', 'internet', 'kWh/GB', 'countries', 'Story', '0.22kWh', 'comparison', 'Benefits', 'mind', 'terms', 'scalability', 'advantages', 'line', 'aspects', 'activity', 'series', 'goals', 'publication', 'Excellence', 'clients', 'relationship', 'brands', 'consumers', 'power', 'connections']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000092.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6298 £ 24.2491 Estimated MTD return -1.72 % -1.66 % Estimated YTD return -5.38 % -4.17 % Estimated ITD return 176.30 % 142.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.20 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.52 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.4390 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.3629The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/progress-share-buyback-programme-070000160.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme ING announced today that  in line with the launch of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November...,ING GroupProgress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  in line with the launch of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November 2022  the company has repurchased 19 209 543 shares during the week of 14 November 2022 up to and including 18 November 2022.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €11.26 for a total amount of €216 343 064.66. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date 53 975 602 ordinary shares at an average price of €11.07 for a total consideration of €597 607 325.12. To date approximately 39.84% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Story continuesIMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.28,0.31,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'leading providers Euronext', 'maximum total value', 'financial economic crimes', 'major market participant', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'general economic conditions', 'related response measures', 'Group Investor Relations', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'prudential supervision', 'financial services', 'Investor enquiries', 'leading position', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'European Union', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'regulatory consequences', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'average price', 'detailed information', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'United Kingdom', 'equivalence decisions', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'total number', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', '975,602 ordinary shares', 'Group shares', '19,209,543 shares', 'Progress', 'line', 'launch', '3 November', '14 November', '18 November', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Morningstar', 'Story', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'withdrawal', 'authorizations', '53']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hyloris-pharmaceuticals-broadens-pipeline-nasal-170000765.html,Hyloris Pharmaceuticals Broadens Pipeline with a Nasal Product Candidate for Idiopathic Rhinitis,Hyloris Pharmaceuticals Broadens Pipeline with a Proprietary Intranasal Product Candidate of a TRPV11 agonist (HY-083) for Idiopathic Rhinitis Hyloris...,"Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SAHyloris Pharmaceuticals Broadens Pipeline with a Proprietary Intranasal Product Candidate of a TRPV11 agonist (HY-083) for Idiopathic RhinitisHyloris targets a condition that affects up to 7% of the global adult population without any satisfactory treatment currently availableThe addition of this new value-added product candidate brings Hyloris toward its goal of 30 assets before 2025Conference call Wednesday November 2 3rd at 4 pm CET/ 10AM E S T (details below)Regulated Information - Inside Information - Liège  Belgium – 22 November 2022 – 6PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announced the development of a new proprietary formulation – a TRPV1 agonist - administered intranasally as a spray  to treat idiopathic rhinitis.Idiopathic rhinitis is a medical disorder characterized by a collection of nasal symptoms that resemble nasal allergies and hay fever (allergic rhinitis) but are not caused by a known cause like allergens or infectious triggers. Idiopathic rhinitis features an overexpression of TRPV1 in the nasal mucosa giving rise to nasal obstruction  rhinorrhoea (colloquially: a runny nose)  and/or sneezing.Hyloris’ treatment approach is to activate and depolarize TRPV1 receptors leading to restoration of a normal function of the nasal mucosa. Current treatment options for idiopathic rhinitis are not consistently successful. This leads to unnecessary and often ineffective surgery for severe cases  such as nasal septal corrections and/or inferior turbinate reductions.Stijn Van Rompay  Chief Executive Officer of Hyloris  commented: “We are pleased to announce another value-added product candidate to add to our portfolio of programs. This proprietary intranasal product candidate with a well-known mechanism of action should solve a large unmet medical need and offer patients rapid and sustainable relief.”Story continues“Our focused strategy to acquire new value-added product candidates has brought us closer to our goal of reaching 30 assets in our portfolio before 2025. This has solidified our positioning to be a market leader in the development of value-added product candidates utilizing the expedited and cost-effective 505(b)2 regulatory strategy in the U.S. We aim to develop a low-dose application that can be administered locally via a nasal spray first in Europe before pursing global roll-out.”Peter Hellings  Full Professor at the University of Leuven  Belgium  and Chair of EUFOREA (European Forum for Research and Education in Allergy and Airways diseases)  commented: ”Idiopathic rhinitis is a burdensome condition of the nasal mucosa with no satisfactory medical or surgical treatment  where attempted symptom management fails in nearly all cases. It is a chronic condition associated with interrupted sleep  irritability and poor concentration. Hence  it can be a severe detriment to quality of life and capacity to work.”“Current treatment tries to combine an antihistamine and an intranasal corticosteroid used in other rhinitis types which has yielded only poor results. For severe cases  patients often turn to surgery which is not a cure either. Our strategy is to defunctionalize the overactivated sensory nerve fibres by a targeted  local acting medicinal product and present clinical evidence of efficacy and safety.”CONFERENCE CALLHyloris will host a conference call on Wednesday November 23rd at 4PM CET/10AM EST  in attendance of Prof. Dr. Peter Hellings. The webcast may be accessed via Microsoft Teams using the following details or by clicking here.Join on your computer or mobile appMeeting ID : 320 762 272 784Passcode : 3VU5RSOr call in (audio only)+32 4 290 22 87Phone Conference ID: 151 901 636#About RhinitisRhinitis is defined as the presence of at least one of the following symptoms for more than 1 hour per day: nasal congestion/obstruction  rhinorrhoea  sneezing  and nasal itching.Chronic rhinitis can be divided into 3 phenotypes: allergic  infectious and non-allergic/non-infectious. For allergic and /infectious rhinitis  current medicinal products are available such as decongestant spray/tablets  antihistamines or corticosteroids.Idiopathic rhinitis is the largest group within the non-allergic/non-infectious rhinitis group. It occurs in around 7% of the total population  representing an estimated 19 million people in the US alone. 13% of them have moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis  leading them to actively seek specialist treatment and  who can not provide consistent treatment with the currently available therapy options.These patients typically live through several years of failed treatment options  adding frustration and wasted expenses to the medical symptoms impacting their quality of life. Rapid relief through a nasal spray should reduce overall treatment costs  improve quality of life and make potentially unsuccessful surgical procedures redundant.About Hyloris PharmaceuticalsHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimizing existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 14 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has four high barrier generic products in development. Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialization with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit www.hyloris.com and follow-us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Issuer focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.1 TRPV1 is Transient Receptor Potential cation channel subfamily V member 1. The function of TRPV1 is detection and regulation of body temperature. In addition  TRPV1 provides a sensation of scalding heat and pain (nociception)Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.09,0.09,0.82,True,English,"['Nasal Product Candidate', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals', 'Idiopathic Rhinitis', 'Pipeline', 'targeted, local acting medicinal product', 'moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis', '10AM E S T', 'new value-added product candidate', 'Proprietary Intranasal Product Candidate', 'cost-effective 505(b)2 regulatory strategy', 'large unmet medical need', 'Prof. Dr. Peter Hellings', 'value-added product candidates', 'new proprietary formulation', 'current medicinal products', 'unmet medical needs', 'specialty biopharma company', 'inferior turbinate reductions', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sensory nerve fibres', 'unsuccessful surgical procedures', 'overall treatment costs', 'other rhinitis types', 'failed treatment options', 'nasal septal corrections', 'global adult population', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Current treatment options', 'Phone Conference ID', 'allergic/non-infectious rhinitis group', 'Hyloris’ treatment approach', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals Hyloris', 'intranasal corticosteroid', 'U.S.', 'surgical treatment', 'severe detriment', 'therapy options', 'medical disorder', 'satisfactory medical', 'medical symptoms', 'global roll-out', 'Meeting ID', 'largest group', 'total population', 'satisfactory treatment', 'specialist treatment', 'consistent treatment', 'severe cases', 'focused strategy', 'Conference call', 'Chronic rhinitis', 'nasal symptoms', 'nasal allergies', 'nasal mucosa', 'nasal obstruction', 'nasal congestion/obstruction', 'nasal itching', 'TRPV11 agonist', 'Regulated Information', 'Inside Information', 'Liège', '6PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'hay fever', 'infectious triggers', 'runny nose', 'normal function', 'sustainable relief', 'market leader', 'low-dose application', 'Full Professor', 'European Forum', 'Airways diseases', 'symptom management', 'poor concentration', 'poor results', 'clinical evidence', '4PM CET', 'Microsoft Teams', 'mobile app', 'following symptoms', 'decongestant spray/tablets', '19 million people', 'several years', 'nasal spray', 'allergic rhinitis', 'TRPV1 agonist', 'TRPV1 receptors', 'burdensome condition', 'chronic condition', 'ineffective surgery', 'Wednesday November', 'following details', 'Rapid relief', '22 November', 'Pipeline', 'addition', 'goal', '30 assets', 'Belgium', 'development', 'collection', 'cause', 'allergens', 'overexpression', 'rise', 'rhinorrhoea', 'sneezing', 'restoration', 'unnecessary', 'portfolio', 'programs', 'mechanism', 'action', 'patients', 'Story', 'positioning', 'expedited', 'University', 'Leuven', 'Chair', 'EUFOREA', 'Research', 'Education', 'Allergy', 'sleep', 'irritability', 'quality', 'life', 'capacity', 'antihistamine', 'cure', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'attendance', 'webcast', 'computer', 'Passcode', '3VU5RS', 'presence', '1 hour', '3 phenotypes', 'corticosteroids', 'frustration', 'expenses']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2561128/0/en/Voltalia-signs-an-innovative-co-development-partnership-agreement-with-Uzbekistan.html,Voltalia signs an innovative co-development partnership agreement with Uzbekistan,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  with extensive experience in multi-energy sites  announces a co-development partnership for a renewable and adaptable electricity cluster comprising solar  wind…,"English FrenchVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  with extensive experience in multi-energy sites  announces a co-development partnership for a renewable and adaptable electricity cluster comprising solar  wind and battery storage capacities with a total output of between 400 and 500 megawatts.On the sidelines of President Mirziyoyev's official visit to France  the Uzbek government and Voltalia signed  in the presence of the EBRD (European Bank for Reconstruction and Development)  a partnership agreement for the co-development of an electricity cluster  the first of its kind in Central Asia. It will promote the uptake of renewable energy and reduce congestion on the electricity grid.The installed capacity will be between 400 and 500 megawatts  which will be split around:200 megawatts of solar 200 megawatts of wind and60 megawatts / 240 megawatt-hours of battery storage.The site will be selected jointly by Voltalia and the Uzbek Ministry of Energy. Commissioning is planned from 2026.The cluster will produce more than one terawatt-hour annually  covering the electricity needs of more than 800 000 inhabitants and avoiding the emission of at least 500 000 tonnes of CO 2 into the atmosphere each year.The partnership is tripartite between the Ministry of Energy  the Ministry of Investments and Foreign Trade (MIFT) and Voltalia. The Uzbek government wants to increase the country's energy independence. To ensure its security and growth  Uzbekistan is aiming for 8 gigawatts of renewable capacity by 2026 and 12 gigawatts by 2030.Voltalia's international development teams  based in Paris  are monitoring the Uzbek market in the context of Voltalia's partnership with one of its shareholders  the EBRD. Voltalia participated in a first wind tender in 2021 and is currently participating in another solar tender sponsored by the IFC (World Bank Group).In the presence of Shavkat Mirziyoyev  President of the Republic of Uzbekistan  Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia declared: ""We are particularly proud to support the energy transition in Uzbekistan. This cluster project  which combines three technologies  is a first in the region. We want Uzbekistan to benefit from our long experience in multi-energy clusters  which comes from very large projects  such as Serra Branca in Brazil (wind and solar) or smaller ones  such as Toco in French Guiana (solar and storage)"".Next on the agenda: Revenues Q4 2022  on January 25  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.4 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 450 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Loris DaougabelEmail: ldaougabel@actifin.fr T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['development partnership agreement', 'innovative co', 'Voltalia', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'energy efficiency services', 'World Bank Group', 'battery storage capacities', 'renewable energy sector', 'The Uzbek government', 'first wind tender', 'international development teams', 'adaptable electricity cluster', 'renewable energy projects', 'European Bank', 'The Group', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'renewable capacity', 'energy independence', 'energy transition', 'English French', 'ISIN code', 'extensive experience', 'multi-energy sites', 'total output', 'official visit', 'Central Asia', 'installed capacity', 'one terawatt', 'Foreign Trade', 'Uzbek market', 'Shavkat Mirziyoyev', 'cluster project', 'three technologies', 'long experience', 'multi-energy clusters', 'large projects', 'Serra Branca', 'French Guiana', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'electricity grid', 'electricity needs', 'green electricity', 'solar tender', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Uzbek Ministry', 'President Mirziyoyev', 'partnership agreement', 'investor clients', 'development partnership', 'Voltalia', '500 megawatts', 'sidelines', 'France', 'presence', 'EBRD', 'Reconstruction', 'kind', 'uptake', 'congestion', '200 megawatts', '60 megawatts', '240 megawatt-hours', 'Commissioning', '800,000 inhabitants', 'emission', '500,000 tonnes', 'atmosphere', 'Investments', 'MIFT', 'country', 'security', 'growth', '8 gigawatts', '12 gigawatts', 'context', 'shareholders', 'IFC', 'Republic', 'CEO', 'region', 'Brazil', 'smaller', 'Toco', 'agenda', 'Revenues', 'January', 'operation', '2.4 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,450 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment', '400', '1 56']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221122005694/en/Acticor-Biotech-World%E2%80%99s-First-Clinical-Trial-to-Test-New-Drug-Glenzocimab-for-Heart-Attacks,Acticor Biotech: World’s First Clinical Trial to Test New Drug Glenzocimab for Heart Attacks,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Partnership between the University of Birmingham and Acticor Biotech (Paris:ALACT) will see patients with heart attacks treated with glenzocimab  a promising new class of drug for the first time. A potential new drug to improve the lon…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Partnership between the University of Birmingham and Acticor Biotech (Paris:ALACT) will see patients with heart attacks treated with glenzocimab  a promising new class of drug for the first time.A potential new drug to improve the long-term outcomes for heart attack patients will be trialled in the UK.With the signing of a partnership between the University of Birmingham and Acticor Biotech  a new clinical trial called LIBERATE will take place in two acute care hospitals in the UK: the Queen Elizabeth Hospital  Birmingham and the Northern General Hospital  Sheffield.The randomised  double-blind Phase 2b LIBERATE study will recruit more than 200 patients to test the tolerance and the efficacy of glenzocimab 1000 mg  versus placebo  to reduce heart damage following a myocardial infarction (MI)  commonly known as a heart attack.The trial will be run at the University of Birmingham with expert clinicians from the Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust. Bringing together experience in running multi-site clinical trials from the Clinical Trial Units (CTU) and expertise in heart diseases  the team will see whether glenzocimab will reduce the amount of dead heart tissue in patients following an ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI)  the most serious type of heart attack.Professor Jon Townend  Consultant Cardiologist at University Hospitals Birmingham  Honorary Professor of Cardiology in the Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences at the University of Birmingham  and Chief Investigator of the trial said: “We look forward to starting this exciting trial of a new drug for heart attacks which are still only too common. Although immediate opening of the blocked coronary artery by angioplasty in cases of heart attack is now routine  significant heart damage still occurs. Glenzocimab reduces clot formation and laboratory findings have been impressive. There are strong reasons to believe that this new drug may improve outcomes and this randomized blinded trial is the right way to test this theory.”Dr Mark Thomas  Associate Professor of Cardiology at the University of Birmingham and Honorary Consultant Cardiologist  who designed the trial and led its development  said: “This trial will help us establish whether glenzocimab is a safe and effective drug for preventing the kind of clotting that can lead to serious damage to the heart following a heart attack. We’re delighted to work with Acticor to see whether this new class of drug has the potential to improve the outcomes of our patients with heart attacks. While the immediate care provided for a heart attack is effective for improving patient survival  there is more we can do to prevent long-term damage to the heart.”Glenzocimab  a humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb) fragment directed against the platelet Glycoprotein VI (GPVI)  was developed by Acticor Biotech for the treatment of cardiovascular emergencies  including stroke. This new drug  currently being trialled for strokes  stops the functioning of platelets that cause abnormal clotting of blood. While platelet function is normally important to stop bleeding  this drug specifically targets only dangerous clotting inside damaged blood vessels called thrombosis that can cause strokes and heart attacks.Gilles Avenard  Chief Executive Officer  and founder of Acticor Biotech said: “Glenzocimab has already delivered very promising results in the treatment of acute ischemic stroke and we hope to confirm its therapeutics potential in another severe indication. We are proud of this Phase 2b study launch  which allows glenzocimab development programme extension to myocardial infarction. We would like to congratulate all the teams involved  the University of Birmingham particularly  sponsor of this study.”ENDSNotes to editor:The University of Birmingham is ranked amongst the world’s top 100 institutions. Its work brings people from across the world to Birmingham  including researchers  teachers and more than 6 500 international students from over 150 countries.The University of Birmingham is a member of Birmingham Health Partners (BHP)  a strategic alliance which transcends organisational boundaries to rapidly translate healthcare research findings into new diagnostics  drugs and devices for patients. Birmingham Health Partners is a strategic alliance between five organisations who collaborate to bring healthcare innovations through to clinical application: University of Birmingham University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust Birmingham Women's and Children's Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust Sandwell and West Birmingham Hospitals NHS Trust West Midlands Academic Health Science NetworkAbout ACTICOR BIOTECHActicor Biotech is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company  a spin-off from INSERM (the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research)  which is aiming to develop an innovative treatment for cardiovascular emergencies  including ischemic stroke.Acticor Biotech is developing glenzocimab (ACT017)  a humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb) fragment directed against a novel target of major interest  platelet glycoprotein VI (GPVI). Glenzocimab inhibits platelet binding to the thrombus without affecting physiological hemostasis  thereby limiting the bleeding risk  particularly in the brain.In May 2022  Acticor Biotech presented positive results from its Phase 1b/2a study  ACTIMIS  at the ESOC  confirming the safety profile and showing a reduction in mortality and intracerebral hemorrhage in the glenzocimab-treated group in patients with stroke. The efficacy of glenzocimab is now being evaluated in an international Phase 2/3 study  ACTISAVE  which will include 1 000 patients. In July 2022  Acticor Biotech was granted ""PRIME"" status by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for glenzocimab in the treatment of stroke. This designation will allow the company to strengthen its interactions and obtain early dialogues with regulatory authorities.Acticor Biotech is supported by a panel of European and international investors (Karista  Go Capital  Newton Biocapital  CMS Medical Venture Investment (HK) Limited  A&B (HK) Limited  Mirae Asset Capital  Anaxago  Primer Capital  Mediolanum farmaceutici and the Armesa foundation). Acticor Biotech is listed on Euronext Growth Paris since November 2021 (ISIN: FR0014005OJ5 – ALACT).For more information  visit: www.acticor-biotech.comDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Acticor Biotech and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Acticor Biotech considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will be verified  which statements are subject to numerous risks  including the risks set forth in the Document de référence registration document as approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers under number R. 22-011 on 26 April 2022 and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Acticor Biotech operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Acticor Biotech or not currently considered material by Acticor Biotech. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of Acticor Biotech to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.",neutral,0.01,0.84,0.16,mixed,0.51,0.05,0.43,True,English,"['First Clinical Trial', 'New Drug Glenzocimab', 'Acticor Biotech', 'Heart Attacks', 'World', 'NHS Trust West Midlands Academic Health Science Network', 'randomised, double-blind Phase 2b LIBERATE study', 'Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust Birmingham Women', 'Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust Sandwell', 'Phase 2b study launch', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'two acute care hospitals', 'West Birmingham Hospitals', 'Queen Elizabeth Hospital', 'Northern General Hospital', 'multi-site clinical trials', 'ST segment elevation', 'Dr Mark Thomas', 'Birmingham Health Partners', 'humanized monoclonal antibody', 'platelet Glycoprotein VI', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Professor Jon Townend', 'acute ischemic stroke', 'dead heart tissue', 'development programme extension', 'Clinical Trial Units', 'French National Institute', 'Honorary Consultant Cardiologist', 'healthcare research findings', 'promising new class', 'significant heart damage', 'new clinical trial', 'Birmingham University Hospitals', 'potential new drug', 'heart attack patients', 'immediate care', 'clinical application', 'Honorary Professor', 'Chief Investigator', 'laboratory findings', 'platelet function', 'promising results', 'healthcare innovations', 'Medical Research', 'new diagnostics', 'Associate Professor', 'serious damage', 'long-term damage', 'heart attacks', 'heart diseases', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'first time', 'myocardial infarction', 'expert clinicians', 'Cardiovascular Sciences', 'serious type', 'immediate opening', 'coronary artery', 'clot formation', 'strong reasons', 'right way', 'patient survival', 'mAb) fragment', 'cardiovascular emergencies', 'Gilles Avenard', 'therapeutics potential', 'severe indication', 'top 100 institutions', '6,500 international students', 'strategic alliance', 'organisational boundaries', 'five organisations', 'Acticor Biotech', 'exciting trial', 'blinded trial', 'effective drug', 'abnormal clotting', 'dangerous clotting', 'blood vessels', 'The University', 'long-term outcomes', 'innovative treatment', '200 patients', 'PARIS', 'Partnership', 'ALACT', 'UK', 'signing', 'place', 'Sheffield', 'tolerance', 'efficacy', '1000 mg', 'experience', 'CTU', 'expertise', 'team', 'amount', 'STEMI', 'Cardiology', 'angioplasty', 'cases', 'Glenzocimab', 'theory', 'safe', 'kind', 'GPVI', 'strokes', 'functioning', 'platelets', 'bleeding', 'founder', 'sponsor', 'ENDS', 'Notes', 'editor', 'world', 'people', 'researchers', 'teachers', '150 countries', 'member', 'BHP', 'drugs', 'devices', 'Children', 'spin-off', 'INSERM', 'ACT01']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,businesswire.com
13587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2560249/0/en/Ferrari-N-v-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Maranello (Italy)  November 21  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year sha…,Maranello (Italy)  November 21  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “First Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 14/11/2022 2 330 209.3235 487 723.76 - - - - 2 330 209.3235 487 723.76 15/11/2022 2 350 207.5212 487 674.82 6 719 215.3931 1 447 226.24 1 391 028.68 9 069 207.1566 1 878 703.50 16/11/2022 2 365 206.0567 487 324.10 3 964 214.5003 850 279.19 816 633.87 6 329 206.0291 1 303 957.97 17/11/2022 2 370 205.7594 487 649.78 6 779 212.7355 1 442 133.95 1 397 552.04 9 149 206.0555 1 885 201.82 18/11/2022 2 370 206.2727 488 866.30 3 286 215.3531 707 650.29 682 664.76 5 656 207.1307 1 171 531.06 11 785 206.9783 2 439 238.75 20 748 214.3479 4 447 289.67 4 287 879.35 32 533 206.7783 6 727 118.10 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such First Tranche till November 18  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 116 100 078.65 for No. 600 267 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 23 815 504.00 (Euro 23 974 440.67*) for No. 122 716 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of November 18  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 11 788 093 common shares equal to 4.58% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', '150 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 600,267 common shares', 'No. 122,716 common shares', '11,788,093 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share capital', 'initial tranche', 'First Tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'June', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Consideration', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'November', 'transactions', 'details', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2559662/0/en/Bangladeshi-Football-Fans-to-Enjoy-FIFA-World-Cup-Qatar-2022-on-Toffee.html,Bangladeshi Football Fans to Enjoy FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ on Toffee,Dhaka  21 of November 2022: Football fans in Bangladesh will be able to enjoy watching FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ which starts on Nov 20 via Banglalink’s Toffee Entertainment Platform.,Dhaka  21 of November 2022: Football fans in Bangladesh will be able to enjoy watching FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ which starts on Nov 20 via Banglalink’s Toffee Entertainment Platform.This is the first time in the history of Bangladesh  that football fans can watch their much-loved sport from a mobile device wherever they are in the country.“The event marks a revolutionary change for Bangladesh and the customers of its digital operators and telecom companies  says Kaan Terzioğlu  Chairman of the Board  Banglalink. We are happy to be able to meet the needs of the vibrant and dynamic population of Bangladesh and give people well-deserved access to their favourite sport and entertainment at their convenience.”Since 1954 and until 2022  only traditional TV companies held broadcasting rights for football In Bangladesh.The supporters of the game will be able to enjoy several services and engagement through Toffee.But it’s not only Banglalink customers and not only on mobile devices that people in Bangladesh will be able to see the game.“To enable all football lovers to enjoy this beautiful game  we plan to keep this streaming service open to all networks and make it available to watch on large screens through the Toffee android TV app  said Erik Aas  Chief Executive Officer at Banglalink. We are confident that our consumers will get superior streaming experiences with Banglalink’s fastest 4G speed in the country.”Broadcasting video content became possible due to the innovation of fiber optic cables and investment into the network across the country. Currently  92.8% of internet users in Bangladesh rely on 4G to access digital services  and high-speed  high-quality digital connectivity. Toffee  the largest digital entertainment platform in Bangladesh  with 7 million monthly active users and 3.3 million average daily usersThe Toffee app is available on both Google Play and App Store for download. The exciting football actions can also be watched on https://toffeelive.com/ and Toffee’s Android TV app.About BanglalinkBanglalink is one of the leading digital communications service providers in Bangladesh  working to unlock new opportunities for its customers as they navigate the digital world. Driven by the vision of transforming lives through technology  Banglalink also strives to transform into a future-ready service provider capable of catering to the demands of the new digital era. It is a subsidiary of VEON Ltd - a Nasdaq and Euronext listed connectivity provider headquartered in the Netherlands.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and connected services to over 200 million customers. Operating across seven countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals and driving economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.Contact Information· Group Communications DirectorMarina Levina PR@veon.com· Julian Tanner Julian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.31,0.69,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['FIFA World Cup Qatar', 'Bangladeshi Football Fans', 'Toffee', 'leading digital communications service providers', '7 million monthly active users', '3.3 million average daily users', 'FIFA World Cup Qatar', 'high-speed, high-quality digital connectivity', 'Euronext listed connectivity provider', 'largest digital entertainment platform', 'Group Communications Director', 'future-ready service provider', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'fiber optic cables', 'superior streaming experiences', 'Broadcasting video content', 'new digital era', 'traditional TV companies', 'Android TV app', 'fastest 4G speed', 'exciting football actions', 'Toffee Entertainment Platform', 'The Toffee app', 'streaming service', 'internet users', 'digital world', 'converged connectivity', 'digital operators', 'digital services', '200 million customers', 'telecom companies', 'broadcasting rights', 'App Store', 'new opportunities', 'Football fans', 'first time', 'mobile device', 'revolutionary change', 'several services', 'football lovers', 'large screens', 'Erik Aas', 'Google Play', 'connected services', 'seven countries', 'economic growth', 'Contact Information', 'Marina Levina', 'Julian Tanner', 'dynamic population', 'favourite sport', 'beautiful game', 'VEON Ltd', 'Banglalink customers', 'Dhaka', 'November', 'Bangladesh', 'history', 'country', 'event', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'needs', 'vibrant', 'people', 'access', 'convenience', 'supporters', 'engagement', 'networks', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'investment', 'download', 'vision', 'lives', 'technology', 'demands', 'subsidiary', 'Nasdaq', 'Netherlands', 'individuals', 'Amsterdam']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argenx-announces-u-fda-acceptance-060000059.html,argenx Announces U.S. FDA Acceptance of Biologics License Application for Subcutaneous Efgartigimod in Generalized Myasthenia Gravis with Priority Review,- Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date is March 20  2023 - Submission based on positive results from the Phase 3 bridging study...,argenx SE- Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date is March 20  2023- Submission based on positive results from the Phase 3 bridging study demonstrating noninferior total IgG reduction at day 29 with subcutaneously (SC) administered efgartigimod compared to intravenous (IV) administrationNovember 22  2022Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for priority review a Biologics License Application (BLA) for SC efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) for the treatment of adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). The application has been granted a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date of March 20  2023.SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme's ENHANZE® drug delivery technology. ENHANZE facilitates the SC injection delivery of biologics that are typically administered via IV infusion.“The FDA’s acceptance of our BLA is an exciting step toward fulfilling our vision of delivering the broadest gMG treatment offering that reflects the unique disease experience for each patient as they navigate life with this debilitating disease. We’re excited about the potential of SC efgartigimod to offer patients multiple ways to receive treatment through various administrations and an individualized dosing schedule ” said Keith Woods  Chief Operating Officer of argenx. “With an established PDUFA date  we are preparing for our second commercial product launch and look forward to potentially bringing forth another first-in-class option for gMG patients.”The BLA submission is supported by data from the Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study evaluating the noninferiority of the pharmacodynamic (PD) effect of SC efgartigimod as compared with IV administered VYVGART in adult patients with gMG. The majority of enrolled patients were positive for acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibodies  but the trial also included patients where AChR antibodies were not detected.Story continuesADAPT-SC met its primary endpoint (p< 0.0001) of total IgG reduction from baseline at day 29 demonstrating noninferiority of SC efgartigimod to VYVGART. Patients treated with SC efgartigimod achieved mean total IgG reduction of 66.4% from baseline at day 29  compared to 62.2% reduction with VYVGART. Results were consistent across the overall population  including those with AChR antibodies and patients where AChR antibodies were not detected. Further  69.1% of patients treated with SC efgartigimod were responders on the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score. Responders are defined as having at least a two-point improvement on the MG-ADL score for at least four consecutive weeks. 65.5% of patients treated with SC efgartigimod were responders on the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) score. Responders are defined as having at least a three-point improvement on the QMG score for at least four consecutive weeks. Minimal symptom expression (MSE)  a measure of symptom-free status  was achieved in 37% of SC efgartigimod-treated patients after one treatment cycle. Onset of effect was also consistent with the Phase 3 ADAPT study.The safety profile for SC efgartigimod was consistent with the ADAPT study. It was generally well-tolerated; the most frequent adverse event being injection site reactions (ISRs)  commonly observed with biologics administered subcutaneously. All ISRs were mild to moderate and resolved over time. After completing ADAPT-SC  95% of participants entered ADAPT-SC+  a three-year open-label extension study evaluating the long-term safety and tolerability of SC efgartigimod.Phase 3 ADAPT-SC Trial DesignThe Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial was a multicenter  randomized  open-label  parallel-group study evaluating the noninferiority of the pharmacodynamic (PD) effect of SC efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) as compared with VYVGART (10mg/kg) in patients with gMG. The pharmacodynamic effect as measured by percent change from baseline in total IgG levels at day 29  one week after the last dose of IV or SC efgartigimod  served as the primary endpoint in the ADAPT-SC trial. The correlation between total IgG reduction and clinical benefit in gMG was demonstrated in a Phase 2 trial and the Phase 3 ADAPT trial  which served as the basis for approval of VYVGART in the U.S.  Japan and Europe. Safety  clinical efficacy  immunogenicity and pharmacokinetics (PK) were also assessed.A total of 110 adult patients with gMG in North America  Europe and Japan enrolled in the ADAPT-SC trial and were treated. Inclusion criteria of the trial were the same as the Phase 3 ADAPT trial of VYVGART; enrolled patients had a confirmed gMG diagnosis and an MG-ADL total score of at least 5 with greater than 50% of the total score attributed to non-ocular symptoms  at screening and baseline. Patients were on a stable dose of at least one gMG treatment prior to randomization  including acetylcholinesterase inhibitors  corticosteroids or nonsteroidal immunosuppressive drugs  and were required to remain on that stable dose throughout the primary trial. Patients were eligible to enroll in ADAPT-SC regardless of antibody status  including patients with AChR antibodies (AChR-Ab+) and patients where AChR antibodies were not detected.Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive SC efgartigimod or IV efgartigimod for one treatment cycle consisting of four doses at weekly intervals. The total study duration was approximately 12 weeks  including seven weeks of follow-up after the treatment cycle.See the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART in the U.S.  which includes the below Important Safety Information. For more information related to VYVGART in Japan  visit argenx.jp.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation (U.S. PRESCRIBING INFORMATION)What is VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab)?VYVGART is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).What is the most important information I should know about VYVGART?VYVGART may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART discontinuation. Your health care provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART if needed. Tell your health care provider immediately about any undesirable reactions.Before taking VYVGART  tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infection.Have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your health care provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART. The use of vaccines during VYVGART treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your health care provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART?The most common side effects of VYVGART are respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and talk to your doctor.About EfgartigimodEfgartigimod is an antibody fragment designed to reduce pathogenic immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies by binding to the neonatal Fc receptor and blocking the IgG recycling process. Efgartigimod is being investigated in several autoimmune diseases known to be mediated by disease-causing IgG antibodies  including neuromuscular disorders  blood disorders  and skin blistering diseases  in both an intravenous and subcutaneous (SC) formulation. SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme's ENHANZE® drug delivery technology.About VYVGARTVYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies. It is the first and only approved FcRn blocker. VYVGART is approved in the United States and Europe for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive  and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months1  where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan and the EU. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Kelsey Kirkkkirk@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comForward Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the acceptance of the Biologics License Application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for Subcutaneous (SC) Efgartigimod for Treatment of Generalized Myasthenia Gravis  the potential commercial launch of SC efgartigimod for treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis and the long-term safety and tolerability of SC Efgartigimod. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.12,0.36,True,English,"['U.S. FDA Acceptance', 'Biologics License Application', 'Generalized Myasthenia Gravis', 'Subcutaneous Efgartigimod', 'Priority Review', 'argenx', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel-group study', 'recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20', 'second commercial product launch', 'three-year open-label extension study', 'ENHANZE® drug delivery technology', 'noninferior total IgG reduction', 'mean total IgG reduction', 'PDUFA) target action date', 'broadest gMG treatment offering', 'total IgG levels', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'individualized dosing schedule', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'four consecutive weeks', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'Minimal symptom expression', 'frequent adverse event', 'injection site reactions', 'Phase 3 bridging study', 'Phase 3 ADAPT study', 'SC injection delivery', 'unique disease experience', 'one treatment cycle', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study', 'U.S. Food', 'pharmacodynamic (PD) effect', 'Phase 3 ADAPT trial', 'ADAPT-SC Trial Design', 'intravenous (IV) administration', 'MG-ADL total score', 'one gMG treatment', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial', 'Biologics License Application', 'Drug Administration', 'SC efgartigimod-treated patients', 'The BLA submission', 'PDUFA date', 'pharmacodynamic effect', 'Phase 2 trial', 'debilitating disease', 'MG-ADL) score', 'MG-ADL score', 'priority review', 'The FDA', 'exciting step', 'multiple ways', 'various administrations', 'Keith Woods', 'class option', 'acetylcholine receptor', 'AChR) antibodies', 'AChR antibodies', 'primary endpoint', 'overall population', 'Daily Living', 'two-point improvement', 'three-point improvement', 'symptom-free status', 'percent change', 'last dose', 'clinical benefit', 'clinical efficacy', 'North America', 'Inclusion criteria', 'non-ocular symptoms', 'stable dose', 'gMG diagnosis', 'IV infusion', 'argenx SE', 'safety profile', 'long-term safety', 'positive results', '1000mg efgartigimod-PH', 'QMG score', 'adult patients', 'gMG patients', '62.2% reduction', 'March', 'day', 'November', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Halozyme', 'acceptance', 'vision', 'life', 'potential', 'data', 'noninferiority', 'VYVGART', 'majority', 'Story', 'baseline', 'responders', 'MSE', 'measure', 'Onset', 'ISRs', 'time', 'participants', 'ADAPT-SC+', 'tolerability', 'correlation', 'basis', 'approval', 'Japan', 'Europe', 'immunogenicity', 'pharmacokinetics', 'PK', 'greater', 'screening']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,finance.yahoo.com
13590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2561089/0/en/Eurobio-Scientific-and-Acobiom-announce-the-signature-of-an-exclusive-commercial-agreement-for-the-distribution-of-a-diagnostic-test-that-predicts-response-to-a-treatment-for-pancr.html,Eurobio Scientific and Acobiom announce the signature of an exclusive commercial agreement for the distribution of a diagnostic test that predicts response to a treatment for pancreatic cancer,Eurobio Scientific and Acobiom announce the signature of an exclusive commercial agreement for the distribution of a diagnostic test that predicts response to a treatment for pancreatic cancer,"French EnglishEurobio Scientific and Acobiom announce the signature of an exclusive commercial agreement for the distribution of a diagnostic test that predicts response to a treatment for pancreatic cancerCE marked test for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomaPrediction of response to first-line gemcitabine-based chemotherapyDeveloped and validated with real world data and samplesParis & Montpellier  November 22  2022 - 5h45 pmEurobio Scientific (Euronext Growth Paris  FR0013240934  ALERS)  French leader group in medical diagnosis and life sciences  and Acobiom  a French company expert in the identification of biomarkers and the development molecular diagnostics for precision medicine  announce the signature of an exclusive commercial agreement for the distribution  in France  Germany and the United Kingdom  of GemciTest®  a CE marked test for the predictive diagnostics of response to gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer.A tough cancer without prior assessment of potential treatment efficacyPancreatic cancer is an aggressive cancer. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (WHO  Globocan data)  the incidence of this cancer was about 202 000 new cases in 2020 in Europe and North America  increasing by 2.5% per year on average. In France  this cancer affected about 15 000 patients in 2020  of which nearly 45% would be at the metastatic stage. Diagnosis is generally made by imaging and biological tests on biopsy.Pancreatic cancer is particularly insidious because it is a ""silent"" disease that causes no symptoms in its early stages. Often diagnosed at a late stage  this cancer has a poor prognosis. Few treatments are available: surgery and/or chemotherapy. For patients with locally advanced or metastatic cancer at the time of diagnosis  chemotherapy remains the only treatment option  whether it is based on gemcitabine or 5-FU  alone or in combination.GemciTest®  an in-vitro diagnostic developed by Acobiom  is a predictive PCR test for response to gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment. This CE-marked molecular diagnostic identifies patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC  a form of pancreatic cancer) whose transcriptomic profile is not favorable for the prescription of a first-line gemcitabine-based therapy (alone or in combination). This test will thus make it possible to guide patients towards another more suitable or more effective therapy  to avoid unnecessary side effects or toxicities  and thus to risk a ""loss of chance"" for these patients.A new test based on the latest technologiesGemciTest has been developed with Acobiom's technology platform  which combines genomic and transcriptomic techniques (NGS sequencing  real-time PCR) with bioinformatics  biostatistics and artificial intelligence (machine learning) tools and programs for data processing and analysis.Developed and validated using real-world data and samples  this molecular diagnostics is based on a proprietary combination of RNA markers present in blood. The test was evaluated in a confirmatory study to measure its sensitivity in predicting the response of PDAC patients to a gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment.This confirmatory study demonstrated the value of using GemciTest® in clinics and also reveals the potential of RNA marker combinations in blood in the development of precision medicine and personalized therapy for patients with pancreatic cancer.“The signature of this commercial agreement with Eurobio Scientific is the recognition of the quality of the developments made by the Acobiom team by a key-player of the in-vitro diagnostic industry in France""  says Didier Ritter  President of Acobiom. ""It is also a first step for our company  as other predictive diagnostics in precision medicine are currently in development  notably to predict the response to 5-FU-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment of pancreatic cancer.”Jean-Michel Carle  CEO of Eurobio Scientific  added: ""The importance of a predictive response test for a disease as difficult as pancreatic cancer will be a major asset for physicians by allowing their patients to avoid losing chances due to inappropriate treatments. The strength of the new technologies used and the quality of the work done by Acobiom  as demonstrated by the results of their real-world clinical tests  have convinced us of the immediate relevance of this new test"".About GemciTest®GemciTest® is a predictive molecular diagnostic for response to gemcitabine-based chemotherapy in first-line treatment. This CE-marked PCR test is intended for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). This in-vitro diagnostic has been developed from Acobiom's technology platform  which combines genomic and transcriptomic techniques (NGS sequencing  real-time PCR) on the one hand  and bioinformatics  biostatistics and machine learning tools and programs for data processing and analysis on the other.Developed and validated using real world data and samples  GemciTest® is based on a patented combination of RNA markers present in blood and has been evaluated in a confirmatory study. The clinical validation of this PCR test was performed on 336 patients (mean age 68.7; 37-88). Patients with a clinical benefit (OS > 8.7 months; PFS ≥3.5 months) identified by GemciTest® (29.7%) had significantly a longer PFS (5.3 vs. 2.8 months) and a longer OS (10.4 vs. 4.8 months). GemciTest® -positive patients had significantly longer PFS (HR=0.53 (95% CI: 0.31-0.92); p=0.023) and OS (HR=0.49 (95% CI: 0.29-0.85); p=0.0091).About Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a major player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is active in the research and marketing of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and provides dedicated reagents to research laboratories  including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. With its numerous partnerships and strong hospital presence  Eurobio Scientific has its own extensive distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary molecular biology products. The Group has approximately 250 employees  four manufacturing facilities based in the Paris area  Germany  the Netherlands and the USA  and subsidiaries in Dorking in the UK  Sissach in Switzerland  Bünde in Germany and Utrecht in the Netherlands.For more information  please visit the website: www.eurobio-scientific.comEurobio Scientific shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris.Euronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech Indices  label Euronext European Rising TechMnémonics: ALERS - ISIN Code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPAbout AcobiomAcobiom is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery of biological markers (biomarkers) and the development of innovative molecular diagnostics for applications in personalized medicine or precision medicine. Precision medicine aims at personalizing treatments according to certain biomarkers in order to obtain a better therapeutic effectiveness  to limit the side effects of a treatment and to ensure a better quality of life for the patient. The diagnostics developed by ACOBIOM respond to these needs and support medical teams in choosing the most effective treatment best suited to the transcriptomic profile of each patient. These diagnostics are developed from biomarkers  identified by the company's scientific team  which has more than 20 years of expertise in the study of gene expression and a technological platform combining genomics  transcriptomics  bioinformatics  biostatistics (data science) and machine learning (artificial intelligence). Founded in 1999  Acobiom is located in the Euromedicine Biopole in Montpellier (France)  and is a member of the regional health clusters.For more information: www.acobiom.comMedia and investor ContactsEurobio Scientific CalyptusJean-Michel Carle  CEO Mathieu Calleux / Maisie MouretDenis Fortier  Managing director Tel.: +33 1 53 65 68 68 - eurobio-scientific@calyptus.netTel.: +33 1 69 79 64 80AcobiomPhilippe Outreboninvestor@acobiom.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.91,0.09,mixed,0.13,0.04,0.83,True,English,"['exclusive commercial agreement', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'diagnostic test', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Acobiom', 'signature', 'distribution', 'response', 'treatment', 'unnecessary side effects', 'French leader group', 'real world data', 'exclusive commercial agreement', 'pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma', 'other predictive diagnostics', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'CE-marked molecular diagnostic', 'real-world clinical tests', 'vitro diagnostic industry', 'predictive molecular diagnostic', 'French company expert', 'CE-marked PCR test', 'predictive PCR test', 'potential treatment efficacy', 'first-line gemcitabine-based therapy', 'machine learning tools', 'first-line gemcitabine-based chemotherapy', 'predictive response test', 'real-world data', 'molecular diagnostics', 'French English', 'biological tests', 'real-time PCR', 'diagnostic test', 'Globocan data', 'first-line treatment', 'effective therapy', 'data processing', 'personalized therapy', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'life sciences', 'precision medicine', 'United Kingdom', 'prior assessment', 'International Agency', '202,000 new cases', 'North America', 'metastatic stage', 'early stages', 'late stage', 'poor prognosis', 'Few treatments', 'treatment option', 'transcriptomic profile', 'latest technologies', 'technology platform', 'transcriptomic techniques', 'NGS sequencing', 'artificial intelligence', 'RNA markers', 'confirmatory study', 'marker combinations', 'Didier Ritter', 'first step', 'Jean-Michel Carle', 'major asset', 'inappropriate treatments', 'new technologies', 'immediate relevance', 'one hand', 'new test', '5-FU-based chemotherapy', 'tough cancer', 'aggressive cancer', 'metastatic cancer', 'silent"" disease', 'proprietary combination', 'patented combination', 'medical diagnosis', 'Acobiom team', 'PDAC patients', '15,000 patients', 'signature', 'distribution', 'samples', 'Montpellier', '5h45', 'ALERS', 'identification', 'biomarkers', 'development', 'France', 'Germany', 'GemciTest®', 'Research', 'WHO', 'incidence', 'Europe', 'year', 'average', 'imaging', 'biopsy', 'symptoms', 'surgery', 'prescription', 'suitable', 'toxicities', 'loss', 'chance', 'genomic', 'bioinformatics', 'biostatistics', 'programs', 'analysis', 'blood', 'sensitivity', 'value', 'clinics', 'recognition', 'quality', 'key-player', 'President', 'CEO', 'importance', 'physicians', 'strength', 'work', 'results']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2560464/0/en/Azerion-acquires-Radionomy-and-enters-audio-advertising-market.html,Azerion acquires Radionomy and enters audio advertising market,Amsterdam  22 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of Radionomy Group  a global pioneer in digital audio advertising and marketing solutions. With this acquisition  Azerion launches a new product in the realm of audio advertising  enab…,Amsterdam  22 November 2022 – Today  Azerion has announced the acquisition of Radionomy Group  a global pioneer in digital audio advertising and marketing solutions. With this acquisition  Azerion launches a new product in the realm of audio advertising  enabling clients and partners to expand their engagement with users. This acquisition will enhance Azerion’s ability to support advertisers and publishers with a complete suite of advertising products and further solidifies our entry into the US market.Radionomy has a unique and proprietary adtech solution covering all aspects of digital audio ⎼ including radio  podcasts  audiobooks and games ⎼ and supporting in excess of 3 billion monthly impressions in over 30 markets worldwide. It is connected to a wide range of publishers with more than 15 000 audio channels in aggregate  providing meaningful scale to drive targeted and efficient advertising for advertisers.Atilla Aytekin  co-CEO of Azerion  comments: “I am excited to add a new suite of audio advertising solutions to our product portfolio and offer more innovative ad formats  from digital radio to in-game audio  helping our advertisers and publishers achieve optimal advertising and monetisation results. As a company that strives to offer a complete set of products to our customers  it is important for us to stay at the forefront of the latest market trends. We are proud to be at the centre of this nascent innovative digital technology that we expect to develop further over the next few years across the United States  Europe  and beyond.”Azerion has signed a binding transaction documentation relating to the sale of 100% of the issued and outstanding shares in the share capital of Radionomy Group B.V. from Targetspot SA  a company listed on Euronext Growth Paris and Brussels. The transaction perimeter includes Radionomy Group B.V. and all its subsidiaries and  as such  does not include Targetspot’s Winamp operations. Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions  including approval by Targetspot’s extraordinary general meeting (EGM)  which will be held on 9 December 2022. Closing is expected before 31 December 2022.The total consideration will be predominantly settled through Azerion shares  with the balance settled in cash. In total  2 782 644 Azerion shares will be transferred to the selling shareholders at closing of the transaction and such Azerion shares equivalent to up to €3 million are to be granted in future  subject to certain earn-out conditions. Azerion’s shares currently held in treasury are sufficient to satisfy the share consideration. The balance that is payable in cash contains a payment at closing as well as deferred payments. Radionomy is expected to generate approximately €29 million to €30 million gross revenue in 2022.Radionomy brings together the entire activity of Targetspot with its subsidiaries. The transaction thus involves the indirect disposal of all the subsidiaries of Radionomy Group B.V.  the Targetspot and Shoutcast brands and all staff attached to the business.- ENDS -About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. We entertain people through highly engaging content and we help advertisers reach any audience  at any scale  anywhere in the world in an easy way at a competitive price and in a highquality  curated content environment. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the hundreds of millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.azerion.com.About TargetspotTargetspot has been a leader and pioneer in digital audio since 2007. Targetspot connects brands to their target audiences via an inventory of leading publishers across all areas of digital audio. Through its proprietary technologies  Targetspot provides end-to-end integration between advertisers and publishers  for contextually targeted  cookie-free campaigns involving both direct and programmatic buying. Targetspot is also a leader in audio streaming  its Shoutcast brand enabling over 85 000 radio stations to be streamed online. Targetspot is operational in 9 countries and employs around 100 people worldwide.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['audio advertising market', 'Azerion', 'Radionomy', 'highquality, curated content environment', 'Radionomy Group B.V.', 'nascent innovative digital technology', 'innovative ad formats', '3 billion monthly impressions', 'extraordinary general meeting', '30 million gross revenue', 'campaign management teams', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'proprietary adtech solution', 'latest market trends', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'binding transaction documentation', 'digital audio advertising', 'audio advertising solutions', 'entertainment content', 'digital advertising', 'technology solutions', 'engaging content', 'content creators', 'organic growth', 'proprietary technologies', 'marketing solutions', 'US market', 'market sales', 'efficient advertising', 'optimal advertising', '15,000 audio channels', 'game audio', 'audio streaming', 'digital radio', 'new product', 'complete suite', 'wide range', 'Atilla Aytekin', 'new suite', 'product portfolio', 'monetisation results', 'complete set', 'United States', 'share capital', 'Winamp operations', 'selling shareholders', 'share consideration', 'deferred payments', 'entire activity', 'indirect disposal', 'media platform', 'easy way', 'competitive price', 'integrated platform', 'media buyers', 'rapid expansion', 'strategic acquisitions', 'target audiences', 'end integration', 'cookie-free campaigns', 'programmatic buying', 'Shoutcast brand', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'outstanding shares', 'advertising products', 'digital publishers', '85,000 radio stations', 'transaction perimeter', 'global pioneer', 'meaningful scale', 'total consideration', 'earn-out conditions', 'leading publishers', 'Targetspot SA', 'Azerion shares', 'brands', 'realm', 'clients', 'partners', 'engagement', 'users', 'ability', 'advertisers', 'entry', 'unique', 'aspects', 'podcasts', 'audiobooks', 'games', 'excess', '30 markets', 'aggregate', 'targeted', 'CEO', 'company', 'customers', 'forefront', 'centre', 'years', 'Europe', 'Brussels', 'subsidiaries', 'Closing', 'approval', 'EGM', '9 December', '31 December', 'balance', 'cash', 'future', 'treasury', 'staff', 'business', 'people', 'world', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'globe', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'information', 'leader', 'inventory', 'areas', '9 countries', '22']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/firmenich-delivered-double-digit-revenue-growth-in-the-first-quarter-of-financial-year-2023-301684790.html,FIRMENICH DELIVERED DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF FINANCIAL YEAR 2023,"GENEVA  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Firmenich International SA (""Firmenich"")  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and flavour company  is announcing its first quarter results for the three months ended 30 September 2022. This announcement is being…","GENEVA  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Firmenich International SA (""Firmenich"")  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and flavour company  is announcing its first quarter results for the three months ended 30 September 2022. This announcement is being issued in connection with the planned merger with DSM and today's publication by Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (""DSM-Firmenich"")  of an offering circular prepared in connection with (i) the voluntary exchange offer to holders of ordinary shares in the issued share capital of Koninklijke DSM N.V.  and (ii) the admission to listing and trading of DSM–Firmenich ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Offering Circular"").First Quarter Financial Year 2023 Revenue PerformanceIn the three months ended 30 September 2022  Firmenich generated Revenue of CHF 1 246 million  an increase of 11.6% at constant currency[1]  driven by a balanced contribution of volume / mix and pricing  partially offset by FX. This reflects an increase of +8.8% versus the same quarter of the prior year on a reported basis.Furthermore  Firmenich generated an Adjusted EBITDA[2] of CHF 237 million in the three months ended 30 September 2022  or 19% of Revenue despite a negative FX impact of approximately 200 basis points.Firmenich has continued to experience strong end-market demand over the first quarter of FY 2023  across its geographies  customers and segments. In both the Perfumery & Ingredients and in the Taste & Beyond divisions  Firmenich has implemented price actions to mitigate the impact of increasing raw material costs and other inflationary pressures.Further financial information on Firmenich is included in the Offering Circular.The Offering Circular can be found on the website www.creator-innovator.com.DisclaimerThis document and the related results contain forward-looking statements related to Firmenich and its future business and financial performance and future events or developments  including statements regarding: trends; exchange rates; plans  strategies and objectives of management; anticipated production; capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and supply chain issues; provisions and contingent liabilities; tax and regulatory developments. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as 'intend'  'aim'  'project'  'anticipate'  'estimate'  'plan'  'believe'  'expect'  'may'  'should'  'will'  'continue'  'annualised' or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of operations or financial condition  or provide other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees  or predictions of future performance  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  many of which are beyond Firmenich's control  and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this presentation. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations  Firmenich does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Non-IFRS measures have not been subject to audit or review and should not be considered as an indication of  or alternative to  an IFRS measure of profitability  financial performance or liquidity. For further information on non-IFRS measures  see the report on alternative performance measures included in Firmenich's annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022.Nothing in this presentation should be construed as either an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer  to buy or sell securities in any jurisdiction  or be treated or relied upon as a recommendation or advice by Firmenich.DisclosureThe information was submitted for publication  through the contact persons set out below  at 7:00 CEST on 22 November 2022. Further information  including the Offering Circular  is available on www.creator-innovator.com.ContactsFirmenich Ingvild Van Lysebetten  Investor Relations Email: investor_relations@firmenich.com Firmenich media enquiries: Brunswick Group Joseph Chi Lo  Ed Brown Email: firmenichir@brunswickgroup.com Telephone: +44 20 7404 5959About FirmenichFirmenich  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and taste company  was founded in Geneva  Switzerland  in 1895  and has been family-owned for 127 years. Firmenich is a business-to-business company specialized in the research  creation  manufacture and sale of perfumes  flavors  and ingredients. Renowned for its excellent research  as well as its leadership in sustainability  Firmenich offers its customers innovation in formulation  a broad palette of ingredients  and proprietary technologies such as biotechnology. Firmenich delivered CHF 4.7bn of sales in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.[1] Growth at Constant Currency is used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate operating performance. We believe that the elimination of the effect of foreign currency variations can provide useful period–to–period comparisons of our operating performance and enable a better understanding of the underlying factors contributing to such performance. Growth at Constant Currency is computed by comparing current period results converted at prior period foreign exchange rates to prior period results at prior period foreign exchange rates[2] Adjusted EBITDA is the reported EBITDA  adjusted to eliminate the impact of identified items of non-recurring nature and/or not directly attributable to the operating performance that may materially distort period-to-period comparisons and/or the evaluation of our on-going business performance. Adjusted items comprise restructuring and transformation costs  acquisition and disposal-related costs  gain and loss on disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  and other items of a one-time and/or non-operating nature  which may include elements such as legal claims and settlements  or curtailments of defined benefits pension plans.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/798187/Firmenich_Logo.jpgSOURCE Firmenich",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['FIRMENICH DELIVERED DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH', 'FIRST QUARTER', 'FINANCIAL YEAR 2023', 'THE', 'Brunswick Group Joseph Chi Lo', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'increasing raw material costs', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Firmenich Ingvild Van Lysebetten', 'First Quarter Financial Year', 'DSM–Firmenich ordinary shares', 'volume / mix', 'strong end-market demand', 'supply chain issues', 'other inflationary pressures', 'first quarter results', 'alternative performance measures', 'Firmenich International SA', 'Firmenich media enquiries', 'voluntary exchange offer', 'negative FX impact', 'Further financial information', 'other forward-looking statements', 'same quarter', 'financial performance', 'capital costs', 'operating costs', 'other factors', 'exchange rates', 'financial condition', 'Non-IFRS measures', 'prior year', 'Further information', 'future performance', 'flavour company', 'three months', 'Danube AG', 'share capital', 'regulated market', 'constant currency', 'balanced contribution', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'price actions', 'related results', 'future business', 'contingent liabilities', 'similar words', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'regulatory obligations', 'contact persons', 'Investor Relations', 'Ed Brown', 'business company', 'broad palette', 'proprietary technologies', 'Offering Circular', 'Revenue Performance', '200 basis points', 'future events', 'regulatory developments', 'annual report', 'taste company', 'excellent research', 'GENEVA', 'PRNewswire', 'world', 'announcement', 'connection', 'merger', 'publication', 'holders', 'listing', 'trading', 'CHF', 'increase', 'pricing', 'FY', 'geographies', 'customers', 'segments', 'Perfumery', 'Ingredients', 'divisions', 'website', 'creator', 'innovator', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'trends', 'plans', 'strategies', 'objectives', 'management', 'production', 'scheduling', 'provisions', 'tax', 'use', 'project', 'operations', 'guarantees', 'predictions', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'presentation', 'Readers', 'accordance', 'legal', 'changes', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'audit', 'review', 'indication', 'profitability', 'liquidity', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'recommendation', 'advice', 'Disclosure', '7:00 CEST', '22 November', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'investor_relations', 'firmenichir', 'Telephone', 'fragrance', 'Switzerland', '127 years', 'creation', 'manufacture', 'sale', 'perfumes', 'flavors', 'leadership', 'sustainability', 'innovation', 'formulation', 'biotechnology', '7bn', 'Growth', 'Board', 'Director']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,prnewswire.co.uk
13593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2560156/0/en/Update-on-share-repurchase-program-KBC-Ancora-until-18-November-2022.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 18 November 2022,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  21 November 2022 (17:40 CET)  Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 18 November 2022 ...,English Dutch FrenchRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  21 November 2022 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 18 November 2022As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 32 000 shares in the period from 14 November 2022 to 18 November 2022.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 14 November 2022 7 000 36.86 36.14 37.30 258 029.80 Tue 15 November 2022 3 500 37.47 37.16 37.66 131 137.65 Wed 16 November 2022 8 500 37.22 37.00 37.70 316 355.55 Thu 17 November 2022 6 000 36.72 36.30 37.16 220 302.00 Fri 18 November 2022 7 000 38.17 37.06 38.56 267 190.00 TOTAL(period concerned) 32 000 37.28 36.14 38.56 1 193 015.00 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 786 738 34.92 31.68 38.62 27 476 149.26All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 786 738 of its own shares  or 1.00% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 34.92 euros per share and for a total amount of 27 476 149 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 54.95% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:27 January 2023 Interim financial report (1H)1 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202327 October 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '18 November', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Interim financial report', 'Annual press release', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'English Dutch French', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Jan Bergmans', 'jan.bergmans', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'Total amount', 'total number', 'Leuven', '21 November', 'Update', '18 November', 'part', '20 May', '32,000 shares', 'period', '14 November', 'question', 'Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', '16 November', 'start', '10 June', '34.92 euros', '27,476,149 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '27 January', '1 September', '27 October', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'mailbox', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2560430/0/en/Nicox-Raises-10-Million-in-Private-Placement.html,Nicox Raises €10 Million in Private Placement,Press Release    Nicox Raises €10 Million in Private Placement       Net proceeds from the private placement to extend the cash runway to mid-May......,"Press ReleaseNicox Raises €10 Million in Private PlacementNet proceeds from the private placement to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024Warrants to be issued in the private placement could provide an additional €11.6 million proceeds if they were to be fully exercisedNovember 22  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced a financing through a private placement via the issuance of 6 849 316 new ordinary shares  each share with an attached warrant to acquire 6 849 316 additional new ordinary shares  at an offering price of €1.46 per share and associated warrant exercisable at a price of €1.70 (unit)  with anticipated gross proceeds of €10 million  representing net proceeds of approximately €8.9 million  excluding the potential exercise of the associated warrants.In parallel with this financing  Nicox exercised its option to extend the period of interest-only payment of its existing Kreos Capital debt by 6 months to January 1  2024. Capital repayments will therefore recommence from February 1  2024. This extension was conditional upon NCX 470 meeting the primary objective of non-inferiority to latanoprost in the recently reported Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial.The Company was previously financed to mid-November 2023. Proceeds from this equity financing  together with the extension of the period of interest-only payment of the Kreos debt  are expected to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024. This cash runway is based exclusively on the development of NCX 470. The calculation does not include any potential proceeds from the exercise of the warrants included in the private placement (the exercise of which are not under the Company’s control)  which could provide an additional €11.6 million in proceeds if they were to be fully exercised.Cash PositionThe Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €25.6 million (excluding the proceeds of this financing) as of September 30  2022 and outstanding debt of €21.4 million (including €18.6 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos signed in January 2019  a €2.0 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic  and financial lease agreements for €0.8 million). The Nicox Group's cash position after this private placement would amount to approximately €31 million.All of the figures related to the cash and debt position of the Nicox Group as of September 30  2022 are unaudited.Nicox has carried out a specific review of its liquidity risk and considers that the Company has sufficient net working capital to meet its cash requirements for the next twelve months and is financed until mid-May 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470.Upcoming milestones on key development programsDenali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: Topline results currently expected in 2025Topline results currently expected in 2025 Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470: planned in H1 2023Portfolio and PipelineThe pipeline of product candidates and products is available on the Company’s website.NCX 470 is a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop  currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The first Phase 3 clinical trial  Mont Blanc  has been completed and results were announced on October 31  2022. A second Phase 3 clinical trial  Denali  is ongoing  with results currently expected in 2025. This is beyond the estimated cash runway (May 2024)  and therefore additional financing would be required to complete that trial. Two new Phase 3b clinical trials evaluating the dual mechanism of action (NO and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are planned to start in H1 2023. These new clinical trials will evaluate (i) the effect of NCX 470 on Episcleral Venous Pressure (EVP) and outflow through the trabecular meshwork and (ii) ocular perfusion via Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) angiography on retinal vessels. Together  these trials are designed to validate NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in humans and potentially demonstrate some of the beneficial effects on the retina that have been observed in nonclinical models. The Company is actively looking for commercial partners in the U.S. and Japan  to maximize the potential future value of NCX 470. In the Chinese market  NCX 470 is exclusively licensed to Ocumension Therapeutics  who are also jointly and equally funding the Denali clinical trial.NCX 1728 is an NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor under evaluation for development in certain retinal conditions. It is currently in nonclinical development. Progression in the nonclinical evaluation of NCX 1728 has established it as a potential candidate for indications in the area of retinal conditions  and therefore the Company will not conduct further evaluation of NCX 1728 for the lowering of IOP.NCX 4251 is a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals  in development for dry eye disease. NCX 4251 has completed a Phase 2 clinical trial  Mississippi  in blepharitis (announced September 23  2021)  which did not meet the primary or secondary efficacy endpoints. Post hoc results  announced November 30  2021  showed a statistically and clinically significant reduction in dry eye disease symptoms versus placebo in patients who scored more highly for a key sign of dry eye disease (fluorescein staining) and following a subsequent meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  the future development of NCX 4251 is focused on dry eye disease. No development activities are currently ongoing outside China pending the Company entering into a partnership for the development and commercialization of NCX 4251 in the U.S. Nicox is seeking a partner for the development and commercialization of NCX 4251 outside of the Chinese market where it is exclusively licensed to Ocumension.VYZULTA® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024%  indicated for the reduction of IOP in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension  is exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  a leading global eye health company. VYZULTA is commercialized in multiple countries including the U.S.  with other approvals and launches ongoing.ZERVIATE® (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24%  indicated for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis  has been exclusively licensed in the U.S. to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals and is commercialized there since March 2020. ZERVIATE has also been exclusively licensed to Ocumension for development and commercialization in the Chinese and the majority of the South East Asian markets. An additional Phase 3 clinical trial has been completed in China and a New Drug Application is in preparation. ZERVIATE is also the subject of exclusive licensing agreements with Samil Pharmaceutical in South Korea and Vietnam  with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group in the Gulf Arab States and with Laboratorios Grin in Mexico.The clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are expected to be fully financed with the proceeds of this equity financing. Results from the Denali trial for NCX 470 are currently expected in 2025  outside of the estimated cash runway  and therefore additional financing would be required to complete that trial. The planned costs of nonclinical activities associated with NCX 1728 are not significant. The costs of development and potential commercialization of Nicox’s product candidate and products NCX 4251  VYZULTA® and ZERVIATE® are  or would be  the responsibility of Nicox’s partners. The net book value of NCX 4251 was decreased to zero (reduction of €15.1 million in 2021 and €11.0 million in H1 2022) in the U.S. due to the additional costs and timings associated with the change in indication  and the subsequent decision to out-license the product. The net book value of ZERVIATE (€26.0 million) corresponds mainly to the value of the asset allocated to the Chinese territory where rights are granted to Ocumension. This follows an impairment (€12.7 million) to the value in the U.S. taking into consideration changes in the U.S. market for topical anti-allergics.Principal terms of the equity financingThe share capital increase without preferential rights  by issuance of 6 849 316 new ordinary shareswith attached warrants to acquire 6 849 316 additional new ordinary shares (the warrants  and together with the new shares  the units) was reserved for subscription by (i) one or more French or foreign companies or mutual funds investing in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector (une ou plusieurs sociétés ou fonds gestionnaires d’épargne collective de droit français ou de droit étranger investissant dans le secteur pharmaceutique/biotechnologique)  (ii) natural persons who regularly invest in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector (des personnes physiques investissant à titre habituel dans le secteur pharmaceutique/biotechnologique) or (iii) one or more credit institutions or any authorized investment services provider undertaking to acquire them for resale to the persons mentioned in (i) and (ii) above (un ou plusieurs établissements de crédit ou tout prestataire de services d’investissement habilité s’engageant à les acquérir pour les revendre aux personnes visées au (i) et (ii) ci-dessus)  pursuant to the 8th resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Nicox dated July 28  2022. There is only one investor participating in this financing.The Board of Directors set the issue price of the units at €1.46 (€1 nominal value and €0.46 issue premium) and the exercise price of the warrants at €1.70 on November 21  2022. In accordance with the methods for determination of the subscription price set in the 8th resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of July 28  2022  the issue price shows (i) a discount of 14.54% compared to the Volume Weighted Average Share Price of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris during the last three trading days preceding the setting of the issue price  i.e. €1.7084 and (ii) a discount of 52.6% compared to this average including the theoretical value of a warrant (i.e. €0.65  the theoretical value of the warrant having been obtained using the method Black Scholes and assuming volatility of 40%). The subscription price of each share resulting from the exercise of the warrants will be €1.70  which shows a discount of 0.49% to the Volume Weighted Average Share Price of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris during the last three trading days preceding the setting of the issue price. Following the completion of the capital increase  the new shares will represent 15.8% of the Company’s issued share capital before the capital increase and 13.7% after the capital increase. The settlement of the new shares is expected to occur on or about November 25  2022  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.If at any time whilst the warrants from this private placement are outstanding  the Company undergoes a merger by acquisition (fusion par absorption)  merger (fusion par création d’une nouvelle société)  division (scission)  or a change of control within the meaning assigned in article L.233-3 I of the French commercial code (Code de commerce)  and where the consideration for such transaction is securities at a per share value below the exercise price of the warrants  the warrant holder shall have the option to request the Company to repurchase the warrants and pay an amount determined on the basis of a Black Scholes formula. The warrant holder may only request such payment after closing of the transaction concerned. The assumptions to be used in the Black Scholes calculation  including a minimum level of volatility  have been set out in the warrant agreement  and are not the same as those for the valuation of the warrants as set out in the paragraph above. Based on the assumptions included in the warrant agreement  and todays interest rates  together with other market assumptions  if the Company was to be acquired today in a stock transaction  at a price of €1.69  and the warrant holder requested to the Company that they wished to receive the payment  the payment would be €7.2 million. This amount would be less if the price of the transaction was lower  it will decrease over time and is also subject to changes in the other assumptions used in the Black Scholes calculation. This amount would be paid after any amount due to Kreos Capital  should they decide to ask for repayment of the debt held by the company as a result of the transaction. In the case of transfer of the warrants to another warrant holder  the right to the option to request the repurchase of the warrants does not transfer to the new holder.If the warrants associated with this private placement were exercised in their entirety  the total gross proceeds would be approximately €11.6 million.The impact of this share capital increase  and of the warrants  should they be exercised  on (i) the stake held in the Company’s share capital by a shareholder holding 1%  and (ii) the share of equity (on a consolidated and per-share basis) as on September 30  2022  in each case calculated on a non-diluted and fully-diluted basis  i.e. taking into account the issuance of a maximum of 10 927 648 new shares upon (x) exercise of all outstanding previously issued warrants and stock options  and (y) the definitive acquisition of all free shares outstanding and (z) the conversion into shares of the Kreos convertible bonds is as follows:SHAREHOLDERS INTEREST (%) SHARE OF EQUITY PER SHARE BASIS (IN €) Non-diluted basis Fully-diluted basis * Non-diluted basis Fully-diluted basis*Before issue of new shares 1% of the share capital 0.80% 1.398 1.704 After issue of 6 849 316 new shares 0.86% 0.71% 1.386 1.660 After issue of 6 849 316 new shares and 6 849 316 shares resulting from warrants resulting from the exercise of all the warrants (according to the exercise parity of 1 warrants giving the right to subscribe to 1 share of the Company) 0.76% 0.64% 1.424 1.664* The calculations are based on the assumption that 6 622 848 warrants and 3 278 450 stock options will be exercised and that 1 026 350 free shares granted will be vested and that all Kreos convertible bonds will be converted into 900 000 shares.Directors and Executive Committee members of Nicox  including the Chief Executive Officer  have agreed to certain customary lock-up arrangements with the Placement Agents (as defined below) on the shares they hold in Nicox for a 90-day period from the settlement date (subject to certain customary exemptions).The Company has agreed to customary arrangements not to issue new shares or instruments giving rights to shares for a 90-day period from the settlement date  and has also agreed not to undertake any equity issue which involves a variable rate transaction for a 180-day period from the settlement date (in both cases subject to certain customary exceptions).Use of proceedsThe proceeds of the private placement will be exclusively allocated to the development of NCX 470. The potential gross proceeds related to the exercise of warrants granted in the context of this financing are not taken into account in this analysis. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the private placement  by order of priority  (i) to complete the final activities in the Mont Blanc trial on NCX 470 (approximately 34%)  (ii) continue to progress the Denali trial on NCX 470 (approximately 49%)  (iii) finance stability studies on the finished product and manufacture a validation batch of the active ingredient to generate information for the preparation of a New Drug Application (NDA) to the U.S. FDA (approximately 15%) and (iv) to complete clinical trials aiming to demonstrate the dual mechanism of action and the potential beneficial effects of NCX 470 on the retina (2%). It is estimated that the cash available  before the proceeds of the private placement  is sufficient to cover the fixed costs of the Company for two years. Therefore  the proceeds of the private placement will not be used to cover these costs. The proceeds from the issue  together with the extension of the interest-only period of the Kreos debt  are expected to extend the liquidity horizon until mid-May 2024 on the basis of development activities dedicated exclusively to NCX 470. The potential gross proceeds related to the exercise of the warrants (which are not in the control of the Company)  if any  are not taken into account in this analysis.Proceeds from this financing are not intended to be used to repay  in whole or in part  neither capital or interest  the debt from Kreos nor the loan agreement guaranteed by the French State  which are financed by the revenues generated by the license contracts.The potential proceeds from the exercise of the warrants  if any  would extend the cash runway up to the last quarter of 2024 on the basis of development activities dedicated exclusively to NCX 470. As an indication  the estimate of the net proceeds from the issue of the new shares is approximately €8.9 million. In the event that all of the warrants are exercised  the proceeds from the issuance of shares resulting from the warrants are estimated at approximately €11.6 million  or a maximum total net income of €20.5 million.The potential proceeds from the exercise of warrants issued in the context of a prior financing in December 2021  estimated at approximately €16.3 million  could extend the cash runway beyond 2024 and allow the completion of the Denali trial and finance the submission of an NDA for NCX 470 with the FDA.Listing of new sharesAn application will be made for the admission to listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris. The settlement of the new shares is expected to occur on or about November 25  2022  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.The Company will submit to the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) for approval a listing prospectus (the ""Listing Prospectus"")  composed of (i) the “Document d’Enregistrement Universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021” filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 under number D.22-0392  and its first amendment filed on May 19  2022 under the number D. 22-0392-A01  available on Nicox SA’s website (www.nicox.com) (""Universal Registration Document"") with (ii) its second amendment and (iii) a Note d’Opération in connection with the admission to trading and listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris and which will include a summary of the Prospectus.Risks factors that are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the Universal Registration Document 2021  as may be amended or supplemented from time to time.H.C. Wainwright & Co.  LLC  Bryan  Garnier & Co. Limited and Bryan  Garnier Securities SAS are acting as joint lead placement agents for the private placement (collectively  the ""Placement Agents"").Composition of Nicox’s Share CapitalThe table below reflects the positions to the best of the Company’s knowledge.ShareholdersBefore issue(as of November 22  2022)*After issueAfter issue and exercise of the entirety of the warrantsOn a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis** On a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis ** On a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis** Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights HBM1 3 019 102 6.98% 3 359 102 6.20% 3 019 102 6.03% 3 359 102 5.50% 3 019 102 5.30% 3 359 102 4.95% Armistice2 - - 2 720 000 5.02% 6 849 316 13.67% 9 569 316 15.68% 13 698 632 24.05% 16 418 632 24.19% Michele Garufi (Chairman and CEO of Nicox SA until May 31  2022 592 051 1.37% 1 037 051 1.91% 592 051 1.18% 1 037 051 1.70% 592 051 1.04% 1 037 051 1.53% Banque Publique d’Investissement 384 300 0.89% 384 300 0.71% 384 300 0.77% 384 300 0.63% 384 300 0.67% 384 300 0.57% Elizabeth Robinson (President of Nicox Srl until November 1  2022) 74 060 0.17% 74 060 0.14% 74 060 0.15% 74 060 0.12% 74 060 0.13% 74 060 0.11% Treasury shares 255 029 0.59% 255 029 0.47% 255 029 0.51% 255 029 0.42% 255 029 0.45% 255 029 0.38% Public 38 926 590 90% 46 349 238 85.55% 38 926 590 77.7% 46 349 238 75.95% 38 926 590 68.35% 46 349 238 68.28% Total 43 251 132 100% 54 178  780 100% 50 100 448 100% 61 028 096 100% 56 949 764 100% 67 877 412 100%1 HBM Healthcare Investments (Cayman) Ltd  a company registered in the Cayman Islands with its registered office at Governers Square  Suite #4-212-2  23 Limie Tree Bay Avenue  West Bay  Grand Cayman  Cayman Islands  is a subsidiary of HBM Healthcare Investments Ltd  a company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange under ISIN code CH0012627250 and mnemonic HBMN2Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd.  a company registered in the Cayman Islands* Based on the statutory and legal declarations received by the Company** The calculations are based on the assumption that 6 622 848 warrants and 3 278 450 stock options will be exercised and that 1 026 350 free shares granted will be vested and that all Kreos convertible bonds will be converted into 900 000 sharesThe main risks specific to securities are as follows:Existing shareholders who do not participate in the issue will see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted  this participation may also be diluted in the event of exercise of the warrants  conversion of the convertible bonds  as well as in the event of a new call to the marketThe volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantlyThe sales of Company shares could occur on the market and have an unfavorable impact on the Company's share price.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin analog  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in intraocular pressure lowering and retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox is headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment B: Mid Caps; Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio and Next 150 indexes.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.NicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comInvestors & MediaUnited States & EuropeLifeSci Advisors  LLCSandya von der WeidT +41 78 680 05 38svonderweid@lifesciadvisors.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document d’enregistrement universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 which is available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com)Nicox S.A.Drakkar 2Bât D  2405 route des DolinesCS 10313  Sophia Antipolis06560 Valbonne  FranceT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00F +33 (0)4 97 24 53 99DisclaimerThis announcement is for information purposes only and does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering by Nicox  nor a solicitation of an offer to subscribe for securities in any jurisdiction  including France.The securities referred to herein (the ""Securities"") may not be and will not be offered or sold to the public in France except to qualified investors and/or to a restricted circle of investors  acting for their own account  as defined in  and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the French Monetary and Financial Code.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the Securities requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant Member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant Member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant Member State.This announcement is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” (people with professional investment experience) falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents.This announcement and the information it contains do not constitute an offer of securities for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. The Securities may not be offered  sold or subscribed in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act""). The shares of Nicox have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and Nicox does not intend to register any portion of the offering in the United States  or to conduct a public offering of its securities in the United States.The distribution of this announcement in certain countries may be subject to specific regulations. The persons in possession of this announcement shall then get knowledge of any local restrictions and shall comply with these restrictions.Any decision to subscribe for Securities should only be made on the basis of public information about Nicox.A listing prospectus will be submitted to the AMF on 22 November  2022 (the ""Prospectus""). It will comprise (i) the 2021 universal registration document of the Nicox filed with the AMF under number D.22-0392 on 29 April 2022 (the ""URD"")  with its first amendment filed with the AMF under number D.22-0392-A01 on 19 May 2022 and its second amendment to be filed with the AMF on 22 November  2022 and (ii) a securities note  including a summary of the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus will be available free of charge at Nicox  Drakkar D  2405 route des Dolines  06560 Valbonne  Sophia-Antipolis  on the website of Nicox (www.nicox.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). These hyperlinks are included for the convenience of the investors and the contents of these websites is not incorporated by reference into this press release.No copy of this announcement has been or should be distributed or sent to the United States of America  Canada  Japan or Australia.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.08,0.45,True,English,"['Private Placement', 'Nicox', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor', 'first Phase 3 clinical trial', 'second Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', '6,849,316 additional new ordinary shares', 'sufficient net working capital', 'Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial', 'new clinical trials', 'existing Kreos Capital debt', '6,849,316 new ordinary shares', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'Denali clinical trial', 'financial lease agreements', 'Optical Coherence Tomography', 'potential future value', '€2.0 million credit agreement', 'open angle glaucoma', 'Episcleral Venous Pressure', 'potential retinal benefits', 'next twelve months', 'novel nitric oxide', 'key development programs', 'international ophthalmology company', 'bond financing agreement', 'The Nicox Group', 'Capital repayments', 'Kreos debt', 'additional financing', 'outstanding debt', 'debt position', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal vessels', 'retinal conditions', 'Net proceeds', 'potential proceeds', 'The Company', '€11.6 million proceeds', 'Private Placement', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'primary objective', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'specific review', 'liquidity risk', 'Upcoming milestones', 'ocular hypertension', 'dual mechanism', 'prostaglandin analog', 'product candidates', 'trabecular meshwork', 'ocular perfusion', 'beneficial effects', 'nonclinical models', 'commercial partners', 'U.S.', 'Chinese market', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'nonclinical evaluat', 'potential exercise', 'Nicox SA', 'nonclinical development', 'cash runway', 'Cash Position', 'cash equivalents', 'cash requirements', 'equity financing', 'gross proceeds', 'Press Release', 'offering price', 'associated warrant', 'interest-only payment', 'Topline results', 'IOP lowering', '6 months', 'Warrants', 'mid-May', 'November', 'CET', 'France', 'issuance', 'parallel', 'option', 'period', 'January', 'February', 'extension', 'NCX', 'inferiority', 'latanoprost', 'calculation', 'control', 'September', 'form', 'August', 'context', 'figures', 'patients', 'Initiation', 'action', 'H1', 'Portfolio', 'Pipeline', 'products', 'website', 'October', 'EVP', 'outflow', 'angiography', 'humans', 'Japan', 'evaluation', 'Progression', '7:30']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2560433/0/en/Nicox-Raises-10-Million-in-Private-Placemen.html,Nicox Raises €10 Million in Private Placemen,Press Release    Nicox Raises €10 Million in Private Placement       Net proceeds from the private placement to extend the cash runway to mid-May......,"English FrenchPress ReleaseNicox Raises €10 Million in Private PlacementNet proceeds from the private placement to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024Warrants to be issued in the private placement could provide an additional €11.6 million proceeds if they were to be fully exercisedNovember 22  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced a financing through a private placement via the issuance of 6 849 316 new ordinary shares  each share with an attached warrant to acquire 6 849 316 additional new ordinary shares  at an offering price of €1.46 per share and associated warrant exercisable at a price of €1.70 (unit)  with anticipated gross proceeds of €10 million  representing net proceeds of approximately €8.9 million  excluding the potential exercise of the associated warrants.In parallel with this financing  Nicox exercised its option to extend the period of interest-only payment of its existing Kreos Capital debt by 6 months to January 1  2024. Capital repayments will therefore recommence from February 1  2024. This extension was conditional upon NCX 470 meeting the primary objective of non-inferiority to latanoprost in the recently reported Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial.The Company was previously financed to mid-November 2023. Proceeds from this equity financing  together with the extension of the period of interest-only payment of the Kreos debt  are expected to extend the cash runway to mid-May 2024. This cash runway is based exclusively on the development of NCX 470. The calculation does not include any potential proceeds from the exercise of the warrants included in the private placement (the exercise of which are not under the Company’s control)  which could provide an additional €11.6 million in proceeds if they were to be fully exercised.Cash PositionThe Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €25.6 million (excluding the proceeds of this financing) as of September 30  2022 and outstanding debt of €21.4 million (including €18.6 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos signed in January 2019  a €2.0 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic  and financial lease agreements for €0.8 million). The Nicox Group's cash position after this private placement would amount to approximately €31 million.All of the figures related to the cash and debt position of the Nicox Group as of September 30  2022 are unaudited.Nicox has carried out a specific review of its liquidity risk and considers that the Company has sufficient net working capital to meet its cash requirements for the next twelve months and is financed until mid-May 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470.Upcoming milestones on key development programsDenali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: Topline results currently expected in 2025Topline results currently expected in 2025 Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470: planned in H1 2023Portfolio and PipelineThe pipeline of product candidates and products is available on the Company’s website.NCX 470 is a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop  currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The first Phase 3 clinical trial  Mont Blanc  has been completed and results were announced on October 31  2022. A second Phase 3 clinical trial  Denali  is ongoing  with results currently expected in 2025. This is beyond the estimated cash runway (May 2024)  and therefore additional financing would be required to complete that trial. Two new Phase 3b clinical trials evaluating the dual mechanism of action (NO and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are planned to start in H1 2023. These new clinical trials will evaluate (i) the effect of NCX 470 on Episcleral Venous Pressure (EVP) and outflow through the trabecular meshwork and (ii) ocular perfusion via Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) angiography on retinal vessels. Together  these trials are designed to validate NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in humans and potentially demonstrate some of the beneficial effects on the retina that have been observed in nonclinical models. The Company is actively looking for commercial partners in the U.S. and Japan  to maximize the potential future value of NCX 470. In the Chinese market  NCX 470 is exclusively licensed to Ocumension Therapeutics  who are also jointly and equally funding the Denali clinical trial.NCX 1728 is an NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor under evaluation for development in certain retinal conditions. It is currently in nonclinical development. Progression in the nonclinical evaluation of NCX 1728 has established it as a potential candidate for indications in the area of retinal conditions  and therefore the Company will not conduct further evaluation of NCX 1728 for the lowering of IOP.NCX 4251 is a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals  in development for dry eye disease. NCX 4251 has completed a Phase 2 clinical trial  Mississippi  in blepharitis (announced September 23  2021)  which did not meet the primary or secondary efficacy endpoints. Post hoc results  announced November 30  2021  showed a statistically and clinically significant reduction in dry eye disease symptoms versus placebo in patients who scored more highly for a key sign of dry eye disease (fluorescein staining) and following a subsequent meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  the future development of NCX 4251 is focused on dry eye disease. No development activities are currently ongoing outside China pending the Company entering into a partnership for the development and commercialization of NCX 4251 in the U.S. Nicox is seeking a partner for the development and commercialization of NCX 4251 outside of the Chinese market where it is exclusively licensed to Ocumension.VYZULTA® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024%  indicated for the reduction of IOP in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension  is exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  a leading global eye health company. VYZULTA is commercialized in multiple countries including the U.S.  with other approvals and launches ongoing.ZERVIATE® (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24%  indicated for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis  has been exclusively licensed in the U.S. to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals and is commercialized there since March 2020. ZERVIATE has also been exclusively licensed to Ocumension for development and commercialization in the Chinese and the majority of the South East Asian markets. An additional Phase 3 clinical trial has been completed in China and a New Drug Application is in preparation. ZERVIATE is also the subject of exclusive licensing agreements with Samil Pharmaceutical in South Korea and Vietnam  with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group in the Gulf Arab States and with Laboratorios Grin in Mexico.The clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are expected to be fully financed with the proceeds of this equity financing. Results from the Denali trial for NCX 470 are currently expected in 2025  outside of the estimated cash runway  and therefore additional financing would be required to complete that trial. The planned costs of nonclinical activities associated with NCX 1728 are not significant. The costs of development and potential commercialization of Nicox’s product candidate and products NCX 4251  VYZULTA® and ZERVIATE® are  or would be  the responsibility of Nicox’s partners. The net book value of NCX 4251 was decreased to zero (reduction of €15.1 million in 2021 and €11.0 million in H1 2022) in the U.S. due to the additional costs and timings associated with the change in indication  and the subsequent decision to out-license the product. The net book value of ZERVIATE (€26.0 million) corresponds mainly to the value of the asset allocated to the Chinese territory where rights are granted to Ocumension. This follows an impairment (€12.7 million) to the value in the U.S. taking into consideration changes in the U.S. market for topical anti-allergics.Principal terms of the equity financingThe share capital increase without preferential rights  by issuance of 6 849 316 new ordinary shareswith attached warrants to acquire 6 849 316 additional new ordinary shares (the warrants  and together with the new shares  the units) was reserved for subscription by (i) one or more French or foreign companies or mutual funds investing in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector (une ou plusieurs sociétés ou fonds gestionnaires d’épargne collective de droit français ou de droit étranger investissant dans le secteur pharmaceutique/biotechnologique)  (ii) natural persons who regularly invest in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector (des personnes physiques investissant à titre habituel dans le secteur pharmaceutique/biotechnologique) or (iii) one or more credit institutions or any authorized investment services provider undertaking to acquire them for resale to the persons mentioned in (i) and (ii) above (un ou plusieurs établissements de crédit ou tout prestataire de services d’investissement habilité s’engageant à les acquérir pour les revendre aux personnes visées au (i) et (ii) ci-dessus)  pursuant to the 8th resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Nicox dated July 28  2022. There is only one investor participating in this financing.The Board of Directors set the issue price of the units at €1.46 (€1 nominal value and €0.46 issue premium) and the exercise price of the warrants at €1.70 on November 21  2022. In accordance with the methods for determination of the subscription price set in the 8th resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of July 28  2022  the issue price shows (i) a discount of 14.54% compared to the Volume Weighted Average Share Price of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris during the last three trading days preceding the setting of the issue price  i.e. €1.7084 and (ii) a discount of 52.6% compared to this average including the theoretical value of a warrant (i.e. €0.65  the theoretical value of the warrant having been obtained using the method Black Scholes and assuming volatility of 40%). The subscription price of each share resulting from the exercise of the warrants will be €1.70  which shows a discount of 0.49% to the Volume Weighted Average Share Price of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris during the last three trading days preceding the setting of the issue price. Following the completion of the capital increase  the new shares will represent 15.8% of the Company’s issued share capital before the capital increase and 13.7% after the capital increase. The settlement of the new shares is expected to occur on or about November 25  2022  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.If at any time whilst the warrants from this private placement are outstanding  the Company undergoes a merger by acquisition (fusion par absorption)  merger (fusion par création d’une nouvelle société)  division (scission)  or a change of control within the meaning assigned in article L.233-3 I of the French commercial code (Code de commerce)  and where the consideration for such transaction is securities at a per share value below the exercise price of the warrants  the warrant holder shall have the option to request the Company to repurchase the warrants and pay an amount determined on the basis of a Black Scholes formula. The warrant holder may only request such payment after closing of the transaction concerned. The assumptions to be used in the Black Scholes calculation  including a minimum level of volatility  have been set out in the warrant agreement  and are not the same as those for the valuation of the warrants as set out in the paragraph above. Based on the assumptions included in the warrant agreement  and todays interest rates  together with other market assumptions  if the Company was to be acquired today in a stock transaction  at a price of €1.69  and the warrant holder requested to the Company that they wished to receive the payment  the payment would be €7.2 million. This amount would be less if the price of the transaction was lower  it will decrease over time and is also subject to changes in the other assumptions used in the Black Scholes calculation. This amount would be paid after any amount due to Kreos Capital  should they decide to ask for repayment of the debt held by the company as a result of the transaction. In the case of transfer of the warrants to another warrant holder  the right to the option to request the repurchase of the warrants does not transfer to the new holder.If the warrants associated with this private placement were exercised in their entirety  the total gross proceeds would be approximately €11.6 million.The impact of this share capital increase  and of the warrants  should they be exercised  on (i) the stake held in the Company’s share capital by a shareholder holding 1%  and (ii) the share of equity (on a consolidated and per-share basis) as on September 30  2022  in each case calculated on a non-diluted and fully-diluted basis  i.e. taking into account the issuance of a maximum of 10 927 648 new shares upon (x) exercise of all outstanding previously issued warrants and stock options  and (y) the definitive acquisition of all free shares outstanding and (z) the conversion into shares of the Kreos convertible bonds is as follows:SHAREHOLDERS INTEREST (%) SHARE OF EQUITY PER SHARE BASIS (IN €) Non-diluted basis Fully-diluted basis * Non-diluted basis Fully-diluted basis*Before issue of new shares 1% of the share capital 0.80% 1.398 1.704 After issue of 6 849 316 new shares 0.86% 0.71% 1.386 1.660 After issue of 6 849 316 new shares and 6 849 316 shares resulting from warrants resulting from the exercise of all the warrants (according to the exercise parity of 1 warrants giving the right to subscribe to 1 share of the Company) 0.76% 0.64% 1.424 1.664* The calculations are based on the assumption that 6 622 848 warrants and 3 278 450 stock options will be exercised and that 1 026 350 free shares granted will be vested and that all Kreos convertible bonds will be converted into 900 000 shares.Directors and Executive Committee members of Nicox  including the Chief Executive Officer  have agreed to certain customary lock-up arrangements with the Placement Agents (as defined below) on the shares they hold in Nicox for a 90-day period from the settlement date (subject to certain customary exemptions).The Company has agreed to customary arrangements not to issue new shares or instruments giving rights to shares for a 90-day period from the settlement date  and has also agreed not to undertake any equity issue which involves a variable rate transaction for a 180-day period from the settlement date (in both cases subject to certain customary exceptions).Use of proceedsThe proceeds of the private placement will be exclusively allocated to the development of NCX 470. The potential gross proceeds related to the exercise of warrants granted in the context of this financing are not taken into account in this analysis. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the private placement  by order of priority  (i) to complete the final activities in the Mont Blanc trial on NCX 470 (approximately 34%)  (ii) continue to progress the Denali trial on NCX 470 (approximately 49%)  (iii) finance stability studies on the finished product and manufacture a validation batch of the active ingredient to generate information for the preparation of a New Drug Application (NDA) to the U.S. FDA (approximately 15%) and (iv) to complete clinical trials aiming to demonstrate the dual mechanism of action and the potential beneficial effects of NCX 470 on the retina (2%). It is estimated that the cash available  before the proceeds of the private placement  is sufficient to cover the fixed costs of the Company for two years. Therefore  the proceeds of the private placement will not be used to cover these costs. The proceeds from the issue  together with the extension of the interest-only period of the Kreos debt  are expected to extend the liquidity horizon until mid-May 2024 on the basis of development activities dedicated exclusively to NCX 470. The potential gross proceeds related to the exercise of the warrants (which are not in the control of the Company)  if any  are not taken into account in this analysis.Proceeds from this financing are not intended to be used to repay  in whole or in part  neither capital or interest  the debt from Kreos nor the loan agreement guaranteed by the French State  which are financed by the revenues generated by the license contracts.The potential proceeds from the exercise of the warrants  if any  would extend the cash runway up to the last quarter of 2024 on the basis of development activities dedicated exclusively to NCX 470. As an indication  the estimate of the net proceeds from the issue of the new shares is approximately €8.9 million. In the event that all of the warrants are exercised  the proceeds from the issuance of shares resulting from the warrants are estimated at approximately €11.6 million  or a maximum total net income of €20.5 million.The potential proceeds from the exercise of warrants issued in the context of a prior financing in December 2021  estimated at approximately €16.3 million  could extend the cash runway beyond 2024 and allow the completion of the Denali trial and finance the submission of an NDA for NCX 470 with the FDA.Listing of new sharesAn application will be made for the admission to listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris. The settlement of the new shares is expected to occur on or about November 25  2022  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.The Company will submit to the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) for approval a listing prospectus (the ""Listing Prospectus"")  composed of (i) the “Document d’Enregistrement Universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021” filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 under number D.22-0392  and its first amendment filed on May 19  2022 under the number D. 22-0392-A01  available on Nicox SA’s website (www.nicox.com) (""Universal Registration Document"") with (ii) its second amendment and (iii) a Note d’Opération in connection with the admission to trading and listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris and which will include a summary of the Prospectus.Risks factors that are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the Universal Registration Document 2021  as may be amended or supplemented from time to time.H.C. Wainwright & Co.  LLC  Bryan  Garnier & Co. Limited and Bryan  Garnier Securities SAS are acting as joint lead placement agents for the private placement (collectively  the ""Placement Agents"").Composition of Nicox’s Share CapitalThe table below reflects the positions to the best of the Company’s knowledge.ShareholdersBefore issue(as of November 22  2022)*After issueAfter issue and exercise of the entirety of the warrantsOn a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis** On a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis ** On a non-diluted basis On a fully diluted basis** Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights Number of shares % of the capital and voting rights HBM1 3 019 102 6.98% 3 359 102 6.20% 3 019 102 6.03% 3 359 102 5.50% 3 019 102 5.30% 3 359 102 4.95% Armistice2 - - 2 720 000 5.02% 6 849 316 13.67% 9 569 316 15.68% 13 698 632 24.05% 16 418 632 24.19% Michele Garufi (Chairman and CEO of Nicox SA until May 31  2022 592 051 1.37% 1 037 051 1.91% 592 051 1.18% 1 037 051 1.70% 592 051 1.04% 1 037 051 1.53% Banque Publique d’Investissement 384 300 0.89% 384 300 0.71% 384 300 0.77% 384 300 0.63% 384 300 0.67% 384 300 0.57% Elizabeth Robinson (President of Nicox Srl until November 1  2022) 74 060 0.17% 74 060 0.14% 74 060 0.15% 74 060 0.12% 74 060 0.13% 74 060 0.11% Treasury shares 255 029 0.59% 255 029 0.47% 255 029 0.51% 255 029 0.42% 255 029 0.45% 255 029 0.38% Public 38 926 590 90% 46 349 238 85.55% 38 926 590 77.7% 46 349 238 75.95% 38 926 590 68.35% 46 349 238 68.28% Total 43 251 132 100% 54 178  780 100% 50 100 448 100% 61 028 096 100% 56 949 764 100% 67 877 412 100%1 HBM Healthcare Investments (Cayman) Ltd  a company registered in the Cayman Islands with its registered office at Governers Square  Suite #4-212-2  23 Limie Tree Bay Avenue  West Bay  Grand Cayman  Cayman Islands  is a subsidiary of HBM Healthcare Investments Ltd  a company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange under ISIN code CH0012627250 and mnemonic HBMN2Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd.  a company registered in the Cayman Islands* Based on the statutory and legal declarations received by the Company** The calculations are based on the assumption that 6 622 848 warrants and 3 278 450 stock options will be exercised and that 1 026 350 free shares granted will be vested and that all Kreos convertible bonds will be converted into 900 000 sharesThe main risks specific to securities are as follows:Existing shareholders who do not participate in the issue will see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted  this participation may also be diluted in the event of exercise of the warrants  conversion of the convertible bonds  as well as in the event of a new call to the marketThe volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantlyThe sales of Company shares could occur on the market and have an unfavorable impact on the Company's share price.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin analog  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in intraocular pressure lowering and retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox is headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment B: Mid Caps; Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio and Next 150 indexes.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.NicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comInvestors & MediaUnited States & EuropeLifeSci Advisors  LLCSandya von der WeidT +41 78 680 05 38svonderweid@lifesciadvisors.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document d’enregistrement universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 which is available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com)Nicox S.A.Drakkar 2Bât D  2405 route des DolinesCS 10313  Sophia Antipolis06560 Valbonne  FranceT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00F +33 (0)4 97 24 53 99DisclaimerThis announcement is for information purposes only and does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering by Nicox  nor a solicitation of an offer to subscribe for securities in any jurisdiction  including France.The securities referred to herein (the ""Securities"") may not be and will not be offered or sold to the public in France except to qualified investors and/or to a restricted circle of investors  acting for their own account  as defined in  and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the French Monetary and Financial Code.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the Securities requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant Member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant Member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant Member State.This announcement is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” (people with professional investment experience) falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents.This announcement and the information it contains do not constitute an offer of securities for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. The Securities may not be offered  sold or subscribed in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act""). The shares of Nicox have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and Nicox does not intend to register any portion of the offering in the United States  or to conduct a public offering of its securities in the United States.The distribution of this announcement in certain countries may be subject to specific regulations. The persons in possession of this announcement shall then get knowledge of any local restrictions and shall comply with these restrictions.Any decision to subscribe for Securities should only be made on the basis of public information about Nicox.A listing prospectus will be submitted to the AMF on 22 November  2022 (the ""Prospectus""). It will comprise (i) the 2021 universal registration document of the Nicox filed with the AMF under number D.22-0392 on 29 April 2022 (the ""URD"")  with its first amendment filed with the AMF under number D.22-0392-A01 on 19 May 2022 and its second amendment to be filed with the AMF on 22 November  2022 and (ii) a securities note  including a summary of the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus will be available free of charge at Nicox  Drakkar D  2405 route des Dolines  06560 Valbonne  Sophia-Antipolis  on the website of Nicox (www.nicox.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). These hyperlinks are included for the convenience of the investors and the contents of these websites is not incorporated by reference into this press release.No copy of this announcement has been or should be distributed or sent to the United States of America  Canada  Japan or Australia.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.31,0.42,True,English,"['Private Placemen', 'Nicox', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor', 'first Phase 3 clinical trial', 'second Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', '6,849,316 additional new ordinary shares', 'sufficient net working capital', 'Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial', 'new clinical trials', 'existing Kreos Capital debt', '6,849,316 new ordinary shares', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'Denali clinical trial', 'financial lease agreements', 'bimatoprost eye drop', 'Optical Coherence Tomography', 'potential future value', '€2.0 million credit agreement', 'open angle glaucoma', 'Episcleral Venous Pressure', 'potential retinal benefits', 'next twelve months', 'novel nitric oxide', 'key development programs', 'international ophthalmology company', 'bond financing agreement', 'The Nicox Group', 'Capital repayments', 'Kreos debt', 'additional financing', 'outstanding debt', 'debt position', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal vessels', 'retinal conditions', 'Net proceeds', 'potential proceeds', 'The Company', '€11.6 million proceeds', 'English French', 'Private Placement', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'primary objective', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'specific review', 'liquidity risk', 'Upcoming milestones', 'ocular hypertension', 'dual mechanism', 'prostaglandin analog', 'product candidates', 'trabecular meshwork', 'ocular perfusion', 'beneficial effects', 'nonclinical models', 'commercial partners', 'U.S.', 'Chinese market', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'potential exercise', 'Nicox SA', 'nonclinical development', 'cash runway', 'Cash Position', 'cash equivalents', 'cash requirements', 'equity financing', 'gross proceeds', 'Press Release', 'offering price', 'interest-only payment', 'Topline results', 'NO)-donating', 'associated warrants', 'IOP lowering', '6 months', 'mid-May', 'November', 'CET', 'France', 'issuance', 'parallel', 'option', 'period', 'January', 'February', 'extension', 'NCX', 'inferiority', 'latanoprost', 'calculation', 'control', 'September', 'form', 'August', 'context', 'figures', 'patients', 'Initiation', 'action', 'H1', 'Portfolio', 'Pipeline', 'products', 'website', 'October', 'EVP', 'outflow', 'angiography', 'humans', 'Japan', 'evaluation', 'Progression', '7:30', '2025']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2560429/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6298 £ 24.2491 Estimated MTD return -1.72 % -1.66 % Estimated YTD return -5.38 % -4.17 % Estimated ITD return 176.30 % 142.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.20 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.52 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.4390 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.3629The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'A Shares', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2560427/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6298 £ 24.2491 Estimated MTD return -1.72 % -1.66 % Estimated YTD return -5.38 % -4.17 % Estimated ITD return 176.30 % 142.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.20 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.52 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.4390 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.3629The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'A Shares', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2559535/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5657 £ 24.1889 Estimated MTD return -1.95 % -1.91 % Estimated YTD return -5.60 % -4.41 % Estimated ITD return 175.66 % 141.89 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.32 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.8363 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.0346The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2560163/0/en/EssilorLuxottica-Brunello-Cucinelli-and-EssilorLuxottica-together-for-the-next-ten-years.html,EssilorLuxottica: Brunello Cucinelli and EssilorLuxottica  together for the next ten years,Press Release                Brunello Cucinelli and EssilorLuxottica  together for the next ten years...,"English French ItalianPress ReleaseBrunello Cucinelli and EssilorLuxottica  together for the next ten yearsThe Solomeo Casa di Moda and EssilorLuxottica signed an exclusive license agreement that will strengthen their partnershipMilan  November 21  2022 - Brunello Cucinelli Casa di Moda and EssilorLuxottica signed  at Casa Cucinelli in Milan  an exclusive ten- year license agreement for the design  manufacture and distribution of eyewear under the “Brunello Cucinelli” brand.The new agreement will come into effect on January 1  2023 and run until December 31  2032. The first collection will be introduced to the market in the first quarter of 2024. This agreement represents an extension of the ongoing collaboration between the two companies started in 2021  which included the launch of a capsule collection signed by Brunello Cucinelli and Oliver Peoples  an EssilorLuxottica’s exclusive brand.Inspired by culture and beauty  the success of the partnership is built around a shared passion for superior quality  true artisanal craft  exquisite aesthetics and understated approach to luxury.The long-lasting relationship continues thanks to a common vision  a taste of the beauty and the elegance of the Italian style but also thanks to strong personal affinities based on mutual esteem and loyalty.This new long-term commitment aims to further strengthen the bonds between future generations of the two companies  as Brunello Cucinelli and his whole family wish. They have always seen Leonardo Del Vecchio as a model of humanity and a man of extraordinary class and fine competence.Brunello Cucinelli  Executive Chairman and Creative Director of the Casa di Moda said:«The choice we met with the highly esteemed EssilorLuxottica is much more than an agreement. It is a token of mutual affection and respect between two realities that are inspired by a passion for beauty and for things done well. After all  I have always enjoyed a special relationship with the late Leonardo Del Vecchio and I will never forget his words to me: ""Look Brunello  I don't know if my eyewear is beautiful  what I can vouch for is that it is made in the best possible way"". It is a statement that I feel is very close to the way I myself view work. Then I still fondly remember when  in the last days of his life  he spoke of the ""beautiful factory"" in Agordo: for me he was a true source of inspiration and it is not a coincidence that our constant commitment is directed precisely to increasingly beautify our factory in Solomeo. This is also why I am deeply confident in this precious understanding that our respective  new generations are called upon to nurture for the future».Francesco Milleri  Chairman and CEO of EssilorLuxottica commented:«We are thrilled to continue our journey with Brunello Cucinelli  a luxury lifestyle brand that represents the glamour of contemporary Italian style. Through our new branded eyewear collections  we will continue to deliver beautifully designed and crafted eyewear that embody the best of Brunello Cucinelli style for the consumers around the world».***Brunello Cucinelli Casa di ModaBrunello Cucinelli S.p.A. is an Italian Casa di Moda that produces luxury goods. It was founded in 1978 by the fashion designer and entrepreneur of the same name and is listed on the Italian Electronic Stock Exchange. The Company has always been rooted in the medieval hamlet of Solomeo and it is considered an authentic expression of the concept of ""Humanistic Capitalism” since it can match constant  sound growth with an entrepreneurial philosophy addressing the major issues of Harmony with Creation and Human Sustainability.Specialised in cashmere  the brand is currently believed to be one of the most exclusive brands in the chic prêt-à-porter sector  an expression of everyday lifestyle worldwide. The combination of modernity and craftsmanship  elegance and creativity  and passion and human values make Brunello Cucinelli one of the world's most exclusive and admired ambassadors of Italian style. In fact  the brand authentically expresses the values of tailoring and craftsmanship typical of products Made in Italy and the territory of the Umbria region in particular  combined with a focus on innovation and contemporary style.Through healthy  balanced and sustainable growth  the company's main goal is to earn profits with ethics  morality and dignity  respecting the moral and economic dignity of the over 2 100 directly employed Human Resources and all those who work with them. Corporate website: www.brunellocucinelli.comEssilorLuxotticaEssilorLuxottica is a global leader in the design  manufacture and distribution of ophthalmic lenses  frames and sunglasses. Formed in 2018  its mission is to help people around the world to see more and be more by addressing their evolving vision needs and personal style aspirations. The Company brings together the complementary expertise of two industry pioneers  one in advanced lens technology and the other in the craftsmanship of iconic eyewear  to set new industry standards for vision care and the consumer experience around it. Influential eyewear brands including Ray-Ban and Oakley  lens technology brands including Varilux and Transitions  and world-class retail brands including Sunglass Hut  LensCrafters  Salmoiraghi & Viganò and GrandVision are part of the EssilorLuxottica family. EssilorLuxottica has approximately 180 000 employees. In 2021  the Company generated consolidated pro forma revenue of Euro 21.5 billion. The EssilorLuxottica share trades on the Euronext Paris market and is included in the Euro Stoxx 50 and CAC 40 indices. Codes and symbols: ISIN: FR0000121667; Reuters: ESLX.PA; Bloomberg: EL:FP. For more information  please visit www.essilorluxottica.com.***Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['next ten years', 'Brunello Cucinelli', 'EssilorLuxottica', 'Brunello Cucinelli S.p.A.', 'exclusive ten- year license agreement', 'Brunello Cucinelli Casa di Moda', 'The Solomeo Casa di Moda', 'Italian Electronic Stock Exchange', 'late Leonardo Del Vecchio', 'Italian Casa di', 'next ten years', 'exclusive license agreement', 'strong personal affinities', 'advanced lens technology', 'English French Italian', 'new industry standards', 'true artisanal craft', 'personal style aspirations', 'evolving vision needs', 'two industry pioneers', 'new long-term commitment', 'respective, new generations', 'best possible way', 'constant, sound growth', 'Brunello Cucinelli style', 'contemporary Italian style', 'Brunello Cucinelli” brand', 'luxury lifestyle brand', 'Casa Cucinelli', 'new agreement', 'constant commitment', 'contemporary style', 'The Company', 'exclusive brand', 'new branded', 'true source', 'everyday lifestyle', 'sustainable growth', 'common vision', 'vision care', 'two companies', 'two realities', 'Press Release', 'first collection', 'first quarter', 'ongoing collaboration', 'capsule collection', 'Oliver Peoples', 'superior quality', 'exquisite aesthetics', 'understated approach', 'long-lasting relationship', 'mutual esteem', 'future generations', 'extraordinary class', 'fine competence', 'Creative Director', 'mutual affection', 'special relationship', 'last days', 'precious understanding', 'Francesco Milleri', 'luxury goods', 'fashion designer', 'same name', 'medieval hamlet', 'Humanistic Capitalism', 'major issues', 'Human Sustainability', 'porter sector', 'admired ambassadors', 'Umbria region', 'healthy, balanced', 'main goal', 'Human Resources', 'Corporate website', 'global leader', 'ophthalmic lenses', 'complementary expertise', 'Executive Chairman', 'beautiful factory', 'authentic expression', 'human values', 'economic dignity', 'eyewear collections', 'iconic eyewear', 'EssilorLuxottica', 'partnership', 'Milan', 'manufacture', 'distribution', 'effect', 'January', 'December', 'market', 'extension', 'launch', 'culture', 'beauty', 'success', 'passion', 'taste', 'elegance', 'loyalty', 'bonds', 'family', 'model', 'humanity', 'choice', 'token', 'things', 'words', 'statement', 'work', 'Agordo', 'inspiration', 'coincidence', 'CEO', 'journey', 'glamour', 'consumers', 'world', 'concept', 'philosophy', 'Harmony', 'Creation', 'cashmere', 'chic', 'combination', 'modernity', 'craftsmanship', 'creativity', 'tailoring', 'products', 'Italy', 'territory', 'focus', 'innovation', 'profits', 'ethics', 'morality', 'brunellocucinelli', 'frames', 'sunglasses', 'mission']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2560617/0/en/Sidetrade-launches-Birmingham-Code-Academy-2023-to-upskill-existing-talent-in-West-Midlands.html,Sidetrade launches Birmingham Code Academy 2023 to upskill existing talent in West Midlands,Applications open for Sidetrade’s free coding programme in Birmingham  UK  Sidetrade Code Academy: A free  beginner-friendly course with full-time......,"Applications open for Sidetrade’s free coding programme in Birmingham  UKSidetrade Code Academy : A free  beginner-friendly course with full-time employment opportunities on offerProgramme hailed a “fantastic initiative” by local community group  Women in Tech BirminghamGlobal AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade   has today opened applications in Birmingham for its fourth Sidetrade Code Academy 2023   a free four-week coding course to address the digital skills shortage in the West Midlands (UK).Sidetrade Code Academy is a free  four-week coding course with employment opportunities on offer after graduation. Now in its fourth year  this initiative was launched in Birmingham (UK) to enable anyone to kick start a technology career in West Midlands  regardless of their previous programming experience. The programme welcomes a wide variety of levels  including total beginners.Interested participants are invited to apply to the programme by Wednesday 14th December. An assessment day will take place in Birmingham on Friday 6th January 2023  and successful applicants will start the four-week course on Monday 16th January 2023  with one in-person day a week and four days remotely.Since its inception  Sidetrade Code Academy has empowered over 50 students to unlock their potential through coding and offered 12 full-time tech skills-based jobs at Sidetrade UK.Emily Lamidieu  co-founder of local community group  Women in Tech Birmingham   said: ""One of the things we notice a lot when working in tech is the lack of diversity. Sidetrade Code Academy is a fantastic initiative for giving anyone of any background the tools they need to start building an incredibly successful career in technology.""During the four-week course  participants are coached by Sidetrade’s senior engineers  who provide a mix of fundamental and practical knowledge on top of mentorship. The programme culminates in a presentation day for trainees to showcase what they’ve learned.Mark Sheldon  Chief Technology Officer of Sidetrade  commented: “At Sidetrade  we are always looking to hire talented people  and as a CTO of a rapidly growing company  I am all too familiar with the challenges of the digital skills shortage. The tech sector is currently hindered by the misconception that programmers must have years of technical or academic training before launching their careers. Sidetrade Code Academy is proof that this isn’t the case  and I’m convinced that we will attract great talents. A career in tech is within anyone’s reach  even if they’ve never coded a day in their life and even if you were not a rock-star student! We are so proud to help people succeed in tech careers.”With Sidetrade Code Academy  the AI firm has developed a proactive and unique approach to the nation-wide coding skills gap which. The programme has seen continued growth in popularity with a 53% increase in applications each year  as well as widespread support from leaders within Birmingham’s local technology and business communities including Women in Tech Birmingham   a local community networking group.Luke Hennerley  Principal Engineer at Sidetrade who spearheaded the idea for Sidetrade Code Academy  commented: “With the Sidetrade Code Academy  we offer participants the opportunity to work on real-world projects. I think it’s important to be really grounded in the professional world from the beginning. We  enable them to apply what they’ve learned into practice  and grow in confidence in tech. Moreover  the atmosphere at the Siderade Code Academy is really positive  and gives participants early insight into what it’s like to work with the team here at Sidetrade and the tech world in general!”Learn more about Sidetrade Code Academy or apply hereMedia relationsRebecca Parlby +44 7824 505 584 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance  and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Criteo  Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Biffa.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.09,0.23,True,English,"['Birmingham Code Academy', 'existing talent', 'West Midlands', 'Sidetrade', 'nation-wide coding skills gap', 'best cash collection strategies', 'local community networking group', '12 full-time tech skills-based jobs', 'free four-week coding course', 'free, four-week coding course', 'fourth Sidetrade Code Academy', 'local community group', 'free, beginner-friendly course', 'digital skills shortage', 'Siderade Code Academy', 'previous programming experience', 'Wednesday 14th December', 'Friday 6th January', 'Monday 16th January', 'working capital management', 'full-time employment opportunities', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'free coding programme', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'Global AI-powered Order', 'four-week course', 'fourth year', 'local technology', 'customer transactions', 'Cash platform', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'global businesses', 'West Midlands', 'wide variety', 'total beginners', 'successful applicants', 'Emily Lamidieu', 'senior engineers', 'practical knowledge', 'Mark Sheldon', 'growing company', 'academic training', 'great talents', 'rock-star student', 'AI firm', 'unique approach', 'continued growth', 'widespread support', 'business communities', 'Luke Hennerley', 'Principal Engineer', 'real-world projects', 'early insight', 'Media relations', 'Rebecca Parlby', 'Euronext Growth', 'SaaS platform', 'next-generation AI', '$4.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '21 million companies', '300 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'global reach', 'fantastic initiative', 'technology career', 'assessment day', 'successful career', 'presentation day', 'talented people', 'professional world', 'Interested participants', 'Sidetrade UK', 'Tech Birmingham', 'offer Programme', 'Applications', 'Women', 'graduation', 'levels', 'place', 'person', 'inception', '50 students', 'potential', 'founder', 'things', 'lack', 'diversity', 'background', 'tools', 'mix', 'fundamental', 'top', 'mentorship', 'trainees', 'CTO', 'challenges', 'misconception', 'programmers', 'years', 'technical', 'careers', 'proof', 'case', 'life', 'proactive', 'popularity', '53% increase', 'leaders', 'idea', 'opportunity', 'beginning', 'practice', 'confidence', 'atmosphere', 'team', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Dublin', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'Criteo', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Inmarsat', 'Biffa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2561093/0/en/Invibes-Advertising-announces-ambitious-sustainability-targets.html,Invibes Advertising announces ambitious sustainability targets,Press release  Invibes Advertising announces ambitious sustainability targets  London  22 November 2022 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology......,Press releaseInvibes Advertising announces ambitioussustainability targetsLondon  22 November 2022 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  publishes the results of an assessment of its energy performance and announces a set of ambitious sustainability targets for the coming years.In order to contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from the advertising sector  Invibes Advertising has launched an internal programme to assess and improve its energy performance  notably the impact of its digital ad campaigns.Invibes Advertising’s virtuous energy mixThe most significant part of the Group’s energy consumption is related to its outsourced servers. They are housed by two main service providers that represent 99% of its servers’ average load. One of them is operating on 100% green electricity and the other one on 78% renewable energy.In addition  Invibes Advertising runs some of its applications using carbon neutral cloud services.Impact of Invibes Advertising’s campaignsThe Company made an assessmenti of the average carbon footprint of its advertising campaigns in September 2022:The first step was to calculate the carbon footprint of Invibes Advertising’s technology platform for each ad impression  using the energy consumption of the Company’s servers  the type of energy used by the service providers housing those servers  and the number of ad impressions they powered in September 2022.The second step was to estimate the carbon footprint of an ad impression on the end-user side  based on the number of ad impressions for each type of device used to view our ads in September 2022  statistical data about energy consumption of devices used  as well as information about the carbon footprint of electricity in the country where end-users are located.Finally  we estimated the energy consumption and carbon footprint of the network between our servers and the end-user  based on data about the energy intensity of the internet in kWh/GB  as well as the carbon footprint of electricity in the countries where end-users are viewing our ads.This overall calculation resulted in an average energy consumption of 0.22kWh per 1 000 ad impressions in September 2022  corresponding to an average of 26.1 grams CO2 emissions per 1 000 ad impressions. In comparison  an average Display campaign has been estimated to emit 15% more CO2 (30 grams CO2 per 1 000 ad impressionsii).To a large extent  the lower carbon footprint of Invibes’ campaigns results from the fully integrated nature of its technology platform that allows for efficient processes  as well as the low carbon footprint of the Company’s servers. In addition  Invibes Advertising’s smart targeting allows its campaigns to achieve great effectiveness with an optimised number of impressions  thus further minimising their carbon impact.Benefits of technological independenceInvibes Advertising’s proprietary technology platform has been designed with process optimisation in mind  improving technical performance  reducing associated costs  and bringing benefits in terms of energy efficiency.As it has full control over its technology platform  Invibes Advertising is able to constantly evolve and improve. A large part of the Company’s R&D effort aims to achieve higher efficiency to ensure scalability  which also has advantages in terms of energy consumption.Invibes Advertising’s ambitious sustainability targetsIn line with its core value of always innovating in all aspects of its activity  Invibes Advertising has launched several initiatives to lower the carbon footprint of its campaigns:Actions to reduce the carbon footprint of processes directly within Invibes’ control  by decreasing the platform’s energy consumption and prioritising green sources of electricity.Actions to reduce its campaigns’ energy consumption outside Invibes’ realm  at the network and end-user level  bearing in mind that the carbon footprint of the electricity used there is not within the Company’s control.The Company has defined a series of goals it aims to achieve:Half-yearly tracking and publication of the carbon footprint of Invibes ’ ad campaigns .99 % green energy for outsourced serv ers by the end of 2023 .10% annual reduction of the energy consumption associated with Invibes’ ad campaigns for the next 3 years.This will allow Invibes Advertising to deliver Excellence to its clients in the ever more important aspect of reducing their advertising activities’ carbon impact.About Invibes AdvertisingInvibes Advertising is an international technology company specializing in digital advertising innovation. Founded in 2011 by co-CEOs Kris Vlaemynck and Nicolas Pollet  Invibes Advertising has developed an integrated technology platform designed to strengthen the relationship between brands and consumers through in-feed ads.At Invibes Advertising we believe in the power of connections.The power of connecting brands directly with consumers to enable more meaningful interactions.The power of connecting big data  innovative in-feed formats  wide reach and extensive intelligence services in a single  holistic platform to bring brands and consumers together seamlessly and efficiently.The power of connecting a unique pull of passionate  dynamic and knowledgeable in-feed specialists from across the globe to make up the extraordinary team that is Invibes Advertising.In order to partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Volkswagen  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people to share our innovations with the world. Along with our unwavering belief in technological potential  more fundamentally  we believe in the potential of our people. At Invibes Advertising we actively strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes Advertising? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)For our latest press releases  go to:https://www.invibes.com/uk/en/investors.htmlKeep up with all the latest news on Invibes Advertising:LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Kris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.comAudrey Mela  VP Investor Relationsaudrey.mela@invibes.comi The methodology used is presented in more detail in the following document:https://www.invibes.com/documents/2022%2011%2014%20-%20PR%20-%20Invibes%20Advertising%20EN.pdfii The Carbon Footprint of Media Campaigns  March 2022  fifty-fiveAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.27,0.12,True,English,"['ambitious sustainability targets', 'Invibes Advertising', 'carbon neutral cloud services', 'two main service providers', 'advertising activities’ carbon impact', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'R&D effort', 'CEOs Kris Vlaemynck', 'average Display campaign', 'outsourced serv ers', 'virtuous energy mix', '26.1 grams CO2 emissions', 'digital advertising innovation', 'proprietary technology platform', 'lower carbon footprint', 'low carbon footprint', 'ambitious sustainability targets', 'advanced technology company', 'international technology company', 'average carbon footprint', 'integrated technology platform', 'servers’ average load', 'digital ad campaigns', 'average energy consumption', 'Invibes ’ ad campaigns', 'Invibes’ ad campaigns', 'campaigns’ energy consumption', 'integrated nature', 'ad impression', 'Invibes Advertising', 'advertising sector', 'advertising campaigns', 'energy performance', '78% renewable energy', 'energy intensity', 'energy efficiency', '99 % green energy', 'Invibes’ realm', 'Press release', 'coming years', 'internal programme', 'significant part', 'outsourced servers', 'first step', 'second step', 'overall calculation', 'large extent', 'smart targeting', 'great effectiveness', 'technological independence', 'process optimisation', 'technical performance', 'associated costs', 'large part', 'higher efficiency', 'core value', 'several initiatives', 'green sources', 'Half-yearly tracking', 'next 3 years', 'important aspect', 'Nicolas Pollet', 'meaningful interactions', 'big dat', 'The Company', 'Invibes’ control', 'end-user side', 'full control', 'end-user level', 'statistical data', 'efficient processes', '10% annual reduction', 'optimised number', 'feed ads', '100% green electricity', 'impressions', 'London', 'results', 'assessment', 'set', 'order', 'Group', 'other', 'addition', 'applications', 'September', 'type', 'device', 'information', 'country', 'end-users', 'network', 'internet', 'kWh/GB', 'countries', '0.22kWh', 'comparison', 'Benefits', 'mind', 'terms', 'scalability', 'advantages', 'line', 'aspects', 'activity', 'series', 'goals', 'publication', 'Excellence', 'clients', 'relationship', 'brands', 'consumers', 'power', 'connections']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2560457/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  in line with the launch of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  in line with the launch of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November 2022  the company has repurchased 19 209 543 shares during the week of 14 November 2022 up to and including 18 November 2022.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €11.26 for a total amount of €216 343 064.66. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date 53 975 602 ordinary shares at an average price of €11.07 for a total consideration of €597 607 325.12. To date approximately 39.84% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.09,0.43,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'maximum total value', 'financial economic crimes', 'major market participant', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'daily repurchased shares', 'related response measures', 'general economic conditions', 'Group Investor Relations', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'prudential supervision', 'financial services', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'European Union', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'regulatory consequences', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'average price', 'detailed information', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'United Kingdom', 'equivalence decisions', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'total number', '975,602 ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', '19,209,543 shares', 'Progress', 'line', 'launch', '3 November', '14 November', '18 November', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'withdrawal', 'authorizations', '53']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2561110/0/en/Hyloris-Pharmaceuticals-Broadens-Pipeline-with-a-Nasal-Product-Candidate-for-Idiopathic-Rhinitis.html,Hyloris Pharmaceuticals Broadens Pipeline with a Nasal Product Candidate for Idiopathic Rhinitis,Hyloris Pharmaceuticals Broadens Pipeline with a Proprietary Intranasal Product Candidate of a TRPV11 agonist (HY-083) for Idiopathic Rhinitis  ...,"English FrenchHyloris Pharmaceuticals Broadens Pipeline with a Proprietary Intranasal Product Candidate of a TRPV11 agonist (HY-083) for Idiopathic RhinitisHyloris targets a condition that affects up to 7% of the global adult population without any satisfactory treatment currently availableThe addition of this new value-added product candidate brings Hyloris toward its goal of 30 assets before 2025Conference call Wednesday November 2 3rd at 4 pm CET/ 10AM E S T (details below)Regulated Information - Inside Information - Liège  Belgium – 22 November 2022 – 6PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announced the development of a new proprietary formulation – a TRPV1 agonist - administered intranasally as a spray  to treat idiopathic rhinitis.Idiopathic rhinitis is a medical disorder characterized by a collection of nasal symptoms that resemble nasal allergies and hay fever (allergic rhinitis) but are not caused by a known cause like allergens or infectious triggers. Idiopathic rhinitis features an overexpression of TRPV1 in the nasal mucosa giving rise to nasal obstruction  rhinorrhoea (colloquially: a runny nose)  and/or sneezing.Hyloris’ treatment approach is to activate and depolarize TRPV1 receptors leading to restoration of a normal function of the nasal mucosa. Current treatment options for idiopathic rhinitis are not consistently successful. This leads to unnecessary and often ineffective surgery for severe cases  such as nasal septal corrections and/or inferior turbinate reductions.Stijn Van Rompay  Chief Executive Officer of Hyloris  commented: “We are pleased to announce another value-added product candidate to add to our portfolio of programs. This proprietary intranasal product candidate with a well-known mechanism of action should solve a large unmet medical need and offer patients rapid and sustainable relief.”“Our focused strategy to acquire new value-added product candidates has brought us closer to our goal of reaching 30 assets in our portfolio before 2025. This has solidified our positioning to be a market leader in the development of value-added product candidates utilizing the expedited and cost-effective 505(b)2 regulatory strategy in the U.S. We aim to develop a low-dose application that can be administered locally via a nasal spray first in Europe before pursing global roll-out.”Peter Hellings  Full Professor at the University of Leuven  Belgium  and Chair of EUFOREA (European Forum for Research and Education in Allergy and Airways diseases)  commented: ”Idiopathic rhinitis is a burdensome condition of the nasal mucosa with no satisfactory medical or surgical treatment  where attempted symptom management fails in nearly all cases. It is a chronic condition associated with interrupted sleep  irritability and poor concentration. Hence  it can be a severe detriment to quality of life and capacity to work.”“Current treatment tries to combine an antihistamine and an intranasal corticosteroid used in other rhinitis types which has yielded only poor results. For severe cases  patients often turn to surgery which is not a cure either. Our strategy is to defunctionalize the overactivated sensory nerve fibres by a targeted  local acting medicinal product and present clinical evidence of efficacy and safety.”CONFERENCE CALLHyloris will host a conference call on Wednesday November 23rd at 4PM CET/10AM EST  in attendance of Prof. Dr. Peter Hellings. The webcast may be accessed via Microsoft Teams using the following details or by clicking here.Join on your computer or mobile appMeeting ID : 320 762 272 784Passcode : 3VU5RSOr call in (audio only)+32 4 290 22 87Phone Conference ID: 151 901 636#About RhinitisRhinitis is defined as the presence of at least one of the following symptoms for more than 1 hour per day: nasal congestion/obstruction  rhinorrhoea  sneezing  and nasal itching.Chronic rhinitis can be divided into 3 phenotypes: allergic  infectious and non-allergic/non-infectious. For allergic and /infectious rhinitis  current medicinal products are available such as decongestant spray/tablets  antihistamines or corticosteroids.Idiopathic rhinitis is the largest group within the non-allergic/non-infectious rhinitis group. It occurs in around 7% of the total population  representing an estimated 19 million people in the US alone. 13% of them have moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis  leading them to actively seek specialist treatment and  who can not provide consistent treatment with the currently available therapy options.These patients typically live through several years of failed treatment options  adding frustration and wasted expenses to the medical symptoms impacting their quality of life. Rapid relief through a nasal spray should reduce overall treatment costs  improve quality of life and make potentially unsuccessful surgical procedures redundant.About Hyloris PharmaceuticalsHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimizing existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 14 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has four high barrier generic products in development. Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialization with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit www.hyloris.com and follow-us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Issuer focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.1 TRPV1 is Transient Receptor Potential cation channel subfamily V member 1. The function of TRPV1 is detection and regulation of body temperature. In addition  TRPV1 provides a sensation of scalding heat and pain (nociception)Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.09,0.79,True,English,"['Nasal Product Candidate', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals', 'Idiopathic Rhinitis', 'Pipeline', 'targeted, local acting medicinal product', 'moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis', '10AM E S T', 'new value-added product candidate', 'Proprietary Intranasal Product Candidate', 'cost-effective 505(b)2 regulatory strategy', 'large unmet medical need', 'Prof. Dr. Peter Hellings', 'value-added product candidates', 'new proprietary formulation', 'current medicinal products', 'unmet medical needs', 'specialty biopharma company', 'inferior turbinate reductions', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sensory nerve fibres', 'unsuccessful surgical procedures', 'overall treatment costs', 'other rhinitis types', 'failed treatment options', 'nasal septal corrections', 'global adult population', 'Current treatment options', 'Phone Conference ID', 'allergic/non-infectious rhinitis group', 'Hyloris’ treatment approach', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'intranasal corticosteroid', 'U.S.', 'surgical treatment', 'severe detriment', 'therapy options', 'medical disorder', 'satisfactory medical', 'medical symptoms', 'global roll-out', 'Meeting ID', 'largest group', 'total population', 'satisfactory treatment', 'specialist treatment', 'consistent treatment', 'severe cases', 'focused strategy', 'Conference call', 'Chronic rhinitis', 'nasal symptoms', 'nasal allergies', 'nasal mucosa', 'nasal obstruction', 'nasal congestion/obstruction', 'nasal itching', 'English French', 'TRPV11 agonist', 'Regulated Information', 'Inside Information', 'Liège', '6PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'hay fever', 'infectious triggers', 'runny nose', 'normal function', 'sustainable relief', 'market leader', 'low-dose application', 'Full Professor', 'European Forum', 'Airways diseases', 'symptom management', 'poor concentration', 'poor results', 'clinical evidence', '4PM CET', 'Microsoft Teams', 'mobile app', 'following symptoms', 'decongestant spray/tablets', '19 million people', 'several years', 'nasal spray', 'allergic rhinitis', 'TRPV1 agonist', 'TRPV1 receptors', 'burdensome condition', 'chronic condition', 'ineffective surgery', 'Wednesday November', 'following details', 'Rapid relief', '22 November', 'Pipeline', 'addition', 'goal', '30 assets', 'Belgium', 'development', 'collection', 'cause', 'allergens', 'overexpression', 'rise', 'rhinorrhoea', 'sneezing', 'restoration', 'unnecessary', 'portfolio', 'programs', 'known', 'mechanism', 'action', 'patients', 'positioning', 'expedited', 'University', 'Leuven', 'Chair', 'EUFOREA', 'Research', 'Education', 'Allergy', 'sleep', 'irritability', 'quality', 'life', 'capacity', 'antihistamine', 'cure', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'attendance', 'webcast', 'computer', 'Passcode', '3VU5RS', 'presence', '1 hour', '3 phenotypes', 'corticosteroids', 'frustration', 'expenses']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/22/2560417/0/en/argenx-Announces-U-S-FDA-Acceptance-of-Biologics-License-Application-for-Subcutaneous-Efgartigimod-in-Generalized-Myasthenia-Gravis-with-Priority-Review.html,argenx Announces U.S. FDA Acceptance of Biologics License Application for Subcutaneous Efgartigimod in Generalized Myasthenia Gravis with Priority Review,- Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date is March 20  2023  - Submission based on positive results from the Phase 3 bridging study......,- Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date is March 20  2023- Submission based on positive results from the Phase 3 bridging study demonstrating noninferior total IgG reduction at day 29 with subcutaneously (SC) administered efgartigimod compared to intravenous (IV) administrationNovember 22  2022Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for priority review a Biologics License Application (BLA) for SC efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) for the treatment of adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). The application has been granted a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date of March 20  2023.SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme's ENHANZE® drug delivery technology. ENHANZE facilitates the SC injection delivery of biologics that are typically administered via IV infusion.“The FDA’s acceptance of our BLA is an exciting step toward fulfilling our vision of delivering the broadest gMG treatment offering that reflects the unique disease experience for each patient as they navigate life with this debilitating disease. We’re excited about the potential of SC efgartigimod to offer patients multiple ways to receive treatment through various administrations and an individualized dosing schedule ” said Keith Woods  Chief Operating Officer of argenx. “With an established PDUFA date  we are preparing for our second commercial product launch and look forward to potentially bringing forth another first-in-class option for gMG patients.”The BLA submission is supported by data from the Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study evaluating the noninferiority of the pharmacodynamic (PD) effect of SC efgartigimod as compared with IV administered VYVGART in adult patients with gMG. The majority of enrolled patients were positive for acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibodies  but the trial also included patients where AChR antibodies were not detected.ADAPT-SC met its primary endpoint (p< 0.0001) of total IgG reduction from baseline at day 29 demonstrating noninferiority of SC efgartigimod to VYVGART. Patients treated with SC efgartigimod achieved mean total IgG reduction of 66.4% from baseline at day 29  compared to 62.2% reduction with VYVGART. Results were consistent across the overall population  including those with AChR antibodies and patients where AChR antibodies were not detected. Further  69.1% of patients treated with SC efgartigimod were responders on the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score. Responders are defined as having at least a two-point improvement on the MG-ADL score for at least four consecutive weeks. 65.5% of patients treated with SC efgartigimod were responders on the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) score. Responders are defined as having at least a three-point improvement on the QMG score for at least four consecutive weeks. Minimal symptom expression (MSE)  a measure of symptom-free status  was achieved in 37% of SC efgartigimod-treated patients after one treatment cycle. Onset of effect was also consistent with the Phase 3 ADAPT study.The safety profile for SC efgartigimod was consistent with the ADAPT study. It was generally well-tolerated; the most frequent adverse event being injection site reactions (ISRs)  commonly observed with biologics administered subcutaneously. All ISRs were mild to moderate and resolved over time. After completing ADAPT-SC  95% of participants entered ADAPT-SC+  a three-year open-label extension study evaluating the long-term safety and tolerability of SC efgartigimod.Phase 3 ADAPT-SC Trial DesignThe Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial was a multicenter  randomized  open-label  parallel-group study evaluating the noninferiority of the pharmacodynamic (PD) effect of SC efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) as compared with VYVGART (10mg/kg) in patients with gMG. The pharmacodynamic effect as measured by percent change from baseline in total IgG levels at day 29  one week after the last dose of IV or SC efgartigimod  served as the primary endpoint in the ADAPT-SC trial. The correlation between total IgG reduction and clinical benefit in gMG was demonstrated in a Phase 2 trial and the Phase 3 ADAPT trial  which served as the basis for approval of VYVGART in the U.S.  Japan and Europe. Safety  clinical efficacy  immunogenicity and pharmacokinetics (PK) were also assessed.A total of 110 adult patients with gMG in North America  Europe and Japan enrolled in the ADAPT-SC trial and were treated. Inclusion criteria of the trial were the same as the Phase 3 ADAPT trial of VYVGART; enrolled patients had a confirmed gMG diagnosis and an MG-ADL total score of at least 5 with greater than 50% of the total score attributed to non-ocular symptoms  at screening and baseline. Patients were on a stable dose of at least one gMG treatment prior to randomization  including acetylcholinesterase inhibitors  corticosteroids or nonsteroidal immunosuppressive drugs  and were required to remain on that stable dose throughout the primary trial. Patients were eligible to enroll in ADAPT-SC regardless of antibody status  including patients with AChR antibodies (AChR-Ab+) and patients where AChR antibodies were not detected.Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive SC efgartigimod or IV efgartigimod for one treatment cycle consisting of four doses at weekly intervals. The total study duration was approximately 12 weeks  including seven weeks of follow-up after the treatment cycle.See the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART in the U.S.  which includes the below Important Safety Information. For more information related to VYVGART in Japan  visit argenx.jp.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation (U.S. PRESCRIBING INFORMATION)What is VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab)?VYVGART is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).What is the most important information I should know about VYVGART?VYVGART may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART discontinuation. Your health care provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART if needed. Tell your health care provider immediately about any undesirable reactions.Before taking VYVGART  tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infection.Have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your health care provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART. The use of vaccines during VYVGART treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your health care provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART?The most common side effects of VYVGART are respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and talk to your doctor.About EfgartigimodEfgartigimod is an antibody fragment designed to reduce pathogenic immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies by binding to the neonatal Fc receptor and blocking the IgG recycling process. Efgartigimod is being investigated in several autoimmune diseases known to be mediated by disease-causing IgG antibodies  including neuromuscular disorders  blood disorders  and skin blistering diseases  in both an intravenous and subcutaneous (SC) formulation. SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme's ENHANZE® drug delivery technology.About VYVGARTVYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies. It is the first and only approved FcRn blocker. VYVGART is approved in the United States and Europe for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive  and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months1  where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan and the EU. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Kelsey Kirkkkirk@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comForward Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the acceptance of the Biologics License Application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for Subcutaneous (SC) Efgartigimod for Treatment of Generalized Myasthenia Gravis  the potential commercial launch of SC efgartigimod for treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis and the long-term safety and tolerability of SC Efgartigimod. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.19,0.28,True,English,"['U.S. FDA Acceptance', 'Biologics License Application', 'Generalized Myasthenia Gravis', 'Subcutaneous Efgartigimod', 'Priority Review', 'argenx', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel-group study', 'recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20', 'second commercial product launch', 'three-year open-label extension study', 'ENHANZE® drug delivery technology', 'noninferior total IgG reduction', 'mean total IgG reduction', 'PDUFA) target action date', 'broadest gMG treatment offering', 'total IgG levels', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'individualized dosing schedule', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'four consecutive weeks', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'Minimal symptom expression', 'frequent adverse event', 'injection site reactions', 'Phase 3 bridging study', 'Phase 3 ADAPT study', 'SC injection delivery', 'unique disease experience', 'one treatment cycle', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study', 'U.S. Food', 'pharmacodynamic (PD) effect', 'Phase 3 ADAPT trial', 'MG-ADL total score', 'ADAPT-SC Trial Design', 'intravenous (IV) administration', 'one gMG treatment', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial', 'Biologics License Application', 'Drug Administration', 'SC efgartigimod-treated patients', 'The BLA submission', 'PDUFA date', 'pharmacodynamic effect', 'Phase 2 trial', 'debilitating disease', 'MG-ADL score', 'priority review', 'The FDA', 'exciting step', 'multiple ways', 'various administrations', 'Keith Woods', 'class option', 'acetylcholine receptor', 'AChR) antibodies', 'AChR antibodies', 'primary endpoint', 'overall population', 'Daily Living', 'two-point improvement', 'three-point improvement', 'symptom-free status', 'percent change', 'last dose', 'clinical benefit', 'clinical efficacy', 'North America', 'Inclusion criteria', 'non-ocular symptoms', 'stable dose', 'gMG diagnosis', 'IV infusion', 'safety profile', 'long-term safety', 'positive results', 'argenx SE', '1000mg efgartigimod-PH', 'QMG score', 'adult patients', 'gMG patients', '62.2% reduction', 'March', 'day', 'November', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Halozyme', 'acceptance', 'vision', 'life', 'potential', 'data', 'noninferiority', 'VYVGART', 'majority', 'baseline', 'responders', 'MSE', 'measure', 'Onset', 'ISRs', 'time', 'participants', 'ADAPT-SC+', 'tolerability', 'correlation', 'basis', 'approval', 'Japan', 'Europe', 'immunogenicity', 'pharmacokinetics', 'PK', 'greater', 'screening', 'randomization']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/raffles--fairmont-make-debut-in-qatar-301684648.html,Raffles & Fairmont make debut in Qatar,RAFFLES AND FAIRMONT DOHA OPEN FOR FIFA GUESTS AND VIP DELEGATION RESTAURANTS OPEN TO PUBLIC BY RESERVATION ONLY DOHA  Qatar  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ - The ultra-luxury Raffles Doha and luxury Fairmont Doha – which herald the entry of the aspirational Raff…,RAFFLES AND FAIRMONT DOHA OPEN FOR FIFA GUESTS AND VIPDELEGATIONRESTAURANTS OPEN TO PUBLIC BY RESERVATION ONLYDOHA  Qatar  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ - The ultra-luxury Raffles Doha and luxury Fairmont Doha – which herald the entry of the aspirational Raffles Hotels & Resorts and Fairmont Hotels & Resorts brands to Qatar – are now open exclusively to FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ guests and the VIP delegation.The dual-branded five-star properties  housed within Katara Towers  have welcomed their first guests while supporting the nation's historic FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ by delivering exemplary service and truly exceptional experiences in both hotels.The dual-branded Raffles Doha and Fairmont Doha  housed within Katara Towers (CNW Group/Accor)Seven outstanding food and beverage outlets and restaurants have opened to the public  four located within Raffles Doha and three in Fairmont Doha. Through advanced reservation only  non-staying guests can now book to enjoy next-generation gastronomic experiences at Raffles Doha's Alba  which is the first overseas outpost for the celebrated restaurant by three-star Michelin chef Enrico Crippa; L'Artisan  which celebrates the art of modern dining for breakfast  lunch and dinner; Blue Cigar  a lounge which boasts 6 000 literary classics including some first edition classics as well as bespoke cigar collection; as well as Malaki Lounge  which spans the atrium lounge and ground floor and is the perfect venue for afternoon tea.Diners can head to Fairmont Doha to savour the progressive Indian cuisine at Masala Library  the concept by restaurateur  television host  and author Jiggs Kalra  and Latin American cuisine of Vaya  a vibrant restaurant with open kitchens and interactive service stations and where south American inspired dishes and drinks are prepared table-side. Guests can also choose to visit Dôme  a stylish chic Tea lounge that is the perfect place for afternoon tea and French-inspired bites and sips.Raffles Doha  an opulent 132-key ultra-luxury property and Qatar's only all-suite hotel  offers an awe-inspiring suite experience and décor  paired with views of the Doha skyline. Each suite experience is enhanced with personalised butler service  bespoke amenities including an exclusive scent from Frederic Malle  a gallery wall with a collection of curated books and an in-suite boutique.Raffles Doha furthermore features the marvelous Katara Hall  a dazzling space at the heart of the hotel which sets new aspirations for lavish events  with 22-meter-high ceilings  making it the largest ballroom with daylight in the country. The hotel also has advanced beauty & wellbeing offers with nine spa & fitness suites  each equipped with their own state of the art treatment rooms and some offering private outdoor terraces and plunge pools.The luxurious Fairmont Doha offers 270 rooms  92 suites  four themed suites and one presidential suite  all inspired by the interiors of luxury yachts along with an exclusive lifestyle hotel floor  Fairmont Gold  which is a privileged hotel-within-a-hotel experience. Featuring gold mosaic wall tiling and rich wood paneling  the rooms present an outstanding visual spectacle  spacious layout and incorporation of elements inspired by Qatari design  which boast a separate guest bathroom and a large furnished terrace offering panoramic coastline views.Raffles Doha and Fairmont Doha will welcome guest room reservations post- FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™.ABOUT ACCORAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.SOURCE Accor,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Raffles', 'Fairmont', 'debut', 'Qatar', 'historic FIFA World Cup Qatar', 'FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ guests', 'opulent 132-key ultra-luxury property', 'Net Zero Carbon emissions', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'gold mosaic wall tiling', 'world leading hospitality group', 'stylish chic Tea lounge', 'exclusive lifestyle hotel floor', 'three-star Michelin chef', 'progressive Indian cuisine', 'rich wood paneling', 'outstanding visual spectacle', 'separate guest bathroom', 'large furnished terrace', 'guest room reservations', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'single use plastics', 'first overseas outpost', 'interactive service stations', 'personalised butler service', 'Latin American cuisine', 'private outdoor terraces', 'one presidential suite', 'marvelous Katara Hall', 'first edition classics', 'dual-branded five-star properties', 'Seven outstanding food', 'next-generation gastronomic experiences', 'four themed suites', 'panoramic coastline views', 'creative hospitality company', 'inspiring suite experience', 'global sustainability commitments', ""hotels' guest experience"", 'aspirational Raffles Hotels', 'economy hotel brands', 'dual-branded Raffles Doha', 'luxurious Fairmont Doha', 'luxury Raffles Doha', 'luxury Fairmont Doha', 'bespoke cigar collection', 'art treatment rooms', 'FIFA GUESTS', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'Fairmont Gold', 'first guests', 'ground floor', 'exclusive scent', 'gallery wall', 'exemplary service', 'afternoon tea', 'luxury yachts', 'hotel experience', 'suite hotel', 'Blue Cigar', '6,000 literary classics', 'south American', 'bespoke amenities', 'private residences', 'environmental sustainability', 'Fairmont Hotels', 'non-staying guests', 'suite boutique', 'Katara Towers', 'The Group', 'global collective', 'global elimination', 'Malaki Lounge', 'atrium lounge', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'Doha skyline', 'exceptional experiences', 'CNW Group/Accor', 'beverage outlets', 'Enrico Crippa', ""L'Artisan"", 'modern dining', 'perfect venue', 'Masala Library', 'television host', 'Jiggs Kalra', 'open kitchens', 'Dôme', 'perfect place', 'French-inspired bites', 'décor', 'Frederic Malle', 'dazzling space', 'new aspirations', 'lavish events', '22-meter-high ceilings', 'largest ballroom', 'advanced beauty', 'wellbeing offers', 'nine spa', 'fitness suites', 'plunge pools', 'spacious layout', 'Qatari design', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'accommodation properties', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'community engagement', 'Resorts brands', 'advanced reservation', 'vibrant restaurant', 'concierge services', '230,000 team members', 'Accor Live', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'VIP delegation', '92 suites', '5,300 properties', '10,000 food', '270 rooms', 'RESTAURANTS', 'PRNewswire', 'entry', 'public', 'Alba', 'breakfast', 'lunch', 'dinner', 'Diners', 'concept', 'restaurateur', 'author', 'Vaya', 'dishes', 'drinks', 'sips', 'books', 'daylight', 'country', 'state', 'interiors', 'privileged', 'elements', 'ABOUT', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Euronex']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2022/11/22/global-equities-rise-on-tuesday-as-us-treasury-yields-fall/,Global equities rise on Tuesday as US Treasury yields fall,In Dublin  CRH finished down 1% after reporting it is sticking to its €5.4bn full-year earnings forecast despite energy prices,US stocks rose as investors recalibrated their expectations in response to Fed officials indicating they’ll continue to raise interest rates but are open to slowing their tempo. Photograph: Michael Santiago/Getty ImagesGlobal equities rose on Tuesday while US Treasury yields fell as investors awaited release of the Federal Reserve’s meeting minutes for clues on US interest rates and as China’s Covid restrictions weighed on sentiment.DublinEuronext Dublin was up 34 basis points  largely in line with its international peers. In the travel and leisure sector  the best performer was Irish Continental Group  which operates Irish Ferries. It finished up 3.8 per cent on the day.Elsewhere  Ryanair was down 1.5 per cent at close of business  outperforming peers Wizz Air and EasyJet  which were down 9.5 per cent and 3.1 per cent respectively. “For Ryanair to be only down 1.5 per cent was a significant outperformance ” said one trader.In the finance sector  Bank of Ireland was up 0.8 per cent  while AIB was down 0.4 per cent. In the gaming sector  Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment was up 2 per cent at the close of trading.READ MORECRH  which reported earlier in the day that it is sticking to its $5.5 billion (€5.4bn) full-year earnings forecast even it grapples with higher energy prices  finished down 1 per cent.LondonThe FTSE 100 jumped to a more than two-month high despite a new OECD report casting an unmissable shadow over the UK’s economic prosperity.Energy giants moved to the top of London’s blue-chip index with the likes of Shell  BP and Harbour Energy all seeing their shares rise by more than 4 per cent.The boost comes despite the OECD predicting the UK’s economy will contract more than any other of the world’s seven most advanced nations next year. It is expected to shrink by 0.4 per cent in 2023 and grow by just 0.2 per cent in 2024. Nevertheless  investors flocked to the London Stock Exchange as oil prices saw a rebound  helping to push up the index. The FTSE 100 closed 1 per cent higher.Shares in AO World surged by more than 16 per cent despite revealing its half-year losses had widened after sales fell.Water company Severn Trent said its underlying pre-tax profits hit more than £260 million (€300m) in its half-year earnings  as it reported it is ramping up support efforts for vulnerable customers and investing in its regions. Shares in the UK’s second-biggest water firm dipped by 0.69 per cent.Meanwhile  the share price of food manufacturer Cranswick moved up almost 4 per cent after the group said it is making good progress despite the “relentlessly challenging” operating environment.EuropeEuropean stocks also enjoyed an uplift  albeit at a steeper rate than in London. The German Dax was up 0.29 per cent and the French Cac lifted 0.35 per cent. The Stoxx Europe 600 rose 0.7 per cent.Joshua Mahony  senior market analyst at online trading platform IG said: “European markets have provided an area of optimism today  with equities outperforming their US counterparts despite growth concerns raised by the OECD.”New YorkUS stocks rose as investors recalibrated their expectations in response to Federal Reserve officials indicating that they’ll continue to raise interest rates but are open to slowing their tempo. A batch of upbeat earnings also buoyed sentiment.Top indices were in the green when European markets closed. The S&P 500 was up by 0.75 per cent and Dow Jones was 0.81 per cent higher.Analog Devices climbed after giving a bullish forecast for the current period. Best Buy jumped after raising its profit forecast. Abercrombie & Fitch and American Eagle Outfitters also rose after reporting results that beat estimates. Retailers clearing out their inventories with a series of sales could help reduce inflation  which could ultimately make the Fed turn dovish.Despite the rally  China’s Covid control restrictions are still weighing on investors. Shutdowns can have a negative impact on supply-chain dynamics and possibly exacerbate inflation issues across economies. Chinese stocks listed in the US fell on the day. (Additional reporting: Agencies),neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.53,True,English,"['US Treasury yields', 'Global equities', 'Tuesday', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'underlying pre-tax profits', 'food manufacturer Cranswick', 'challenging” operating environment', 'senior market analyst', 'American Eagle Outfitters', 'The German Dax', 'The S&P 500', 'biggest water firm', 'US Treasury yields', 'online trading platform', 'Covid control restrictions', 'higher energy prices', 'full-year earnings forecast', 'The Stoxx Europe', 'Irish Continental Group', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Federal Reserve officials', 'new OECD report', 'US interest rates', 'Covid restrictions', 'The FTSE 100', 'Irish Ferries', 'oil prices', 'Water company', 'New York', 'Energy giants', 'Harbour Energy', 'half-year earnings', 'upbeat earnings', 'bullish forecast', 'profit forecast', 'US stocks', 'US counterparts', 'Fed officials', 'Michael Santiago', 'Getty Images', 'meeting minutes', 'leisure sector', 'best performer', 'Wizz Air', 'significant outperformance', 'one trader', 'finance sector', 'gaming sector', 'unmissable shadow', 'economic prosperity', '4 per cent', 'advanced nations', '0.2 per cent', '16 per cent', 'half-year losses', 'Severn Trent', 'support efforts', 'vulnerable customers', '0.69 per cent', 'share price', 'good progress', 'European stocks', 'steeper rate', 'French Cac', 'Joshua Mahony', 'European markets', 'growth concerns', '0.75 per cent', 'Dow Jones', 'Analog Devices', 'current period', 'Best Buy', 'negative impact', 'supply-chain dynamics', 'Chinese stocks', 'Additional reporting', 'Global equities', 'Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'blue-chip index', 'AO World', 'Top indices', 'inflation issues', 'investors', 'expectations', 'response', 'tempo', 'Photograph', 'Tuesday', 'release', 'clues', 'China', 'sentiment', 'travel', 'Ryanair', 'close', 'business', 'EasyJet', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'READ', 'CRH', 'two', 'month', 'UK', 'likes', 'Shell', 'BP', 'shares', 'boost', 'economy', 'seven', 'rebound', 'sales', 'regions', 'uplift', 'area', 'optimism', 'batch', 'green', 'Abercrombie', 'Fitch', 'results', 'estimates', 'Retailers', 'inventories', 'series', 'rally', 'Shutdowns', 'economies', 'Agencies', '8', '3.1']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,irishtimes.com
13607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alliancebernstein-and-societe-generale-announce-plan-to-form-joint-venture-to-accelerate-growth-in-cash-equities-301684618.html,ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN AND SOCIETE GENERALE ANNOUNCE PLAN TO FORM JOINT VENTURE TO ACCELERATE GROWTH IN CASH EQUITIES,The joint venture would combine Bernstein Research Services' premier global equity research and execution platform with Societe Generale's equity research and execution capabilities to form a leading global cash equities and equity research business NASHVILLE…,"The joint venture would combine Bernstein Research Services' premier global equity research and execution platform with Societe Generale's equity research and execution capabilities to form a leading global cash equities and equity research businessNASHVILLE  Tenn. and PARIS  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- AllianceBernstein (NYSE: AB)  a leading global investment management and research firm  and Societe Generale (EURONEXT: GLE)  a leading European bank  announced today their plans to form a joint venture combining their cash equities and equity research businesses.For both Bernstein Research's and Societe Generale's clients  including institutional investors and corporate and financial institution issuers  this new joint venture would offer a comprehensive global suite of world-class services across cash equities and research  combined with Societe Generale's integrated equity capital markets  equity derivatives and prime services platforms. The joint venture would provide premier investment insights into the American  European and Asia Pacific equity markets  in addition to unparalleled liquidity access and leading global trading technology. The merged entities would bring complementary strengths and a shared vision of a leading full-service equity brokerage business to support the needs of global investor and issuer clients.Bernstein Research and Societe Generale are committed to fostering a strong cultural identity for the joint venture  building on Bernstein Research's long-standing history of renowned fundamental research and both organizations' innovative quantitative approaches that have been core to their success. This new joint venture aims to expand these strengths and bring in new and unique perspectives  expertise and insights to better serve its clients.Societe Generale intends to take a 51% interest in the joint venture  with an option to reach 100% ownership after five years (1). The business would be run as a long-term partnership under the Bernstein name  headquartered in London. Upon closing  Robert van Brugge  CEO of Bernstein Research  would become CEO of the new entity for an initial term of five years  and Stephane Loiseau  Head of Societe Generale's cash equities business  would become Deputy CEO.""In Societe Generale  we have a strategic partner who is committed to strengthening and growing our world-class cash equities and research business "" said Seth Bernstein  AllianceBernstein's President and CEO.""This partnership with one of the most recognized firms in research and cash equities  combined with our global leadership in equity derivatives  would create an indisputable leader across the equity business for the benefit of our issuer and investor clients "" added Slawomir Krupa  Head of Global Banking and Investor Solutions  Societe Generale.""This partnership gives us the opportunity to participate in the high added value segments of the global equities business "" said Robert van Brugge. ""And  importantly  it would also allow us to preserve and expand our firms' unique strengths  expertise  and cultures "" added Stephane Loiseau.The proposed transaction has received the support of Societe Generale's and AllianceBernstein's Boards of Directors. The closing is expected to occur before the end of 2023. The transaction is subject to workers council consultation  approval of regulators  and customary closing conditions. AllianceBernstein and Societe Generale will work closely together to ensure a smooth transition for their staff  clients  and partners.An equalization payment from Societe Generale to AllianceBernstein would occur at the close of the transaction.As AllianceBernstein will own less than 50% of the joint venture  AllianceBernstein anticipates deconsolidating Bernstein Research from its financial statements following the close of the transaction. The deconsolidation is expected to have a modestly positive impact on AllianceBernstein's operating margin. The planned joint venture is not expected to have an impact on AllianceBernstein's asset management business or Bernstein Private Wealth Management's business.Ardea Partners served as financial advisor and Latham & Watkins LLP served as legal counsel to AB.The joint venture would be 100% consolidated by Societe Generale from an accounting and regulatory perspective. A call option would be granted to Societe Generale to purchase the 49% owned by AllianceBernstein and reciprocally  a put option would be granted to AllianceBernstein to sell its 49% to Societe Generale as of the 5th anniversary of the closing date  and for a one-month period each successive year thereafter.About AllianceBernsteinAllianceBernstein is a leading global investment management firm that offers high-quality research and diversified investment services to institutional investors  individuals  and private wealth clients in major world markets. As of October 31  2022  AllianceBernstein had $627B in assets under management. Additional information about AllianceBernstein may be found on our website  www.alliancebernstein.com.About Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world's societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses: French Retail Banking; International Retail Banking  Insurance & Financial Services; and Global Banking & Investor Solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can visit our website www.societegenerale.com.SOURCE AllianceBernstein",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['SOCIETE GENERALE ANNOUNCE PLAN', 'JOINT VENTURE', 'ACCELERATE GROWTH', 'CASH EQUITIES', 'ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN', 'leading full-service equity brokerage business', 'leading global investment management firm', 'high added value segments', 'leading global trading technology', 'integrated equity capital markets', 'Asia Pacific equity markets', 'leading global cash equities', 'Bernstein Private Wealth Management', 'premier global equity research', 'leading European bank', 'major world markets', 'diversified investment services', 'comprehensive global suite', 'premier investment insights', 'unparalleled liquidity access', 'strong cultural identity', 'innovative quantitative approaches', 'Robert van Brugge', 'workers council consultation', 'asset management business', 'prime services platforms', 'private wealth clients', 'global equities business', 'equity research businesses', 'financial institution issuers', 'renowned fundamental research', 'cash equities business', 'world-class cash equities', 'customary closing conditions', 'Bernstein Research Services', 'Societe Generale S', 'new joint venture', 'research firm', 'equity business', 'global investor', 'global leadership', 'Global Banking', 'world-class services', 'equity derivatives', 'American, European', 'Bernstein name', 'Seth Bernstein', 'financial statements', 'financial advisor', 'new entity', 'high-quality research', 'execution platform', 'execution capabilities', 'institutional investors', 'merged entities', 'standing history', 'unique perspectives', 'five years', 'initial term', 'Stephane Loiseau', 'strategic partner', 'indisputable leader', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'Investor Solutions', 'smooth transition', 'equalization payment', 'operating margin', 'Watkins LLP', 'legal counsel', 'regulatory perspective', '5th anniversary', 'one-month period', 'Additional information', 'closing date', 'complementary strengths', 'investor clients', 'unique strengths', 'call option', 'put option', 'recognized firms', 'positive impact', 'Ardea Partners', 'long-term partnership', 'Deputy CEO', 'issuer clients', 'NASHVILLE', 'Tenn.', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'AllianceBernstein', 'NYSE', 'EURONEXT', 'GLE', 'plans', 'corporate', 'vision', 'needs', 'success', 'expertise', '51% interest', '100% ownership', 'London', 'Head', 'President', 'benefit', 'opportunity', 'cultures', 'transaction', 'support', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'end', 'approval', 'regulators', 'staff', 'close', 'less', 'deconsolidation', 'Latham', 'AB.', 'accounting', 'individuals', 'October', 'assets', 'website', '2023']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/firmenich-delivered-double-digit-revenue-growth-in-the-first-quarter-of-financial-year-2023-301684790.html,FIRMENICH DELIVERED DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF FINANCIAL YEAR 2023,"GENEVA  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Firmenich International SA (""Firmenich"")  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and flavour company  is announcing its first quarter results for the three months ended 30 September 2022. This announcement is being…","GENEVA  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Firmenich International SA (""Firmenich"")  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and flavour company  is announcing its first quarter results for the three months ended 30 September 2022. This announcement is being issued in connection with the planned merger with DSM and today's publication by Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (""DSM-Firmenich"")  of an offering circular prepared in connection with (i) the voluntary exchange offer to holders of ordinary shares in the issued share capital of Koninklijke DSM N.V.  and (ii) the admission to listing and trading of DSM–Firmenich ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam  a regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Offering Circular"").First Quarter Financial Year 2023 Revenue PerformanceIn the three months ended 30 September 2022  Firmenich generated Revenue of CHF 1 246 million  an increase of 11.6% at constant currency[1]  driven by a balanced contribution of volume / mix and pricing  partially offset by FX. This reflects an increase of +8.8% versus the same quarter of the prior year on a reported basis.Furthermore  Firmenich generated an Adjusted EBITDA[2] of CHF 237 million in the three months ended 30 September 2022  or 19% of Revenue despite a negative FX impact of approximately 200 basis points.Firmenich has continued to experience strong end-market demand over the first quarter of FY 2023  across its geographies  customers and segments. In both the Perfumery & Ingredients and in the Taste & Beyond divisions  Firmenich has implemented price actions to mitigate the impact of increasing raw material costs and other inflationary pressures.Further financial information on Firmenich is included in the Offering Circular.The Offering Circular can be found on the website www.creator-innovator.com.DisclaimerThis document and the related results contain forward-looking statements related to Firmenich and its future business and financial performance and future events or developments  including statements regarding: trends; exchange rates; plans  strategies and objectives of management; anticipated production; capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and supply chain issues; provisions and contingent liabilities; tax and regulatory developments. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as 'intend'  'aim'  'project'  'anticipate'  'estimate'  'plan'  'believe'  'expect'  'may'  'should'  'will'  'continue'  'annualised' or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of operations or financial condition  or provide other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees  or predictions of future performance  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  many of which are beyond Firmenich's control  and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this presentation. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations  Firmenich does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Non-IFRS measures have not been subject to audit or review and should not be considered as an indication of  or alternative to  an IFRS measure of profitability  financial performance or liquidity. For further information on non-IFRS measures  see the report on alternative performance measures included in Firmenich's annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022.Nothing in this presentation should be construed as either an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer  to buy or sell securities in any jurisdiction  or be treated or relied upon as a recommendation or advice by Firmenich.DisclosureThe information was submitted for publication  through the contact persons set out below  at 7:00 CEST on 22 November 2022. Further information  including the Offering Circular  is available on www.creator-innovator.com.ContactsFirmenich Ingvild Van Lysebetten  Investor Relations Email: [email protected] Firmenich media enquiries: Brunswick Group Joseph Chi Lo  Ed Brown Email: [email protected] Telephone: +44 20 7404 5959About FirmenichFirmenich  the world's largest privately-owned fragrance and taste company  was founded in Geneva  Switzerland  in 1895  and has been family-owned for 127 years. Firmenich is a business-to-business company specialized in the research  creation  manufacture and sale of perfumes  flavors  and ingredients. Renowned for its excellent research  as well as its leadership in sustainability  Firmenich offers its customers innovation in formulation  a broad palette of ingredients  and proprietary technologies such as biotechnology. Firmenich delivered CHF 4.7bn of sales in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.[1] Growth at Constant Currency is used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate operating performance. We believe that the elimination of the effect of foreign currency variations can provide useful period–to–period comparisons of our operating performance and enable a better understanding of the underlying factors contributing to such performance. Growth at Constant Currency is computed by comparing current period results converted at prior period foreign exchange rates to prior period results at prior period foreign exchange rates[2] Adjusted EBITDA is the reported EBITDA  adjusted to eliminate the impact of identified items of non-recurring nature and/or not directly attributable to the operating performance that may materially distort period-to-period comparisons and/or the evaluation of our on-going business performance. Adjusted items comprise restructuring and transformation costs  acquisition and disposal-related costs  gain and loss on disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  and other items of a one-time and/or non-operating nature  which may include elements such as legal claims and settlements  or curtailments of defined benefits pension plans.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/798187/Firmenich_Logo.jpgSOURCE Firmenich",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['FIRMENICH DELIVERED DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH', 'FIRST QUARTER', 'FINANCIAL YEAR 2023', 'THE', 'Brunswick Group Joseph Chi Lo', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'increasing raw material costs', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Firmenich Ingvild Van Lysebetten', 'First Quarter Financial Year', 'DSM–Firmenich ordinary shares', 'volume / mix', 'strong end-market demand', 'supply chain issues', 'other inflationary pressures', 'first quarter results', 'alternative performance measures', 'Firmenich International SA', 'Firmenich media enquiries', 'voluntary exchange offer', 'negative FX impact', 'Further financial information', 'other forward-looking statements', 'same quarter', 'financial performance', 'capital costs', 'operating costs', 'other factors', 'exchange rates', 'financial condition', 'Non-IFRS measures', 'prior year', 'Further information', 'future performance', 'flavour company', 'three months', 'Danube AG', 'share capital', 'regulated market', 'constant currency', 'balanced contribution', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'price actions', 'related results', 'future business', 'contingent liabilities', 'similar words', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'regulatory obligations', 'contact persons', 'Investor Relations', 'Ed Brown', 'business company', 'broad palette', 'proprietary technologies', 'operating perf', 'Offering Circular', 'Revenue Performance', '200 basis points', 'future events', 'regulatory developments', 'annual report', 'taste company', 'excellent research', 'GENEVA', 'PRNewswire', 'world', 'announcement', 'connection', 'merger', 'publication', 'holders', 'listing', 'trading', 'CHF', 'increase', 'pricing', 'FY', 'geographies', 'customers', 'segments', 'Perfumery', 'Ingredients', 'divisions', 'website', 'creator', 'innovator', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'trends', 'plans', 'strategies', 'objectives', 'management', 'production', 'scheduling', 'provisions', 'tax', 'use', 'project', 'operations', 'guarantees', 'predictions', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'presentation', 'Readers', 'accordance', 'legal', 'changes', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'audit', 'review', 'indication', 'profitability', 'liquidity', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'recommendation', 'advice', 'Disclosure', '22 November', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'Telephone', 'fragrance', 'Switzerland', '127 years', 'creation', 'manufacture', 'sale', 'perfumes', 'flavors', 'leadership', 'sustainability', 'innovation', 'formulation', 'biotechnology', 'Growth', 'Board', 'Directors', '7:00']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/from-2025-nestle-waters-france-will-use-the-first-hydrogen-powered-freight-train-through-an-innovative-solution-developed-by-alstom-and-engie-301684945.html,From 2025  Nestlé Waters France will use the first hydrogen-powered freight train through an innovative solution developed by Alstom and ENGIE,Nestlé Waters will be the first company in Europe to benefit from the hydrogen fuel cell solution developed by Alstom and ENGIE  for rail freight. The purpose is to operate the first hydrogen-powered freight train from the Vosges plant  thanks to a hydrogen g…,"Nestlé Waters will be the first company in Europe to benefit from the hydrogen fuel cell solution developed by Alstom and ENGIE  for rail freight.The purpose is to operate the first hydrogen-powered freight train from the Vosges plant  thanks to a hydrogen generator wagon system developed by Alstom and supplied with renewable hydrogen by ENGIE  from 2025.Ultimately  this project should enable Nestlé Waters to reduce [1] emissions by 10'000 tons of CO 2 equivalent per year .This new collaboration is in line with the actions Nestlé Waters has been carried out for several years to decarbonize its supply chain.ISSY-LES-MOULINEAUX  France  Nov. 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- In line with its supply chain decarbonization roadmap  Nestlé Waters will be the first company in Europe to benefit from the hydrogen fuel cell solution for massified rail freight  including renewable hydrogen supply  developed by Alstom and ENGIE. It is estimated that this project will reduce[2] emissions by 10'000 tons of CO 2 equivalent per year  in the long term  i.e. the reduction of 90% of its current emissions. This is the equivalent to the annual emissions of more than 30'000 round trips from Paris <> Nice by car[3].hydrogen fuel cell solution - Design not contractual for illustration purposes (©Alstom Advanced & Creative Design) Sébastien Arbola  Executive Vice President of ENGIE in charge of Thermal Generation  Hydrogen & Energy Supply activities. Sophie Dubois  Chief Executive Officer of Nestlé Waters in France. Marc Granger  Chief Strategy Officer of Alstom.As a significant innovation  the new hydrogen solution will be developed from a high-powered fuel cell system that can power electric locomotives in non-electrified areas. This solution will be able to transport goods over long distances  on a national and European scale.From 2025  this freight train powered by electricity from the rail network and from hydrogen in non-electrified sectors will aim to progressively ensure the transport of VITTEL® natural mineral water between the factory located in the Vosges and its various distribution centers in France (i.e Vittel/Arles 600 kms and Vittel/Montreuil-Bellay 760 kms). The dual-mode solution will be composed by a generator wagon incorporating a high-power fuel cell system powered by renewable hydrogen and a line-electric locomotive  all connected by an electrical power cable. The generating wagon will be able to supply the locomotive with electricity in the without the need for any catenary.""At Nestlé Waters  we favour rail freight whenever possible. We are constantly looking for efficient solutions to reduce the carbon impact of our supply chain "" said Sophie Dubois  Chief Executive Officer of Nestlé Waters in France.""We are very proud of this project as it represents a significant investment by our railway team to find innovative solutions to answer to climate and environmental challenge. This collaboration with Alstom and ENGIE will accelerate the development of a decarbonized/carbon-free supply chain""  concluded Sophie Dubois.An innovative decarbonization system developed by Alstom and ENGIENestlé Waters will be the first company to benefit from the hydrogen fuel cell solution for rail freight  including renewable hydrogen supply  developed by Alstom and ENGIE under a partnership announced in April 2022.This solution aims to replace the diesel-powered locomotives  currently used on most lines in France and most European countries.The high-power hydrogen fuel cell system developed by Alstom will power electric locomotives in non-electrified areas and offer a 100% electric solution for rail freight  end-to-end  including to the first and last kilometers  which are rarely electrified.This innovative solution will make it possible to carry out all freight journeys with the same electric locomotive  powered by the catenary on electrified main lines and by the hydrogen generator wagon in non-electrified areas.In terms of performance  the solution will provide all the power of a catenary-based mainline electric locomotive and enough power with hydrogen energy to pull a freight train over non-electrified line segments.ENGIE will supply the renewable hydrogen for this solution through the deployment of an innovative supply chain.""Alstom has been a pioneer in hydrogen trains by developing the first hydrogen train in commercial operation worldwide."" said Marc Granger  Chief Strategy Officer of Alstom.""Our ambition is to accelerate the adoption of hydrogen in the rail industry and to develop innovative solutions for the greening of mass mobility  including rail freight. Therefore  we are looking forward to the first circulation of a freight locomotive powered by renewable hydrogen in 2025. To go further  this solution  which is more environmentally friendly and generates less noise than diesel  will make it possible to develop the modal share of rail freight by offering an end-to-end electric solution  a real alternative to freight transport.""""Following the announcement of our partnership with Alstom to supply hydrogen to this new European rail decarbonization solution  Nestlé Waters becomes the first prime contractors for our offer  and the first future user of our solution. This is a key step in the development of this project. Hydrogen plays an essential role in the transition of industrial companies towards reducing their emissions  a dynamic in which ENGIE is fully involved. »Sébastien Arbola  Executive Vice President of ENGIE in charge of Thermal Generation  Hydrogen & Energy Supply activities.Nestlé Waters puts rail as a strategic part of its carbon reduction roadmapThis project with Alstom and ENGIE is the latest for Nestlé Waters  which has long favored rail in its logistical approaches to minimize the environmental impact of transport  equivalent to a quarter of its carbon footprint[4]. While for French industry  the share of rail freight represents on average [5]8% to 10% of the volumes transported  for Nestlé Waters in France  it represents nearly 45% of the volumes of the Vosges factory.In 2018  Nestlé Waters joined the FRET21 approach and signed an agreement with the French Agency for Ecological Transition (Agence de la Transition Ecologique - ADEME) to take action to reduce the carbon footprint of its product transport flows in France. In 2020  the group set a further target of reducing its transport-related CO 2 emissions in France by 13% by the end of 2022. This ambition is based on the following concrete actions:In 2018  the opening of a railway line between its PERRIER® plant and the port of Fos-sur-Mer  reducing the passage of 27 000 trucks per year.In 2019  the introduction of the EURODUAL hybrid locomotive  which has saved 1 920 tonnes of CO2 equivalent per year compared to a diesel locomotive.In 2021  the Glass Train project  which promotes the transport of VITTEL® and S.PELLEGRINO® returnable glass bottles by train  reduces the passage of 1 000 trucks per year.The initiatives led by Nestlé Waters since 2020 have already made it possible to reduce almost 11% of the carbon emissions from transport  or about 5'900 tons of CO 2 equivalent by the end of 2021.All these actions contribute to the Nestlé Group's ambition of zero net greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 at the global level.About Nestlé WatersFounded in 1992  Nestlé Waters  a subsidiary of the Nestlé Group  is a natural mineral water business. It is the national leader in the bottled water market in France with 8 brands such as VITTEL® HEPAR® and CONTREX®. Nestlé Waters is committed to healthy hydration  working with local stakeholders to protect water resources wherever it operates and reducing the environmental impact of its packaging on the environment.About ENGIEWe are a global reference group in low-carbon energy and services. Together with our 101'500 employees  customers  partners and stakeholders  we are committed every day to accelerating the transition to a carbon-neutral world through more energy-efficient and environmentally friendly solutions. Guided by our raison d'être  we reconcile economic performance with positive impact on people and the planet based on our core businesses (gas  renewable energies  services) to offer competitive solutions to our customers.Turnover in 2021: €57.9 billion. Listed in Paris and Brussels (ENGI)  the Group is represented in the main financial (CAC 40  Euronext 100  FTSE Eurotop 100  MSCI Europe) and extra-financial (DJSI World  DJSI Europe  Euronext Vigeo Eiris - Eurozone 120/ Europe 120/ France 20  MSCI EMU ESG screened  MSCI EUROPE ESG Universal Select  Stoxx Europe 600 ESG  and Stoxx Global 1800 ESG).About AlstomLeading the way in energy transition  Alstom develops and markets mobility solutions that provide a sustainable foundation for the future of transport. Whether it is high-speed trains  metros  monorails  trams  integrated systems  customized services  infrastructure  signaling solutions or digital mobility  Alstom offers its various customers the most comprehensive portfolio in the industry. 150 000 vehicles in commercial service around the world attest to the Group's recognized expertise in project management  innovation  design and technology. In 2021  Alstom is included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes  World and Europe  for the 11th consecutive time.Headquartered in France  Alstom is present in 70 countries and employs over 74 000 people worldwide. The Group generated sales of €15.5 billion in the year ended 31 March 2022.12 500 employees in France have the know-how to serve French and international customers. Around 30 000 jobs are generated in France by its 4 500 French suppliers.Log on to https://www.alstom.com/for more information.Media Contact - [email protected][1] Compared to the current solution (diesel locomotive)[2] Compared to the current solution (diesel locomotive)[3] Que représente (réellement) une tonne d'équivalent CO2 ? - Carbo (hellocarbo.com)[4] Life cycle analysis study  2018-2021  Cabinet RDC[5] Chiffres clés du transport - édition 2019 (developpement-durable.gouv.fr)Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1952990/hydrogen_fuel_cell_solution.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1952992/Sebastien_Arbola.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1952993/Sophie_Dubois.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1952994/Marc_Granger.jpgLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1952991/Nestle_Waters_Alstom_Engie_Logo.jpgSOURCE Nestlé Waters",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['first hydrogen-powered freight train', 'Nestlé Waters France', 'innovative solution', 'Alstom', 'ENGIE', 'high-power hydrogen fuel cell system', 'high-power fuel cell system', 'high-powered fuel cell system', 'VITTEL® natural mineral water', 'hydrogen fuel cell solution', 'supply chain decarbonization roadmap', 'catenary-based mainline electric locomotive', 'hydrogen generator wagon system', 'first hydrogen-powered freight train', 'innovative decarbonization system', 'Sébastien Arbola', 'Executive Vice President', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'various distribution centers', 'decarbonized/carbon-free supply chain', 'Energy Supply activities', 'innovative supply chain', 'same electric locomotive', 'electrical power cable', 'most European countries', 'renewable hydrogen supply', 'electrified main lines', 'first hydrogen train', 'new hydrogen solution', 'massified rail freight', 'electrified line segments', 'end electric solution', 'hydrogen energy', '100% electric solution', 'most lines', 'innovative solution', 'generating wagon', 'electric locomotives', 'hydrogen trains', 'freight locomotive', 'European scale', 'line-electric locomotive', 'dual-mode solution', 'electrified areas', 'electrified sectors', 'first company', 'first circulation', 'freight journeys', 'rail network', 'rail industry', 'Nestlé Waters', 'new collaboration', 'several years', 'long term', ""30'000 round trips"", 'illustration purposes', 'Thermal Generation', 'Sophie Dubois', 'Marc Granger', 'significant innovation', 'long distances', 'efficient solutions', 'carbon impact', 'significant investment', 'railway team', 'environmental challenge', 'diesel-powered locomotives', 'last kilometers', 'enough power', 'commercial operation', 'mass mobility', 'less noise', 'modal share', 'real alternative', 'freight transport', 'CO 2 equivalent', 'Vosges plant', 'current emissions', 'annual emissions', 'Creative Design', 'Vittel/Arles 600 kms', 'Alstom Advanced', 'ENGIE', 'project', ""10'000 tons"", 'actions', 'France', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'reduction', 'Paris', 'Nice', 'charge', 'goods', 'national', 'electricity', 'factory', 'Vittel/Montreuil-Bellay', 'need', 'climate', 'development', 'partnership', 'April', 'terms', 'performance', 'deployment', 'pioneer', 'ambition', 'adoption', 'greening', 'announcement']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,prnewswire.com
13610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/21/2559538/0/en/Vallourec-Third-Quarter-and-Nine-Month-2022-Results.html,Vallourec: Third Quarter and Nine Month 2022 Results,Meudon (France)  November 21  2022  Third Quarter and Nine Month 2022 Results  FY 2022 EBITDA guidance confirmed at €650 to €750 millionFree Cash Flow...,English FrenchMeudon (France)  November 21  2022Third Quarter and Nine Month 2022 ResultsFY 2022 EBITDA guidance confirmed at €650 to €750 millionFree Cash Flow to be positive in H2  driven by an expected strong Q4 performanceSocial plan agreements finalized in Germany  France and UK  substantially de-risking New Vallourec planNew Vallourec plan initiatives to be implemented in other regionsHighlightsSolid Q3 2022 PerformanceEBITDA of €198 million  +55% year-over-year and +24% quarter-over-quarterContinued positive OCTG price dynamics in the U.S. and in the Middle EastIron Ore mine production of 1.5 million tons; civil works for restoration of the Cachoeirinha pile completed1 and request to release pile registeredStrong commercial dynamic in the U.S. and from long-term agreements with customers like Saudi Aramco  ADNOC and Petrobras2022 financial objectives confirmedFY 2022 EBITDA expected between €650 and €750 millionMine production to continue in Q4 2022 and Q1 2023 with c.1.2 million tons per quarter using alternative waste pilesPositive Free Cash Flow in H2  driven by an expected strong Q4 performanceFY 2022 CAPEX expected around €200 millionNew Vallourec plan on track with new initiatives addedSocial plan agreements finalized in Germany  France and the UK  substantially de-risking New Vallourec planOn track to generate €230 million of recurring EBITDA uplift with full impact starting Q2 2024New Vallourec plan initiatives to be implemented in other regions  starting with BrazilPhilippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer  declared:“Our tube business continues to improve quarter after quarter driven by a favorable environment due to a worldwide focus on energy security. Q3 results are positively impacted by the new Company-wide pricing strategies implemented since Q2 and strong volume dynamics related to new or existing contracts. In addition  we have made significant progress towards restoring normal operations at our Pau Branco mine. We have received permission to continue to use alternative waste piles until the beginning of Q2 2023. In parallel  we have finalized civil works related to the restoration of the minimum safety factor of the core Cachoeirinha waste pile and registered the request for its release.Within our businesses  Q4 mine production will be above our previous assumptions  at lower prices. Our tube business continues to perform strongly across the global platform  even though we are seeing higher energy costs in the to be closed German operations. In addition  as part of our focus on inventory management  we have scrapped unallocated materials and inventories with low resale value potential  leading to one-off expenses in 2022.Overall  we confirm our full year 2022 EBITDA objective of €650 million to €750 million  and we are on track to deliver positive Free Cash Flow in the second half  driven by an expected strong Q4 performance.At the same time  we are making steady progress in the implementation of our New Vallourec plan: in recent weeks we have secured firm social agreements in France  Germany  and the UK  substantially de-risking our plan and allowing our teams to focus on execution. In addition  we will expand the scope of the transformation of our business and implement New Vallourec plan initiatives in other geographies  starting with Brazil. Our strategic targets remain unchanged: to become cycle proof and to increase our margins towards best-in class levels. The New Vallourec plan is fully on track to generate €230 million of recurring EBITDA uplift with full impact starting in Q2 2024.”KEY DATA9 Months 2022 9 Months 2021 Change In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Change 1 290 1 130 14.2% Production shipped (k tons) 462 391 18.2% 3 342 2 378 40.5% Revenue 1 281 834 53.6% 403 356 €47m EBITDA 198 128 €70m 12.1% 15.0% (2.9)p.p. (as a % of revenue) 15.4% 15.3% 0.1p.p. (286) 299 na Operating income (loss) 89 72 23.6% (444) (49) €(395)m Net income  Group share 6 (7) €13m (482) (300) €(182)m Free cash-flow (81) (103) €22m 1 493 993 €500m Net debt 1 493 993 €500mCONSOLIDATED REVENUES BY MARKET9 Months 2022 9 Months 2021 Change At constant exchange rates In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Change At constant exchange rates 2 310 1 343 72.0% 54.4% Oil & Gas  Petrochemicals 907 456 98.8% 74.4% 931 937 (0.6)% (8.5)% Industry & Other 346 348 (0.5)% (8.5)% 100 98 2.8% (6.8)% Power Generation 28 30 (5.7)% (15.3)% 3 342 2 378 40.5% 27.1% Total 1 281 834 53.6% 36.6%In the Third Quarter of 2022  Vallourec recorded revenues of €1 281 million  up 54% year-on-year and by 37% at constant exchange rates reflecting:17% currency conversion effect mainly related to weaker EUR/USD and EUR/BRL16% volume increase mainly driven by Oil & Gas in EA-MEA and North America26% price/mix effect(5)% iron ore mineFor the First Nine months  revenues totaled €3 342 million  up 41% year-on-year and by 27% at constant exchange rates on the back of:13% currency conversion effect mainly related to weaker EUR/USD and EUR/BRL12% volume increase mainly driven by Oil & Gas in North America and  to a lesser extent  in EA-MEA22% price/mix effect(8)% iron ore mineOil & Gas  Petrochemicals (71% of Q3 2022 consolidated revenues)In Q3 2022  Oil & Gas revenues amounted to €794 million  a sharp increase of 94% year-on-year and of 71% at constant exchange rates.In North America   Oil & Gas revenues more than doubled thanks to both higher prices and volumes  Oil & Gas revenues more than doubled thanks to both higher prices and volumes In EA-MEA   the significant Oil & Gas revenue increase was mainly driven by higher volumes  the significant Oil & Gas revenue increase was mainly driven by higher volumes In South America  the decrease in revenues was explained by lower project line pipe activityFor the First Nine months  Oil & Gas revenues totaled €2 025 million  up 67% year-on-year (+51% at constant exchange rates)  mainly thanks to North America and  to a lesser extent  EA-MEA.In Q3 2022  Petrochemicals revenues stood at €113 million  more than doubling year-on-year (+105% at constant exchange rates) notably explained by increased prices and volumes in North America. For the First Nine months  Petrochemicals revenues increased sharply year-on-year to reach €285 million  (+89% at constant exchange rates).In Q3 2022 revenues for Oil & Gas and Petrochemicals amounted to €907 million  up 99% year-on-year (+74% at constant exchange rates). For the First Nine months revenues for Oil & Gas and Petrochemicals totaled €2 310 million  up 72% compared with 2021 (+54% at constant exchange rates).Industry & Other (27% of Q3 2022 consolidated revenues)In Q3 2022  Industry & Other revenues amounted to €346 million  stable year-on-year (down 8.5% at constant exchange rates):In Europe  Industry revenues were up on the back of price increasesIn South America  Industry & Other revenues declined  reflecting the lower iron ore mine activityFor the First Nine Months  Industry & Other revenues totaled €931 million  stable year-on-year and down 8.5% at constant exchange rates; better prices in engineering and  to a lesser extent  in automotive  did not offset the impact of the mine shutdown.Power Generation (2% of Q3 2022 consolidated revenues)In Q3 2022  Power Generation revenues amounted to €28 million  down by 6% year-on-year and by 15% at constant exchange rates. For the First Nine Months 2022  revenues totaled €100 million  up 3% year-on-year and down by 7% at constant exchange rates.CONSOLIDATED RESULTS ANALYSISQ3 2022 consolidated results analysisIn Q3 2022  EBITDA amounted to €198 million compared with €128 million in Q3 2021; the EBITDA margin stood at 15.4% of revenues versus 15.3% in Q3 2021  reflecting:An industrial margin of €278 million  or 21.7% of revenues  versus €207 million or 24.8% of revenues in Q3 2021. The positive contribution of the Oil & Gas market in North America  both in prices and volumes  was partially offset by the negative impact of the lower mine activity.Sales  general and administrative costs (SG&A) stood at €77 million or 6% of revenue versus 9% in Q3 2021.Operating income was positive at €89 million  compared to €72 million in Q3 2021. In Q3 2022  the Group booked €51 million mainly related to adaptation measures in Germany and the accelerated amortization of ceased activities.Financial income was negative at €(30) million  compared with €(36) million in Q3 2021; net interest expenses in Q3 2022 stood at €(25) million reflecting the new balance sheet structure.Income tax amounted to €(53) million compared to €(41) million in Q3 2021  reflecting both corporate tax as well as changes in deferred taxes.This resulted in positive net income  Group share  of €6 million  compared to negative €(7) million in Q3 2021.First nine months 2022 consolidated results analysisOver the first nine months 2022  EBITDA amounted to €403 million  a €47 million increase year-on-year  to stand at 12.1% of revenues  reflecting:An industrial margin of €661 million or 19.8% of revenues  up €43 million compared with 9M 2021. The positive contribution of the Oil & Gas market in North America  both in prices and volumes  was partially offset by the negative impact of the temporary suspension of the mine operations.Sales  general and administrative costs (SG&A) of €260 million  or 7.8% of revenues  versus €233 million and 9.8% of revenues in 9M 2021.Operating income was negative at €(286) million compared with a positive €299 million in 9M 2021  resulting mainly from provisions related to the adaptation measures (European social plans and associated fees) and  to a lesser extent  from provisions for non-recurring costs in respect of the mine incident.Financial income was negative at €(51) million  compared with €(221) million in 9M 2021; net interest expenses in 9M 2022 of €(70) million reflecting the new balance sheet structure  were partially offset by other financial income.Income tax amounted to €(104) million mainly related to North America and Brazil.As a result  net income  Group share  amounted to €(444) million  compared to €(49) million in 9M 2021.CASH FLOW AND FINANCIAL POSITIONCash flow from operating activitiesIn Q3 2022  cash flow from operating activities improved to €108 million  compared to €18 million in Q3 2021; mainly driven by a higher EBITDA and lower income tax cash-out.Over the first nine months  cash flow from operating activities was positive at €169 million compared to €16 million in 9M 2021. The improvement was mainly related to lower income tax.Operating working capital requirementIn Q3 2022  the operating working capital requirement increased by €(135) million  versus a rise of €(93) million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher forward volume expectations and raw-material price increases. The net working capital requirement stood at 118 days of sales  compared to 111 days in Q3 2021.For the first nine months 2022  the operating working capital requirement increased by €(538) million versus an increase of €(232) million in 9M 2021.CapexCapital expenditure was €(54) million in Q3 2022  compared with €(28) million in Q3 2021  and €(113) million in 9M 2022 compared to €(84) million in 9M 2021.For the full year it is expected to be around €200 million  including €120 million of capital expenditures equally spread over FY 2022 and FY 2023 related to the transfer of the German Oil & Gas activities to Brazil.Free cash flowAs a result  in Q3 2022  free cash flow was negative at €(81) million versus €(103) million in Q3 2021.Free cash flow for 9M 2022 was negative at €(482) million  compared with €(300) million in 9M 2021  after €538 million working capital build over the first nine months.Free Cash Flow will be positive in H2  driven by an expected strong performance in Q4.Asset disposals and other itemsIn Q3 2022  asset disposals and other items amounted to €(24) million compared with €(171) million in Q3 2021.Over the first nine months of 2022  they amounted to €(54) million.Net debt and liquidityAs of September 30  2022  net debt stood at €1 493 million  compared with €1 389 million at June 30  2022. Gross debt amounted to €1 784 million including €76 million of fair value adjustment under IFRS 9 (which will be reversed over the life of the debt). Long-term debt amounted to €1 375 million and short-term debt totaled €409 million.Net debt at year-end 2022 is projected below September levels thanks to an expected strong free cash flow performance in Q4.As of September 30  2022  lease debt stood at €78 million following the application of IFRS 16 standards  compared with €61 million on June 30  2022.As of September 30  2022  the liquidity position was strong at €703 million  with cash amounting to €291 million and an undrawn committed Revolving Credit Facility of €412 million.As of November 21  2022  Vallourec has fully repaid the utilized Revolving Credit Facility. The Group also closed a $210 million asset-backed loan with a 5-year tenor provided by a group of four top ranked international banks.The Group has no repayments scheduled before June 2026.UPDATE ON PAU BRANCO MINEOperations at Vallourec’s Pau Branco iron ore mine were temporarily suspended in January 2022 following flooding which caused damage to its Cachoeirinha waste pile. Operations were partially restarted in May using an alternative waste pile  albeit at lower-than-normal capacity levels. Volumes extracted in first nine months 2022 amounted to c.2.6 million tons.Permissions from authorities have been obtained to continue to use alternative waste piles until the beginning of Q2 2023. In parallel  the Group has finalized civil works related to the restoration of the minimum safety factor of the core Cachoeirinha waste pile and registered the request for full release.For 2022 as a whole  Vallourec estimates production of around 3.8 million tons  which is embedded in our FY 2022 EBITDA outlook.MARKET TRENDSOil & GasIn North America  the highly favorable market conditions should continue through year-end and into 2023. The OCTG market remains very tight in terms of available supply.In EA-MEA  ongoing volume recovery is expected in the coming quarters especially in the dynamic Middle East markets  with a progressive recovery in pricing power.In Europe  higher energy costs are set to impact GDP growth.In South America  prices and volumes are expected to increase.Industry & OtherIn Brazil  the outlook for volumes is neutral  with price increases fully offsetting cost inflation.OUTLOOKWe confirm our EBITDA objective for FY 2022 in a range of €650 to €750 million.Capex is expected to be around €200 million  including approximately €60 million for the preparation of the transfer of Oil & Gas volumes from Germany to Brazil.Free Cash Flow will be positive in H2  driven by an expected strong Q4 performance.NEW VALLOUREC PLAN ON TRACK WITH NEW INITIATIVES ADDEDThe New Vallourec plan  announced in May 2022  remains fully on track. The plan aims to generate €230 million of recurring EBITDA uplift and around €20 million CAPEX reduction with full impact starting in Q2 2024  contributing to making the Group cycle-proof and generating positive free cash flow2 even at the bottom of the cycle.In recent weeks we have secured firm social agreements in France  Germany  and the UK  substantially de-risking our plan and allowing our teams to focus on execution. Moreover  we will implement New Vallourec plan initiatives in other geographies starting with Brazil  as well as production increases in the US and Saudi Arabia.In addition  a value-over-volume strategy incorporates portfolio rationalization to drive profitable growth. Vallourec aims to achieve best-in-class profitability levels and close the margin gap with peers.Information and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms as “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “may”  “assume”  “plan”  “intend”  “will”  “should”  “estimate”  “risk” and or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and include statements regarding the Company’s intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  Vallourec’s results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies and the industries in which they operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. These risks include those developed or identified in the public documents filed by Vallourec with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marches financiers  or “AMF”)  including those listed in the “Risk Factors” section of the Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 19  2022  under filing number n° D.22-0305. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that Vallourec’s or any of its affiliates’ actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition  even if Vallourec’s or any of its affiliates’ results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.Presentation of Q3 2022 resultsConference call / audio webcast on Monday  November 21st at 9:30 am CETTo listen to the audio webcast: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vallourec-en/20221121_1/To participate in the conference call  please dial (password: “Vallourec”):+44 (0) 33 0551 0200 (UK) +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66 (France) +1 212 999 6659 (USA)Audio webcast replay and slides will be available at:https://www.vallourec.com/en/investorsAbout VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 17 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.Financial CalendarMarch 2nd 2023 Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 resultsFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAppendicesDue to rounding  numbers presented throughout this and other documents may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.Documents accompanying this release:Sales volumeForexRevenue by geographic regionRevenue by marketSummary consolidated income statementSummary consolidated balance sheetFree cash flowCash flow statementDefinitions of non-GAAP financial dataSales volumeIn thousands of tons 2022 2021 Change Q1 395 358 10.3% Q2 433 381 13.6% Q3 462 391 18.2% Q4 510 - Total 1 640 -ForexAverage exchange rate 9 months 2022 9 months 2021 EUR / USD 1.06 1.20 EUR / BRL 5.46 6.38 USD / BRL 5.14 5.32Revenue by geographic regionIn € million 9 months 2022 As % of revenue 9 months 2021 As % of revenue Change Q3 2022 As % of revenue Q3 2021 As % of revenue Change Europe 426 12.7% 386 16.2% 10.3% 141 11.0% 139 16.6% 1.7% North America (Nafta) 1 353 40.5% 524 22.0% 158.1% 546 42.6% 215 25.8% 153.4% South America 748 22.4% 810 34.1% (7.7)% 277 21.7% 302 36.2% (8.1)% Asia and Middle East 634 19.0% 512 21.5% 23.7% 224 17.5% 142 17.0% 58.2% Rest of the world 182 5.4% 145 6.1% 25.3% 93 7.2% 37 4.4% 154.1% Total 3 342 100% 2 378 100% 40.5% 1 281 100% 834 100% 53.6%Revenue by market9 months 2022 As % of revenue 9 months 2021 As % of revenue Change In € million Q3 2022 As % of revenue Q3 2021 As % of revenue Variation 2 025 60.6% 1 209 50.9% 67.5% Oil & Gas 794 62.0% 408 48.9% 94.4% 285 8.5% 134 5.6% 112.5% Petrochemicals 113 8.8% 48 5.7% 136.1% 2 310 69.1% 1 343 56.5% 72.0% Oil & Gas  Petrochemicals 907 70.8% 456 54.7% 98.8% 446 13.3% 337 14.2% 32.5% Mechanicals 154 12.0% 130 15.6% 18.4% 71 2.1% 64 2.7% 11.5% Automotive 21 1.6% 24 2.8% (10.8)% 415 12.4% 537 22.6% (22.8)% Construction & Other 171 13.3% 194 23.3% (12.0)% 931 27.9% 937 39.4% (0.6)% Industry & Other 346 27.0% 348 41.7% (0.5)% 100 3.0% 98 4.1% 2.8% Power Generation 28 2.2% 30 3.6% (5.7)% 3 342 100% 2 378 100% 40.5% Total 1 281 100% 834 100% 53.6%Summary consolidated income statement9 months 2022 9 months 2021 Change In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Change 3 342 2 378 40.5% Revenue 1 282 834 53.7% (2 681) (1 760) 52.3% Cost of sales (1 004) (627) 60.1% 661 618 7.0% Industrial Margin 278 207 34.3% 19.8% 26.0% (6.2)p.p. (as a % of revenue) 21.7% 24.8% (3.1)p.p. (260) (233) 11.6% Sales  general and administrative costs (77) (75) 2.7% 2 (29) na Other (3) (4) na 403 356 €47m EBITDA 198 128 €70m 12.1% 15.0% (2.9)p.p. (as a % of revenue) 15.4% 15.3% 0.1p.p. (137) (121) 13.2% Depreciation of industrial assets (47) (43) 9.3% (34) (32) 6.3% Amortization and other depreciation (11) (10) na - - - Impairment of assets - - - (518) 96 na Asset disposals  restructuring costs and non-recurring items (51) (3) na (286) 299 €(585)m Operating income (loss) 89 72 €17m (51) (211) (75.8)% Financial income/(loss) (30) (36) 16.7% (337) 88 €(425)m Pre-tax income (loss) 59 36 €23m (104) (141) na Income tax (53) (41) 29.3% (3) (4) na Share in net income/(loss) of equity affiliates (1) (1) na (443) (57) €(386)m Net income 6 (6) €12m 1 (8) na Attributable to non-controlling interests - 1 na (444) (49) €(395)m Net income  Group share 6 (7) €13m (1.9) (0.6) na Net earnings per share (in €) * 0.03 (0.03) nana = not applicableSummary consolidated balance sheetIn € million Assets 09/30/2022 12/31/2021 Liabilities 09/30/2022 12/31/2021 Equity - Group share * 1 767 1 763 Non-controlling interests 44 45 Net intangible assets 41 45 Total equity 1 811 1 808 Goodwill 42 38 Shareholder loan - - Net property  plant and equipment 1 972 1 666 Bank loans and other borrowings (A) 1 375 1 387 Biological assets 66 38 Lease debt (D) 56 33 Equity affiliates 32 35 Employee benefit commitments 85 14 Other non-current assets 213 162 Deferred taxes 28 29 Deferred taxes 221 239 Provisions and other long-term liabilities 428 140 Total non-current assets 2 587 2 223 Total non-current liabilities 1 972 1 603 Inventories 1 561 856 Provisions 213 40 Trade and other receivables 808 541 Overdraft and other short-term borrowings (B) 409 190 Derivatives - assets 21 4 Lease debt (E) 22 15 Other current assets 260 133 Trade payables 709 457 Cash and cash equivalents (C)291619Derivatives - liabilities 117 19 Other current liabilities 281 242 Total current assets 2 941 2 153 Total current liabilities 1 751 963 Assets held for sale and discontinued operations 14 372 Liabilities held for sale and discontinued operations 8 374 Total assets 5 542 4 748 Total equity and liabilities 5 542 4 748 * Net income (loss)  Group share (444) 40 Net debt (A+B-C) 1 493 958 Lease debt (D+E) 78 48Free cash flow9 months 2022 9 months 2021Change In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Change 403 356 €47m Ebitda 198 128 €70m (38) 3 €(41)m Provisions and other non-cash elements (36) (5) €(31)m 365 359 €6m Cash Ebitda 162 123 €39m (61) (67) €6m Interest payments (8) (6) €(2)m (56) (139) €83m Tax payments (18) (71) €53m (79) (137) €58m Other (including restructuring charges) (28) (28) - 169 16 €153m Operating cash flow before change in WCR 108 18 €90m (538) (232) €(306)m Change in operating WCR [+ decrease  (increase)] (135) (93) €(42)m (369) (216) €(153)m Operating cash flow (27) (75) €48m (113) (84) €(29)m Gross capital expenditure (54) (28) €(26)m (482) (300) €(182)m Free cash flow (81) (103) €22mCash flow statement9 months 2022 9 months 2021 In € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 169 16 Cash flow from operating activities 108 18 (538) (232) Change in operating WCR [+ decrease  (increase)] (135) (93) (369) (216) Net cash flow from operating activities (27) (75) (113) (84) Gross capital expenditure (54) (28) (54) 1 520 Asset disposals and other items (24) (171) (536) 1 220 Change in net debt [+ decrease  (increase)] (105) (274) 1 493 993 Financial net debt (end of period) 1 493 993Definitions of non-GAAP financial dataData at constant exchange rates: the data presented « at constant exchange rates » is calculated by eliminating the translation effect into euros for the revenue of the Group’s entities whose functional currency is not the euro. The translation effect is eliminated by applying Year N-1 exchange rates to Year N revenue of the contemplated entities.Free cash flow: Free cash-flow (FCF) is defined as cash flow from operating activities minus gross capital expenditure and plus/minus change in operating working capital requirement.Gross capital expenditure: gross capital expenditure is defined as the sum of cash outflows for acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets and cash outflows for acquisitions of biological assets.Industrial margin: the industrial margin is defined as the difference between revenue and cost of sales (i.e. after allocation of industrial variable costs and industrial fixed costs)  before depreciation.Lease debt : defined as the present value of unavoidable future lease paymentsNet debt : consolidated net debt is defined as Bank loans and other borrowings plus Overdrafts and other short-term borrowings minus Cash and cash equivalents. Net debt excludes lease debt.Net working capital requirement: defined as working capital requirement net of provisions for inventories and trade receivables; net working capital requirement days are computed on an annualized quarterly sales basis.Operating working capital requirement: includes working capital requirement as well as other receivables and payables.Working capital requirement: defined as trade receivables plus inventories minus trade payables (excluding provisions).1 Civil works related to restoration of minimum safety factor completed2 *Free Cash Flow before change in working capitalAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.11,0.21,True,English,"['Third Quarter', 'Nine Month', 'Vallourec', '2022 Results', 'other regions Highlights Solid Q3 2022 Performance', 'low resale value potential', 'positive OCTG price dynamics', 'new Company-wide pricing strategies', 'Positive Free Cash Flow', 'The New Vallourec plan', 'Iron Ore mine production', 'New Vallourec plan initiatives', 'core Cachoeirinha waste pile', 'full year 2022 EBITDA objective', 'strong Q4 performance', 'alternative waste piles', 'English French Meudon', 'Strong commercial dynamic', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong volume dynamics', 'Pau Branco mine', 'minimum safety factor', 'constant exchange rates', 'Social plan agreements', 'firm social agreements', 'recurring EBITDA uplift', '17% currency conversion effect', '13% currency conversion effect', 'Nine Month 2022 Results', 'higher energy costs', 'Q4 mine production', 'c.1.2 million tons', 'FY 2022 EBITDA guidance', 'First Nine months', 'new initiatives', 'Q3 results', 'Cachoeirinha pile', 'Free cash-flow', '1.5 million tons', 'long-term agreements', 'other geographies', 'full impact', '26% price/mix effect', 'energy security', '16% volume increase', 'k tons', 'U.S.', 'Middle East', 'civil works', 'Saudi Aramco', '2022 financial objectives', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'favorable environment', 'existing contracts', 'significant progress', 'normal operations', 'previous assumptions', 'lower prices', 'global platform', 'German operations', 'inventory management', 'unallocated materials', 'one-off expenses', 'second half', 'same time', 'steady progress', 'recent weeks', 'strategic targets', 'cycle proof', 'class levels', 'Operating income', 'Net income', 'Group share', 'Net debt', 'Power Generation', 'weaker EUR/USD', 'North America', 'tube business', 'worldwide focus', 'Third Quarter', '9 Months', 'France', 'Germany', 'UK', 'restoration', 'registered', 'customers', 'ADNOC', 'Petrobras', 'Q1', 'CAPEX', 'track', 'Brazil', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Q2', 'addition', 'permission', 'beginning', 'parallel', 'request', 'release', 'businesses', 'part', 'inventories', 'implementation', 'teams', 'execution', 'scope', 'transformation', 'margins', 'DATA', 'Revenue', 'MARKET', 'Oil', 'Gas', 'Petrochemicals', 'Industry', 'EUR/BRL', 'EA-MEA', 'back', '€']",2022-11-21,2022-11-22,globenewswire.com
13611,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2022-11-22-dbv-technologies-to-participate-in-upcoming-investor-conference,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference. DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Mark,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference. DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Mark,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'DBV Technologies', 'Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Nasdaq Stock Mark', 'DBV Technologies', 'Euronext', 'ISIN']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,markets.buffalonews.com
13612,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/voltalia-signs-innovative-co-development-173000014.html,Voltalia signs an innovative co-development partnership agreement with Uzbekistan,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  with extensive experience in multi-energy sites  announces a co-development partnership for a renewable and adaptable electricity cluster comprising solar  wind and battery storage capacities with a total output of between 400 and 500 megawatts.,"VoltaliaVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  with extensive experience in multi-energy sites  announces a co-development partnership for a renewable and adaptable electricity cluster comprising solar  wind and battery storage capacities with a total output of between 400 and 500 megawatts.On the sidelines of President Mirziyoyev's official visit to France  the Uzbek government and Voltalia signed  in the presence of the EBRD (European Bank for Reconstruction and Development)  a partnership agreement for the co-development of an electricity cluster  the first of its kind in Central Asia. It will promote the uptake of renewable energy and reduce congestion on the electricity grid.The installed capacity will be between 400 and 500 megawatts  which will be split around:200 megawatts of solar 200 megawatts of wind and60 megawatts / 240 megawatt-hours of battery storage.The site will be selected jointly by Voltalia and the Uzbek Ministry of Energy. Commissioning is planned from 2026.The cluster will produce more than one terawatt-hour annually  covering the electricity needs of more than 800 000 inhabitants and avoiding the emission of at least 500 000 tonnes of CO 2 into the atmosphere each year.The partnership is tripartite between the Ministry of Energy  the Ministry of Investments and Foreign Trade (MIFT) and Voltalia. The Uzbek government wants to increase the country's energy independence. To ensure its security and growth  Uzbekistan is aiming for 8 gigawatts of renewable capacity by 2026 and 12 gigawatts by 2030.Voltalia's international development teams  based in Paris  are monitoring the Uzbek market in the context of Voltalia's partnership with one of its shareholders  the EBRD. Voltalia participated in a first wind tender in 2021 and is currently participating in another solar tender sponsored by the IFC (World Bank Group).In the presence of Shavkat Mirziyoyev  President of the Republic of Uzbekistan  Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia declared: ""We are particularly proud to support the energy transition in Uzbekistan. This cluster project  which combines three technologies  is a first in the region. We want Uzbekistan to benefit from our long experience in multi-energy clusters  which comes from very large projects  such as Serra Branca in Brazil (wind and solar) or smaller ones  such as Toco in French Guiana (solar and storage)"".Story continuesNext on the agenda: Revenues Q4 2022  on January 25  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.4 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 450 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Loris DaougabelEmail: ldaougabel@actifin.fr T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.57,0.43,0.0,True,English,"['development partnership agreement', 'innovative co', 'Voltalia', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'energy efficiency services', 'World Bank Group', 'battery storage capacities', 'renewable energy sector', 'The Uzbek government', 'first wind tender', 'international development teams', 'adaptable electricity cluster', 'renewable energy projects', 'European Bank', 'The Group', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'renewable capacity', 'energy independence', 'energy transition', 'ISIN code', 'extensive experience', 'multi-energy sites', 'total output', 'official visit', 'Central Asia', 'installed capacity', 'one terawatt', 'Foreign Trade', 'Uzbek market', 'Shavkat Mirziyoyev', 'cluster project', 'three technologies', 'long experience', 'multi-energy clusters', 'large projects', 'Serra Branca', 'French Guiana', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'electricity grid', 'electricity needs', 'green electricity', 'solar tender', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Uzbek Ministry', 'President Mirziyoyev', 'partnership agreement', 'investor clients', 'development partnership', 'Voltalia', '500 megawatts', 'sidelines', 'France', 'presence', 'EBRD', 'Reconstruction', 'kind', 'uptake', 'congestion', '200 megawatts', '60 megawatts', '240 megawatt-hours', 'Commissioning', '800,000 inhabitants', 'emission', '500,000 tonnes', 'atmosphere', 'Investments', 'MIFT', 'country', 'security', 'growth', '8 gigawatts', '12 gigawatts', 'context', 'shareholders', 'IFC', 'Republic', 'CEO', 'region', 'Brazil', 'smaller', 'Toco', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Revenues', 'January', 'operation', '2.4 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,450 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment', '400']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,ca.finance.yahoo.com
13613,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-11/57656391-wallix-recognized-for-progress-in-non-financial-performance-650.htm,WALLIX recognized for progress in non-financial performance,Gaïa Research score of 70/100; 16 points above average peer score; Up 23 points in 3 years; Gaïa silver medal awarded by Ethifinance. Paris  November 22  2022 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European,"Gaïa Research score of 70/100;16 points above average peer score;Up 23 points in 3 years;Gaïa silver medal awarded by Ethifinance.Paris  November 22  2022 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  has been awarded a score of 70/100 by Gaïa Research  up sharply and largely exceeding the sector average.In the Gaïa Research 2022 survey  WALLIX obtained a score of 70/100  well above the 54/100 average among the 66 companies rated in the Information Technology sector. The score is awarded in respect of non-financial data for 2021 on the basis of 140 criteria spanning four main themes: environment  social  governance  and external stakeholders.By continuously improving its ESG policy  WALLIX has raised its score by 23 points over three years and now ranks 14th among the 66 companies of its industry  17th among the 126 companies with revenue below €150m and 70th among the 371 companies rated by Gaïa Research 2022. This achievement has earned WALLIX the Gaïa silver medal for non-financial performance.The establishment of a CSR Committee and the publication of the first non-financial report illustrate the Group's determination to ensure compliance with the sustainable development principles. The recent change from a dual board structure with a Management Board and a Supervisory Board to a one-tier board structure with a Board of Directors will definitely improve the Group's governance rating and its overall non-financial performance in 2023.Next publication: Full-year 2022 turnover  February 9  2023A PROPOS DE WALLIXABOUT WALLIXA software company providing cybersecurity solutions  WALLIX is the European specialist in digital Identity and Access Security Solutions. WALLIX PAM4ALL  the unified privilege management solution  enables companies to respond to today's data protection challenges. It guarantees detection of and resilience to cyberattacks  which enables business continuity. The solution also ensures compliance with regulatory requirements regarding access to IT infrastructures and critical data. WALLIX PAM4ALL is distributed through a network of more than 300 resellers and integrators worldwide. Listed on the Euronext (ALLIX)  WALLIX supports more than 2000 organizations in securing their digital transformation. WALLIX is a founding member of the HEXATRUST group and has been included in the Futur40  the first ranking of growth companies on the stock exchange published by Forbes France and is part of the Tech 40 index.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestors Relations - Hélène DE WATTEVILLE+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Déborah SCHWARTZ+33 6 27 09 05 73 / dschwartz@actus.fr------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:yJluaZZqlW7HyG9slJmYmZOVbGxhxWHHbZfGnGpplcqYaGlkxmySb5WdZnBomGhr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-77335-wallix_gaia-vdef_en.pdf",positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['financial performance', 'WALLIX', 'progress', 'Hélène DE WATTEVILLE', 'Gaïa silver medal', 'Gaïa Research 2022 survey', 'trusted European digital space', 'secure societal digital transformation', 'unified privilege management solution', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'Gaïa Research score', 'four main themes', 'sustainable development principles', 'Déborah SCHWARTZ', 'first non-financial report', 'overall non-financial performance', 'privileged access management', 'dual board structure', 'one-tier board structure', 'Information Technology sector', 'Communication Investors Relations', 'Copyright Actusnews Wire', 'next press releases', 'Access Security Solutions', 'average peer score', 'data protection challenges', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'European specialist', 'Management Board', 'Digital technology', 'Press Relations', 'sector average', 'digital Identity', 'digital responsibility', 'software company', 'first ranking', 'FINANCIAL COMMUNICATION', '54/100 average', 'Supervisory Board', 'external stakeholders', 'ESG policy', 'CSR Committee', 'recent change', 'Full-year 2022 turnover', 'business continuity', 'regulatory requirements', 'IT infrastructures', 'critical data', 'founding member', 'stock exchange', 'Forbes France', 'Tech 40 index', 'personal use', 'individual freedoms', 'original release', 'PDF format', 'Next publication', 'three years', 'governance rating', 'HEXATRUST group', 'ACTUS Finance', 'growth companies', 'WALLIX PAM4ALL', 'Euronext ALLIX', '3 years', '66 companies', '126 companies', '371 companies', 'points', 'Ethifinance', 'Paris', 'expert', 'respect', 'basis', '140 criteria', 'environment', 'social', 'industry', 'revenue', 'achievement', 'establishment', 'determination', 'compliance', 'Directors', 'February', 'PROPOS', 'today', 'detection', 'resilience', 'cyberattacks', 'network', '300 resellers', 'integrators', '2000 organizations', 'Futur40', 'part', 'construction', 'confidentiality', 'individuals', 'privacy', 'professional', 'order', 'email', 'documents_communiques', 'gaia']",2022-11-05,2022-11-22,finanznachrichten.de
13614,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/-publication-the-offering-circular-relation-the-merger-between-/2022/11/22/9718039.htm,PUBLICATION OF THE OFFERING CIRCULAR IN RELATION TO THE MERGER BETWEEN DSM AND FIRMENICH AND THE LISTING OF DSM-FIRMENICH ON EURONEXT AMSTERDAM,Firmenich International SA (Firmenich) and Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (the Company) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by the Company for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (each such share ,Firmenich International SA (Firmenich) and Danube AG  to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG (the Company) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by the Company for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (each such share ,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['OFFERING CIRCULAR', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'RELATION', 'BETWEEN', 'DSM', 'FIRMENICH', 'LISTING', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Firmenich International SA', 'Danube AG', 'Firmenich AG', 'share capital', 'Company', 'connection', 'DSM']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,tmcnet.com
13615,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Dec-March milling wheat spread balloons on short squeeze https://t.co/ih8cc4OXfF,nan,Euronext Dec-March milling wheat spread balloons on short squeeze https://t.co/ih8cc4OXfF,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['wheat spread balloons', 'Euronext Dec-March', 'short squeeze', 'wheat spread balloons', 'Euronext Dec-March', 'short squeeze']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13616,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Premium Real Estate Facebook Group List Visit This Link : https://t.co/FE9McwoDJr #Euronext… https://t.co/4ig1IxqMZ2,nan,Premium Real Estate Facebook Group List Visit This Link : https://t.co/FE9McwoDJr #Euronext… https://t.co/4ig1IxqMZ2,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Premium Real Estate Facebook Group List', 'Link', 'FE9McwoDJr', 'ig1IxqMZ2', 'Premium Real Estate Facebook Group List', 'Link', 'FE9McwoDJr', 'ig1IxqMZ2']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13617,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Premium Real Estate Facebook Group List Visit This Link : https://t.co/FE9McwoDJr #Euronext… https://t.co/4Or8kGy4zo,nan,Premium Real Estate Facebook Group List Visit This Link : https://t.co/FE9McwoDJr #Euronext… https://t.co/4Or8kGy4zo,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Premium Real Estate Facebook Group List', 'Link', 'FE9McwoDJr', 'Or8kGy4zo', 'Premium Real Estate Facebook Group List', 'Link', 'FE9McwoDJr', 'Or8kGy4zo']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13618,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Fabrizio Testa and Giorgio Modica were thrilled to meet B.O.A. JA  the winners of this year’s Euronext Blue Innovat… https://t.co/0sKurKG7Fu,nan,Fabrizio Testa and Giorgio Modica were thrilled to meet B.O.A. JA  the winners of this year’s Euronext Blue Innovat… https://t.co/0sKurKG7Fu,neutral,0.28,0.7,0.02,neutral,0.28,0.7,0.02,True,English,"['B.O.A. JA', 'Euronext Blue Innovat', 'Fabrizio Testa', 'Giorgio Modica', 'winners', 'year', 'B.O.A. JA', 'Euronext Blue Innovat', 'Fabrizio Testa', 'Giorgio Modica', 'winners', 'year']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13619,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 637 81 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wmJuAb https://t.co/JVPTNBOAn1,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 637 81 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wmJuAb https://t.co/JVPTNBOAn1,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'JVPTNBOAn1', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'JVPTNBOAn1']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13620,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,The 20:56 from Stockton (County Durham) to Drigg is cancelled due to falling values on the Euronext.,nan,The 20:56 from Stockton (County Durham) to Drigg is cancelled due to falling values on the Euronext.,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['County Durham', 'falling values', 'Stockton', 'Drigg', 'Euronext', 'County Durham', 'falling values', 'Stockton', 'Drigg', 'Euronext']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
13621,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#immo Bourse : Holcim quitte Euronext Paris - Surf Finance https://t.co/Y5cfdvGoma,nan,#immo Bourse : Holcim quitte Euronext Paris - Surf Finance https://t.co/Y5cfdvGoma,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Paris', 'Surf Finance', 'Holcim', 'Euronext Paris', 'Surf Finance', 'Holcim']",2022-11-22,2022-11-22,Unknown
