UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
56221,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bulletin-from-duni-abs-annual-general-meeting-302775037.html,Bulletin from Duni AB's Annual General Meeting,"MALMÖ  Sweden  May 18  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Duni AB was held on Monday May 18  2026 in Malmö  Sweden On 18 May 2026  Duni AB's Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") in Malmö approved the proposed dividend to shareholders of SEK 5.00 per…","MALMÖ  Sweden  May 18  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Duni AB was held on Monday May 18  2026 in Malmö  SwedenOn 18 May 2026  Duni AB's Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") in Malmö approved the proposed dividend to shareholders of SEK 5.00 per share  distributed to the shareholders in two equal payments of SEK 2.50 per share. Record date for the first instalment was determined as 20 May 2026  and record date for second instalment was determined as 17 November 2026. The first instalment is expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on 25 May 2026  and the second instalment on 20 November 2026.The AGM resolved to approve the respective submitted accounting documents and remuneration report.The AGM discharged the members of the Board and the President from liability for the preceding financial year.The AGM decided the number of Board members at seven. Viktoria Bergman  Morten Falkenberg  Thomas Gustafsson  Magnus Holmberg  Sven Knutsson  Pia Marions and Janne Moltke-Leth were re-elected as members of the Board. The AGM re-elected Thomas Gustafsson as Chairman of the Board.The AGM decided on the compensation to the Board totaling SEK 2 835 000  excluding fees for committee work. The compensation  in the form of cash fees  was set at SEK 675 000 for the Chairman of the Board and SEK 360 000 each to the other six members of the Board elected by the AGM. The AGM also approved the allocation of fees related to committee work as follows: the Chairman of the Audit & Sustainability Committee SEK 149 000 and other members  SEK 73 000 each; the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee  SEK 76 000  and other members  SEK 35 000 each.The AGM approved the proposal regarding the Nomination Committee.The accounting firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB was re-elected for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Johan Rönnbäck will be auditor in charge.At the statutory meeting of the Board held in conjunction with the AGM  Sven Knutsson (Chairman)  Morten Falkenberg  Thomas Gustafsson and Janne Moltke-Leth were elected to the Remuneration Committee. Pia Marions (Chairman)  Viktoria Bergman  Thomas Gustafsson and Sven Knutsson were elected to the Audit & Sustainability Committee.DUNI AB (publ)Board of directorsCONTACT:For additional information  please contact:Magnus Carlsson  EVP Finance/CFO  +46 40-10 62 00  [email protected]Petra Lamorell  Interim Head of Communications  +46 76-874 03 87  [email protected]Duni AB (publ)Box 237201 22 Malmö  SwedenTelephone: +46 40 10 62 00www.dunigroup.seRegistration no. 556536-7488This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/duni-group/r/bulletin-from-duni-ab-s-annual-general-meeting c4349852The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Duni AB', 'Bulletin', 'Johan Rönnbäck', 'respective submitted accounting documents', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'two equal payments', 'preceding financial year', 'Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB', 'other six members', 'Sustainability Committee SEK', 'statutory meeting', 'accounting firm', 'other members', 'committee work', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Nomination Committee', 'Record date', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'remuneration report', 'Viktoria Bergman', 'Morten Falkenberg', 'Thomas Gustafsson', 'Magnus Holmberg', 'Sven Knutsson', 'Pia Marions', 'Janne Moltke-Leth', 'Magnus Carlsson', 'EVP Finance/CFO', 'Petra Lamorell', 'Interim Head', 'following files', 'The AGM', 'Duni AB', 'additional information', 'cash fees', 'Monday May', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'Board members', 'news.cision', '18 May', '20 May', '25 May', 'MALMÖ', 'PRNewswire', 'dividend', 'shareholders', '17 November', '20 November', 'President', 'liability', 'number', 'Chairman', 'compensation', 'allocation', 'Audit', 'proposal', 'period', 'charge', 'conjunction', 'directors', 'CONTACT', 'Communications', 'Box', 'Telephone', 'dunigroup', 'Registration', 'bulletin', 'general-meeting', 'download']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,prnewswire.com
56222,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296387/0/en/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING.html,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  Notice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group SE of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 9 June 2026 ...,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group SE of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 9 June 2026  starting at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) at Tapahtumatalo Bank meeting room Pörssi 1 & Pörssi 2  Unioninkatu 22  00130 Helsinki  Finland.Registration begins at 9:30 a.m.The shareholders may also exercise their right to vote at the General Meeting by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this General Meeting notice in section C. “Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting”.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Approval of the Agenda4. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes5. Recording the legality of the meeting6. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes7. Presentation of the annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2025Review by the CEO8. Adoption of the Group annual accounts  income statement and balance sheet9. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of dividend and assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equityIn accordance with the Company’s dividend policy  the target dividend payout ratio in respect to each financial year shall be minimum 10% (ten percent) of the Afarak Group's EBITDA per full year.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year ended on 31 December 2025  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the Annual General Meeting. Instead  the Board proposes to be authorized to resolve in its discretion on the distribution of an aggregate maximum of EUR 0.01 per share as dividend from the retained earnings and/or as assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual General Meeting in 2027. The Board would make separate resolutions on the amount and timing of distribution of the dividend and/or assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity. The Company shall make a separate announcement of such Board resolution.10. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability11. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2025 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The remuneration report has been published on 27 March 2026 and it is also available on the Company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the AuditorIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-executive Board Members shall be paid EUR 5 000 per month. The Chairperson of the board shall be paid an additional EUR 1 500 per month. Non-Executive Board Members who serve on the Board's Committees shall be paid additional EUR 1 500 per month for committee work. Those members of the Board of Directors that are executives of the Company are not entitled to receive any remuneration for Board membership. Board Members shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work in accordance with the company's travel rules.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company will pay the auditor's fee against an invoice that is inspected by the Company.13. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be three (3).14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic  Thorstein Abrahamsen and Julien Duniague will be re-elected as Board members for the mandate that begins from the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2027.The consent of all the candidates for the Board of Directors has been obtained.15. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting according to the recommendation by the company's Audit Committee that Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy would be re-elected as the auditor of the company. Tietotili Audit Oy has proposed that the auditor with the main responsibility would be APA Urpo Salo.16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon share issue and uponissuing other special rights that entitle to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares and issue stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued in one or more tranches up to a maximum of 250 000 000 new shares or shares owned by the company. This equates approximately 90.24 % of the company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the share issues and on the issuing of stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.The Board of Directors may use the authorization among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes. The Board of Directors proposes that  by virtue of the authorization  the Board of Directors can decide both on share issue against payment and on share issue without payment. The payment of the subscription price could also be made with other consideration than money. The authorization would contain right to decide on derogating from shareholders' pre-emptive right to share subscription provided that the conditions set in the Companies' Act are fulfilled.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization replaces all previous authorizations and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.17. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAfarak Group SE has published the Report by the Board of Directors  the Financial Statements 2025  the Auditor's Report  the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report in English and in Finnish. The documents as well as this Notice can be found from the company website from address: https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/. Copies of the above-mentioned documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.Afarak Group did not prepare a Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) compliant Sustainability Report for the financial year 2025  as the EU Omnibus Directive raised the size thresholds for mandatory sustainability reporting and the company no longer met the criteria for CSRD reporting. Nevertheless  the Group has continued its commitment to sustainability by conducting a Group-wide life cycle assessment (LCA) with Sphera and reporting in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations  prepared by CEN.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest from 23 June 2026.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1 Right to attendA shareholder who no later than on 28 May 2026 is registered as the Company's shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company's shareholders’ register.2 Notice to attendRegistration for the Annual General Meeting begins on 19 May 2026  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting shall give notice to attend the meeting to the Company no later than by 4:00 p.m. Helsinki time on 30 May 2026:through Euroclear Finland Oy’s website at the address: https://egm.apk.fi/eGM/gm/48377736005_en/; orby e-mail to ilmo@afarak.comThe notice shall be at the Company before the deadline of the notice to attend.In addition to his/her name  a shareholder shall inform the Company of his/her personal identification number or business ID  address  phone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data of shareholders shall be used only for purposes related to the general meeting and necessary registration related thereto.Shareholders attending the Annual General Meeting have a right to request information concerning matters which are dealt with by the meeting as stated in the Finnish Companies Act  chapter 5  section 25.3 Using representative and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group SE  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.com before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents must be received.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal person shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal person in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In the General Meeting service of Euroclear Finland Oy  the authorized representative shall in connection with registration use strong electronic authentication and thereafter the electronic authorization is verified automatically. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.4 Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he/she on the record date of the general meeting  i.e. 28 May 2026 would be entitled  to be registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary Shareholders’ Register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest on 4 June 2026 at 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above. In addition  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.5 Advance votingShareholders that have a Finnish book-entry account (including equity savings account) may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period 19 May 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) – 30 May 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). In addition  account managers of custodians may vote in advance on behalf of holders of nominee-registered shareholders they represent in accordance with their voting instructions provided by them within the registration period set for nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders that have voted in advance and that wish to exercise their other rights under the Finnish Companies Act  such as the right to ask questions  the right to propose resolutions  the right to demand a vote at the General Meeting or to vote on any other proposals to be made at the meeting  must attend the General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.Advance voting is possible by the following means:a) through the Company’s website at the address:https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/For natural persons  the electronic voting in advance requires strong electronic authentication and the shareholder may register and vote in advance by logging in with personal Finnish online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information.b) by email:A shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to the address yhtiokokous@euroclear.com.The advance voting form is available on the Company’s website at the latest from 19 May 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) onwards. Representatives of a shareholder must in connection with delivering the voting form produce a dated proxy authorization document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by sending votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy  the delivery of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall constitute due registration for the General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration and advance voting is also delivered.Instructions relating to the electronic advance voting may also be found on the Company’s website at the address https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest from 19 May 2026 onwards.6 Other instructions and informationAfarak Group SE has at the date of notice  18 May 2026  in total 277 041 814 shares in issue and of which 277 041 814 have voting rights. The company holds in total 15 641 514 shares in treasury.IN HELSINKI  ON 18 MAY 2026.AFARAK GROUP SEBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor additional information  please contact:,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy', 'Tapahtumatalo Bank meeting room', 'target dividend payout ratio', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Dr Jelena Manojlovic', 'APA Urpo Salo', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'other special rights', 'Group annual accounts', 'Afarak Group SE', 'General Meeting notice', 'Audit Committee', 'Non-executive Board Members', 'Finnish time', 'other costs', 'Pörssi', 'section C.', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'unrestricted equity', 'ten percent', 'aggregate maximum', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcement', 'governing bodies', 'committee work', 'accommodation expenses', 'Thorstein Abrahamsen', 'Julien Duniague', 'main responsibility', 'financial year', 'full year', 'Remuneration Committee', 'dividend policy', 'advance voting', 'travel rules', 'share issue', 'ordinary shares', 'A. MATTERS', 'or assets', 'Board membership', 'remuneration report', 'The Nomination', 'The Board', 'Board resolution', '10:00 a', '9:30 a', 'shareholders', '9 June', 'Unioninkatu', '00130 Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Registration', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Approval', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'distribution', 'reserve', 'accordance', 'Company', 'respect', 'EBITDA', '31 December', 'discretion', 'EUR', 'earnings', 'amount', 'timing', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', '27 March', 'website', 'investors/shareholder-meetings', 'month', 'Chairperson', 'Committees', 'executives', 'fee', 'invoice', 'number', 'mandate', 'consent', 'candidates', 'recommendation', '11.']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56223,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296757/0/en/Notice-convening-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Suominen-Corporation.html,Notice convening the Extraordinary General Meeting of Suominen Corporation,The shareholders of Suominen Corporation are invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Monday  8 June 2026  at 9:00 a.m. (EEST). ...,Suominen Corporation’s stock exchange release on May 18  2026  at 5:00 p.m. (EEST)The shareholders of Suominen Corporation are invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Monday  8 June 2026  at 9:00 a.m. (EEST). The General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue using remote connection in real time  in accordance with Section 10 of the Articles of Association of the Company and Chapter 5  Section 16 Subsection 3 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Instructions for participation are provided in section C of this notice.The shareholders can also exercise their right to vote by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are shown in this notice to the General Meeting under Section C. “Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting”.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingThe General Meeting will discuss the following matters:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Authorising the board of directors to decide on a rights issueIn a stock exchange release published on the date of this notice  the company announced that it is planning a share issue  based on the pre-emptive right of the shareholders  to raise gross proceeds of up to approximately EUR 28 million (Rights Issue). The Rights Issue has been described in more detail in said stock exchange release.The objective of the Rights Issue is to secure funding for the execution of profitability-enhancing improvements as a part of the company’s strategic Full Potential Program and to strengthen the company’s capital structure. The plan is to launch the Rights Issue during the second quarter of 2026  subject to  among other things  receiving necessary authorisations in the Extraordinary General Meeting and market conditions.The company’s main shareholders  including Ahlstrom Capital B.V.  separately  and Etola Group Oy and Oy Etra Invest Ab  acting jointly  together representing a total of approximately 49.02 per cent of the company’s shares  have each issued an undertaking to vote in favour of the proposal to authorise the board of directors to resolve on the Rights Issue and to subscribe for their pro rata share of new shares issued in the Rights Issue (Subscription Undertakings). In addition  Ahlstrom Capital B.V. separately  and Etola Group Oy and Oy Etra Invest Ab acting jointly  have provided subscription guarantee commitments collectively covering the remainder of the Rights Issue (Underwriting). No compensation will be paid to the shareholders for providing their commitments. The Subscription Undertakings and the Underwriting are subject to  among other things  the Financial Supervisory Authority granting permanent exemptions from the obligation to launch a mandatory tender offer for the remaining securities entitling to the company’s shares in the event that the relevant shareholdings would consequently exceed 30 per cent of all votes carried by the company’s shares as a result of the Rights Issue.Based on the foregoing  the board of directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting authorises the board of directors to resolve on the Rights Issue  in which a maximum of 500 000 000 new shares in the company are issued.In the Rights Issue  the company’s shareholders shall have a pre-emptive right to the shares to be issued in the same proportion as they already hold shares in the company. If shares remain unsubscribed on this basis  the board of directors shall be entitled to decide on offering the unsubscribed shares for subscription to the company’s shareholders or other persons in such proportions as it deems fit.In the event that shares are issued on the basis of a secondary subscription right  such shares may first be issued to the company itself without consideration and subsequently transferred to the subscribers  in order to enable delivery of the shares to the subscribers against payment. The issuance of shares to the company for this purpose shall not reduce the remaining maximum number of shares issuable under the authorisation. The issuance of shares to the company requires that the number of own shares held by the company does not exceed 10 per cent of the company’s total shares.The board of directors is authorised to resolve on all other terms and conditions of the Rights Issue  including the subscription and payment period and the grounds for determining the subscription price  as well as to attend to the practical measures relating to the Rights Issue.It is proposed that the authorisation is valid until 30 September 2026. The authorisation does not revoke any other authorisations granted to the board of directors to resolve on share issues and granting of special rights entitling to shares.As described above  the company’s main shareholders  Ahlstrom Capital B.V. separately  and Etola Group Oy and Oy Etra Invest Ab acting jointly  have committed to Subscription Undertakings and Underwriting in respect of the Rights Issue (Arrangement)  subject to  among other things  the Financial Supervisory Authority granting permanent exemptions from the obligation to launch a mandatory tender offer. A precondition for the exemption to take effect is expected to be that  at the General Meeting  shareholders independent of the Arrangement approve the rights issue by a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast.7. Amendments to the board of directors’ authorisationsThe Annual General Meeting held on 15 April 2026 resolved to authorise the board of directors to decide  on the one hand  on the repurchase of the company’s own shares and  on the other hand  on a share issue as well as on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.Under the authorisation to repurchase own shares (Repurchase Authorisation)  the board of directors is entitled to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 1 000 000 of the company’s own shares  which corresponds to approximately 1.7 per cent of the total number of shares in the company on the date of this notice.Under the authorisation for a share issue and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares (Share Issue Authorisation)  the board of directors is entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 8 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 13.7 per cent of the total number of shares in the company on the date of this notice.The board of directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to amend the authorisations resolved at the Annual General Meeting so that the maximum number of shares issuable under each authorisation is increased in such a manner that the maximum number of shares covered by each authorisation as a percentage of all shares in the company remains unchanged (rounded down to the nearest full thousand shares) following the implementation of the Rights Issue proposed in item 6 above. If the Rights Issue will be carried out in accordance with the proposed maximum amount  the maximum amount of the Repurchase Authorisation would be 9 582 000 shares and the Share Issue Authorisation would be 76 658 000 shares.In all other respects  the authorisations would remain unchanged.For clarity  amending the Share Issue Authorisation does not revoke the authorisation regarding the Rights Issue proposed in item 6 above.8. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingAll proposals relating to the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting are available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/egm. Also  the other documents referred to in Chapter 5  Section 21 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act are available on said website. The proposals and other documents mentioned above are also available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above website on 22 June 2026  at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register of Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting 27 May 2026 are entitled to participate in the General Meeting. Any shareholder whose company shares are recorded in their personal Finnish book-entry account or share savings account is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The registration period for the General Meeting commences on 19 May 2026 at 9:00 a.m. (EEST). A shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register and wishes to participate in the General Meeting must register for the meeting no later than 1 June 2026  by 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received. A shareholder can register for the General Meeting:a) Via the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/egm.Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish  or Danish bank ID  or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail.Shareholders registering by e-mail shall submit the registration form and possible advance voting form available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/egm or equivalent information to egm@innovatics.fi.c) By mail.Shareholders registering by mail shall submit the registration form and advance voting form available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/egm or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.The shareholder and their representative are required to provide necessary information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  phone number and/or e-mail  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy representative’s date of birth  phone number and/or e-mail. The personal data provided to Suominen Corporation and Innovatics Oy is only used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EEST).2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the General Meeting based on the shares which would entitle them entry into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting 27 May 2026. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 3 June 2026  by 10:00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of the shareholder's voting rights.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from their custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration and attendance at the General Meeting  and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares. Further information is also available on the company's website at www.suominen.fi/egm.A nominee-registered shareholder who has registered for the General Meeting may also  if they wish  participate in the meeting in real time via telecommunications connection and technical means. Real-time participation in the meeting requires  in addition to temporary registration in the company's shareholders' register  the submission of the shareholder's email address and telephone number and  if necessary  a power of attorney and other documents required to prove the right of representation by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to egm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders in accordance with more detailed instructions received by the shareholder from their custodian  so that the shareholder can be sent a participation link and password for attending the meeting. If the holder of nominee-registered shares has authorised their custodian to vote in advance on their behalf  the votes thus submitted will be taken into account as advance votes of the holder of nominee-registered shares at the General Meeting  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the General Meeting.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting through a proxy representative. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if they so wish. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service and possible advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder who they represent. The shareholder’s proxy representative must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that they are entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.Proving the right to represent can be done by using the suomi.fi e-authorizations service available in the electronic registration service. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the General Meeting in the general meeting service on the company’s website  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information on the electronic authorisations  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Model proxy documents are available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/egm. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to egm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Participation instructionsShareholders entitled to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting will attend and exercise their rights in full and in real time via a remote connection during the meeting.The remote connection to the Extraordinary General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Plc’s virtual meeting service on the Videosync platform  which provides video and audio access to the meeting. Using the remote connection does not require any paid software or downloads. Participation requires  in addition to an internet connection  a computer  smartphone or tablet equipped with speakers or headphones for audio and a microphone for asking questions or making statements orally. It is recommended to use one of the following browsers: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera. Logging into the meeting system well before the scheduled start time is advisable.A participation link and password for remote attendance will be sent by e-mail and/or text message to the e-mail address and/or mobile phone number provided at registration to all registered participants no later than the day before the Extraordinary General Meeting. Therefore  shareholders who have voted in advance may also  if they wish  participate remotely via a data connection. Votes cast in advance will be taken into account in the decision-making of the Extraordinary General Meeting regardless of whether the shareholder participates remotely or not. If they do participate remotely  they will have the opportunity to change their advance votes during the meeting if a vote takes place.Detailed information about the meeting service  additional instructions for a proxy representing multiple shareholders  the service provider’s contact details  and guidance for potential technical issues can be found at https://vagm.fi/support. A link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet and internet connection is available at https://b2b.inderes.com/knowledge-base/compatibility-testing. It is recommended to review the detailed participation instructions before the start of the Extraordinary General Meeting.5. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 19 May 2026  9:00 a.m. (EEST) and 1 June 2026  4:00 p.m. (EEST) on certain items on the agenda of the General Meetinga) via the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/egm. Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice;b) by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy by e-mail at egm@innovatics.fi; orc) by mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy at Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends  i.e. by 1 June 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST). The submission of votes by mail or e-mail before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that the submission contains the above information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Companies Act unless they themselves or through a proxy participate in the General Meeting via remote connection.With respect to nominee-registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom they represent in accordance with the voting instructions given by the holders of the nominee-registered shares during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the General Meeting without any changes.6. Other instructions/informationThe language of the meeting is primarily Finnish  but some speeches may be given in English. At the meeting  there will be simultaneous interpretation into English and  for speeches given in English  into Finnish.A shareholder present at the General Meeting has a right to ask questions at the General Meeting about matters on the agenda of the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  i.e. on 18 May 2026  Suominen Corporation has a total of 58 259 219 shares and votes. The company holds a total of 418 263 of its own shares which are not entitled to vote at the General Meeting.In Helsinki  18 May 2026SUOMINEN CORPORATIONThe Board of DirectorsSuominen manufactures nonwovens as roll goods for wipes and other applications. Our vision is to be the frontrunner for nonwovens innovation and sustainability. The end products made of Suominen’s nonwovens are present in people’s daily life worldwide. Suominen’s net sales in 2025 were EUR 412 4 million and we have almost 700 professionals working in Europe and in the Americas. Suominen’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more at www.suominen.fi.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.suominen.fi,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Suominen Corporation', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'strategic Full Potential Program', 'Ahlstrom Capital B.V.', 'Oy Etra Invest Ab', 'Etola Group Oy', 'stock exchange release', 'Financial Supervisory Authority', 'mandatory tender offer', 'pro rata share', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'The Subscription Undertakings', 'The Rights Issue', 'subscription guarantee commitments', 'secondary subscription right', 'remaining maximum number', 'capital structure', 'remaining securities', 'share issue', 'subscription price', 'meeting venue', 'special rights', 'Suominen Corporation', 'remote connection', 'real time', 'following matters', 'pre-emptive right', 'gross proceeds', 'profitability-enhancing improvements', 'second quarter', 'other things', 'necessary authorisations', '49.02 per cent', 'permanent exemptions', 'relevant shareholdings', '30 per cent', 'same proportion', 'other persons', '10 per cent', 'other terms', 'practical measures', 'other authorisations', 'section C', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'market conditions', 'payment period', 'main shareholders', 'new shares', 'total shares', '9:00 a', 'May', 'EEST', 'Monday', 'June', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Company', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'notice', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'board', 'directors', 'date', 'detail', 'objective', 'funding', 'execution', 'plan', 'favour', 'proposal', 'addition', 'remainder', 'Underwriting', 'compensation', 'obligation', 'event', 'result', 'basis', 'unsubscribed', 'proportions', 'consideration', 'subscribers', 'order', 'delivery', 'issuance', 'purpose', 'grounds', '30 September', '5:00']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56224,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2026/05/18/markets-start-the-week-on-a-positive-note/,European markets start week on positive note,Traders shake off worries about prolonged spike in oil prices for now,But US stock indexes extended losses on Monday  with the Nasdaq leading declines as semiconductor shares came under ‌pressure. Photograph: Timothy A Clary/GettyEuropean shares ended Monday’s volatile session higher  bouncing back from declines in the previous week  ‌as investors weighed developments in the Middle East amid rising concern over oil-price-driven inflation and its impact on global economic growth.Oil prices moved higher  with Brent crude up 1.4 per cent. Prices had briefly turned lower earlier in a volatile session ​after a report said the US had proposed a temporary waiver on Iranian oil sanctions.DUBLINThe Irish index of shares started the week in positive territory  gaining almost 1.7 per cent over the day.Ryanair surged 4.9 per cent after the airline said the risk of a jet fuel shortage forcing it to axe services was “almost zero” as Europe secured extra jet fuel deliveries from the Americas  west Africa and Norway.Banking shares climbed over the session  with AIB up almost 1 per cent and Bank of Ireland gaining 0.9 per cent.Food companies also added value by the close of the session. Glanbia and Kerry Group were both higher  with the latter gaining 0.7 per cent and the former adding 1.7 per cent.Insulation specialist Kingspan ended the day 0.7 per cent higher  but home builders Glenveagh and Cairn Homes both declined more than than 1 per cent.LONDONThe FTSE 100 ended 1.3 per cent higher at 10 323.8 ​points  while the FTSE 250 ended 0.07 per cent lower after falling as much 0.7 per cent earlier in the day.British prime minister Keir Starmer has dug his heels in despite intense pressure following a set ‌of ‌poor ​local election results earlier this month.With shipping through the Strait of Hormuz still disrupted  inflation worries have gripped markets  particularly as oil prices stay elevated.Home builder stocks dropped 0.5 per cent. Asking prices for British homes in May rose by ‌more than usual for the time of year  property website Rightmove said.Bank stocks climbed 1 per cent as ​the finance ministry laid out planned changes to ring-fencing rules  ​which it said would create a “more agile and proportionate regime”.EUROPEThe pan-European Stoxx 600 finished up 0.5 per cent at 610.17 points  recovering from a nearly 0.9 per cent drop earlier in the session. The index logged ​its first weekly decline since mid-April on Friday.The media index led sectoral gains with ​a 2.5 per cent rise. Publicis added ​6 per cent after the advertising ⁠group agreed to acquire US data collaboration company LiveRamp in an all-cash deal of about $2.2 billion.Germany’s DAX index led gains among regional bourses  with Deutsche Boerse up 4.6 per cent after ​the stock exchange operator said it welcomed investor TCI taking a stake  a move ​that marks the ⁠hedge fund’s return as a large investor in the company.Commerzbank ended 1.5 per cent lower after the lender formally rejected an offer by Italy’s UniCredit.NEW YORKUS stock indexes extended losses on Monday  with the Nasdaq leading declines as semiconductor shares came under ‌pressure.At 12.04pm ET  the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.09 per cent  to 49 479.90  the S&P 500 lost 0.42 per cent  to 7 377.08 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.84 per cent to 26 003.96.In other movers on the day  Dominion Energy jumped 9.2 per cent after power firm NextEra Energy said it would buy the smaller utility in an ‌all-stock deal valued at about $66.8 billion. NextEra’s shares fell 5.8 per cent.Shares of Regeneron tumbled 10.2 per cent as the drugmaker’s experimental treatment missed the main goal in a late-stage trial in patients with advanced ​melanoma  a type of skin cancer. – Additional reporting by Reuters,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,negative,0.03,0.2,0.77,True,English,"['European markets', 'positive note', 'week', '\u200cpoor \u200blocal election results', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'extra jet fuel deliveries', 'US data collaboration company', 'jet fuel shortage', 'Timothy A Clary', 'global economic growth', 'Insulation specialist Kingspan', 'first weekly decline', 'stock exchange operator', 'US stock indexes', 'British prime minister', 'Iranian oil sanctions', 'Nasdaq leading declines', 'Home builder stocks', '2.5 per cent rise', 'The Irish index', 'stock deal', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'home builders', 'British homes', '0.7 per cent', '1.7 per cent', '0.9 per cent', '\u200b6 per cent', 'Middle East', 'rising concern', 'oil-price-driven inflation', 'Brent crude', 'temporary waiver', 'positive territory', 'west Africa', 'Food companies', 'Kerry Group', 'Cairn Homes', 'Keir Starmer', 'inflation worries', 'property website', 'Bank stocks', 'finance ministry', 'fencing rules', 'proportionate regime', 'pan-European Stoxx 600', 'media index', 'advertising \u2060group', 'cash deal', 'DAX index', 'regional bourses', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'hedge fund', 'NEW YORK', 'S&P 500', 'other movers', 'Dominion Energy', 'power firm', 'smaller utility', 'experimental treatment', 'main goal', 'late-stage trial', 'advanced \u200bmelanoma', 'skin cancer', 'Additional reporting', 'Oil prices', 'semiconductor shares', 'European shares', 'Banking shares', 'previous week', 'The FTSE', 'sectoral gains', 'large investor', 'NextEra Energy', 'volatile session', 'intense pressure', '\u200cpressure', 'losses', 'Monday', 'Photograph', 'Getty', 'investors', 'developments', 'impact', 'DUBLIN', 'Ryanair', 'airline', 'risk', 'services', 'Americas', 'Norway', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'value', 'close', 'Glanbia', 'latter', 'former', 'Glenveagh', 'LONDON', '10,323.8 \u200bpoints', 'heels', 'set', 'shipping', 'Strait', 'Hormuz', 'markets', 'May', 'time', 'year', 'Rightmove', 'planned', 'changes', 'agile', '610.17 points', 'mid-April', 'Friday', 'Publicis', 'LiveRamp', 'Germany', 'TCI', 'stake', 'return', 'Commerzbank', 'lender', 'offer', 'Italy', 'UniCredit', '12.04pm', 'Regeneron', 'drugmaker', 'patients', 'type', 'Reuters']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,irishtimes.com
56225,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://bitcoinfoundation.org/news/crypto-companies-news/adam-back-backed-capital-b-buys-192-btc/,Adam Back-backed Capital B Buys 192 BTC,Capital B  Europe’s first listed Bitcoin treasury company  bought 192 more Bitcoin after completing new funding. Capital B  the Euronext Growth Paris-listed company formerly known...The post Adam Back-backed Capital B Buys 192 BTC appeared first on Bitcoin F…,Capital B  Europe’s first listed Bitcoin treasury company  bought 192 more Bitcoin after completing new funding.Capital B  the Euronext Growth Paris-listed company formerly known as The Blockchain Group  bought another 192 BTC for about $15.1 million after completing several capital raises.The company  which calls itself Europe‘s first Bitcoin treasury company  said in a Monday press release that its total holdings rose to 3 135 BTC. The latest Bitcoin purchase was made at an average price of about $79 000 per BTC.According to Capital B  the entire Bitcoin stack was valued at around $330 million based on a price per BTC of around $105 300. However  the company’s document also showed a Bitcoin net asset value of about $248.4 million  meaning the market value of the stack was below its cost basis at the reporting date.Chart showing Capital B share price. Source: Google FinanceYet  Capital B shares didn’t get any boost from the latest purchase. Data from Google Finance shows the stock at €0.60  down over 5% on the day.Read also: BitMEX Co-Founder Cuts Bitcoin Price Forecast From $500K to $125KAdam Back and TOBAM FundingThe purchase followed the final completion of three funding steps. Earlier in May  Capital B raised about $994 000 through an at-the-market style share sale with TOBAM.It also raised about $1.3 million through warrants subscribed by Bitcoin developer Adam Back. Additionally  the company brought in about $17.7 million through a private placement backed by institutional investors  including Back and TOBAM.The deal also leaves more potential funding on the table. If all warrants tied to the private placement are exercised  they could bring in another $115.3 million  according to the company.Capital B also said its year-to-date BTC Yield reached 1.82%  with a BTC Gain of 51.3 BTC and a BTC € Gain of about $4.1 million. On its website  Capital B shows a nearer-term target of 15 000 BTC by the end of 2027  while its longer-term ambition is to accumulate 1% of Bitcoin’s total supply by 2033.Read more: What Does Strategy Do? How Michael Saylor Built a Bitcoin Corporate Empire,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Capital B', 'Adam', '192 BTC', 'market style share sale', 'Euronext Growth Paris-listed company', 'Bitcoin net asset value', 'listed Bitcoin treasury company', 'Capital B share price', 'The Blockchain Group', 'Monday press release', 'Bitcoin Corporate Empire', 'several capital raises', 'three funding steps', 'Bitcoin Price Forecast', 'Capital B shares', 'entire Bitcoin stack', 'latest Bitcoin purchase', 'market value', 'Bitcoin developer', 'average price', 'latest purchase', 'new funding', 'potential funding', 'total holdings', 'cost basis', 'Google Finance', 'final completion', 'private placement', 'institutional investors', 'nearer-term target', 'longer-term ambition', 'total supply', 'Michael Saylor', 'Adam Back', 'TOBAM Funding', 'reporting date', 'BTC Yield', 'BTC Gain', 'BTC € Gain', '192 BTC', '3,135 BTC', '51.3 BTC', '15,000 BTC', 'Europe', 'document', 'Chart', 'Source', 'boost', 'Data', 'stock', 'Founder', 'May', 'warrants', 'deal', 'table', 'website', 'end', 'Strategy']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,bitcoinfoundation.org
56226,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-accelerates-virtualization-of-network-services-in-belgium-by-integrating-proximus-wholesale-solutions-302774934.html,Ekinops accelerates virtualization of network services in Belgium by integrating Proximus Wholesale solutions,PARIS  May 18  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading provider of optical networks  connectivity and SASE cybersecurity solutions for telecommunications operators and enterprises  announces the launch in Belgium of a new…,"PARIS  May 18  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading provider of optical networks  connectivity and SASE cybersecurity solutions for telecommunications operators and enterprises  announces the launch in Belgium of a new generation of network solutions  Network-as-a-Service (NaaS). This initiative notably relies on the high‑bandwidth  proven infrastructure of Proximus Wholesale (wholesale telecom services market)  enabling local operators to deliver digital services that are more agile  faster to deploy and fully software‑driven.Ekinops accelerates virtualization of network services in Belgium by integrating Proximus Wholesale solutionsAt the heart of this collaboration is ONE (Open Network Ecosystem)  the new strategic product portfolio from Proximus Wholesale. ONE combines Proximus' reliable  high‑performance national connectivity with Ekinops' advanced software technologies  including universal customer premises equipment (uCPE)  the virtualization solution layer OneOS6‑LIM  and the OneManage management and monitoring system dedicated to automated service orchestration and lifecycle management.This ecosystem allows partners to activate services remotely through a secure marketplace of virtual network functions (VNFs)  covering routing  security  SD‑WAN and voice solutions. By replacing dedicated hardware appliances with virtualized solutions hosted on a single uCPE  wholesale partners gain agility  reduce delivery lead times and simplify the entire service lifecycle.""Ekinops' innovative solutions support Proximus' ambition to help enterprises in their digital transformation "" explains Frank Dedobbeleer  Chief Revenue Officer  EMEA & APAC at Ekinops. ""Thanks to the simplification of the service chain and powerful orchestration via OneManage  Proximus Wholesale partners gain flexible access to a broad application ecosystem without compromising performance.""The software‑driven ONE approach enables on‑demand bandwidth  automated provisioning and remote updates  with no need for on‑site physical intervention. This approach reduces installation times  improves reliability and accelerates the deployment of new services.""By introducing a single uCPE deployable at the network edge as the foundation of the ONE portfolio  we enable our partners to operate in a much simpler and more efficient way  ""explains Alex Lorette  Director of the Carrier & Wholesale Division at Proximus. ""Fewer on‑site devices  fewer technical interventions and faster service activation all contribute to a smoother  more scalable operating model for Belgian service providers  telecom operators and their customers. This unified approach represents a major step toward flexible  software‑based networks at the edge.""For more information about the ONE solution: https://www.proximus.be/wholesaleDiscover Ekinops' full software‑defined portfolio: https://www.ekinops.com/solutions/software-definedEkinops contactLionel Chmilewsky  CEO[email protected]Investors contactMathieu Omnes  Investor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]Media contactAmaury Dugast  Press relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74[email protected]For more information  visit https://www.ekinops.com/Proximus contactVisit www.proximus.com and www.proximus.bePhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2982219/ekinops_Proximus_Wholesale_solutions.jpgLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2940596/5975284/Ekinops_Logo.jpgSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Proximus Wholesale solutions', 'network services', 'Ekinops', 'virtualization', 'Belgium', 'smoother, more scalable operating model', 'reliable, high‑performance national connectivity', 'universal customer premises equipment', 'full software‑defined portfolio', 'new strategic product portfolio', 'flexible, software‑based networks', 'software‑driven ONE approach', 'wholesale telecom services market', 'advanced software technologies', 'dedicated hardware appliances', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'SASE cybersecurity solutions', 'faster service activation', 'Belgian service providers', 'virtual network functions', 'broad application ecosystem', 'entire service lifecycle', 'fewer technical interventions', 'Open Network Ecosystem', 'virtualization solution layer', 'automated service orchestration', 'Proximus Wholesale solutions', ""Ekinops' innovative solutions"", 'Proximus Wholesale partners', 'ONE portfolio', 'optical networks', 'flexible access', 'telecom operators', 'network solutions', 'new services', 'new generation', 'network services', 'Wholesale Division', 'lifecycle management', 'voice solutions', 'virtualized solutions', 'service chain', 'powerful orchestration', 'ONE solution', 'unified approach', 'digital services', 'leading provider', 'telecommunications operators', 'local operators', 'OneOS6‑LIM', 'monitoring system', 'secure marketplace', 'SD‑WAN', 'lead times', 'digital transformation', 'Frank Dedobbeleer', 'demand bandwidth', 'remote updates', 'physical intervention', 'installation times', 'efficient way', 'Alex Lorette', 'major step', 'Lionel Chmilewsky', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Media contact', 'Amaury Dugast', 'Press relation', 'network edge', ""Proximus' ambition"", 'Proximus contact', 'single uCPE', 'Euronext Paris', 'OneManage management', 'site devices', 'Ekinops contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'PRNewswire', 'enterprises', 'launch', 'Belgium', 'NaaS', 'initiative', 'infrastructure', 'heart', 'collaboration', 'VNFs', 'routing', 'agility', 'delivery', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'simplification', 'provisioning', 'need', 'reliability', 'deployment', 'foundation', 'simpler', 'Director', 'Carrier', 'customers', 'information', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'Photo', 'ekinops_Proximus_Wholesale_solutions', 'Logo', '33', '1']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,prnewswire.com
56227,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-500-million-share-buyback-program-302774704.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €500 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  May 18  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from May 11  2026 up to and including May 15  2026 a total of 1 082 998 of its own shares were repu…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  May 18  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from May 11  2026 up to and including May 15  2026 a total of 1 082 998 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €20.00 for a total consideration of €21 659 498. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's €500 million share buyback program as announced on March 30  2026. Up to and including May 15  2026  a total of 3 824 466 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €74 794 794. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€500 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', '€500 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'May', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'March', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,prnewswire.com
56228,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296848/0/en/Carbios-announces-a-change-in-its-governance-and-the-appointment-of-Beno%C3%AEt-Grenot-as-Chief-Executive-Officer.html,Carbios announces a change in its governance and the appointment of Benoît Grenot as Chief Executive Officer,Clermont-Ferrand (France)  May 18  2026 (5:45 p.m. CEST). Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB) announces an evolution of its governance.  At the age of...,Clermont-Ferrand (France)  May 18  2026 (5:45 p.m. CEST). Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB) announces an evolution of its governance.At the age of 64  and having expressed his wish to retire  Vincent Kamel will step down from his position as Chief Executive Officer effective May 31  2026  at midnight. The Board of Directors has appointed Benoît Grenot as Chief Executive Officer of Carbios  effective June 1  2026.Isabelle Parize  Chair of the Board of Directors of Carbios: “On behalf of the Board  I would like to warmly thank Vincent Kamel for his commitment and the work accomplished in a demanding environment. His leadership enabled significant progress  notably the signing of a strategic partnership with Wankai New Materials  major advances in the Longlaville plant construction project  as well as rigorous management of the Company’s operating expenses. The appointment of Benoît Grenot as Chief Executive Officer reflects our desire to ensure continuity and stability in the Company’s governance. His international experience  particularly in China  as well as his leadership  will be key assets in implementing our strategic priorities.”Vincent Kamel  Chief Executive Officer of Carbios: “I am proud of the progress achieved alongside the Board of Directors and the teams  and I thank them for their commitment. I have full confidence in Benoît to lead the next phase of the Company’s development.”Benoît Grenot  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Carbios: “I am honored by the trust placed in me by the Board of Directors to assume these new responsibilities  and I intend to build on the work already underway. I will also ensure that all teams  whose strength I already fully appreciate  are mobilized around the Company’s strategic priorities  with a spirit of commitment and sustainable performance.”Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Benoît Grenot', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Carbios', 'change', 'governance', 'appointment', 'Longlaville plant construction project', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Benoît Grenot', 'Wankai New Materials', 'new responsibilities', 'Vincent Kamel', 'Isabelle Parize', 'demanding environment', 'strategic partnership', 'major advances', 'rigorous management', 'operating expenses', 'international experience', 'key assets', 'strategic priorities', 'full confidence', 'next phase', 'sustainable performance', 'significant progress', 'The Board', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'France', 'May', 'CEST', 'Carbios', 'ALCRB', 'evolution', 'governance', 'wish', 'position', 'midnight', 'Directors', 'Chair', 'behalf', 'commitment', 'work', 'leadership', 'signing', 'Company', 'appointment', 'desire', 'continuity', 'stability', 'China', 'teams', 'development', 'trust', 'strength', 'spirit', 'Attachment', '45']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56229,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296406/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-the-progress-of-transactions-under-its-current-share-buyback-programme.html,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme  Amsterdam  18 May 2026 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA;...,"Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its currentshare buyback programmeAmsterdam  18 May 2026 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) hereby reports transaction details related to the second € 750 million tranche of its € 1.5 billion share buyback programme as communicated on 12 February 2026.From 11 May 2026 up to and including 15 May 2026 a total of 182 354 shares were repurchased on exchange at an average price of € 64.86. During the same period  184 535 shares were repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.Up to and including 15 May 2026  a total of 2 543 263 shares were repurchased under the second tranche of the share buyback programme for a total consideration of € 175 352 770 (including shares repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.).Heineken N.V. publishes on a weekly basis  every Monday  an overview of the progress of the share buyback programme on its website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/share-information/share-buyback-programmeEnquiries Media Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Global Media Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Regulatory informationThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations as set out in Article 5(1)(b) Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programs.Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's pioneering beer company. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['current share buyback programme', 'Heineken N.V.', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Chris Steyn Global Media Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', 'current share buyback programme', '1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Enquiries Media Investors', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'Heineken N.V.', 'long-term brand investment', 'second € 750 million tranche', 'Article 5(1)(b) Regulation', 'Most recent information', 'pioneering beer company', 'buyback programs', 'second tranche', 'Heineken® brand', 'transaction details', 'average price', 'same period', 'weekly basis', 'Senior Analyst', 'Regulatory information', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'technical standards', 'Editorial information', 'leading developer', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'total consideration', 'Better World', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Amsterdam', '18 May', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', '12 February', '11 May', '15 May', '182,354 shares', 'exchange', '184,535 shares', '2,543,263 shares', 'overview', 'website', 'theheinekencompany', 'share-buyback-programme', 'mail', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Attachment']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56230,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296280/0/en/Ipsen-initiates-a-new-share-buy-back-program.html,Ipsen initiates a new share buy-back program,Ipsen initiates a new share buy-back program  PARIS  FRANCE  18 MAY 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that it has appointed an...,Ipsen initiates a new share buy-back programPARIS  FRANCE  18 MAY 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that it has appointed an investment services provider to purchase an aggregate number of up to 350 000 Ipsen S.A. shares  representing approximately 0.42% of the share capital  over a maximum period of six months. The shares purchased under this agreement will be allocated mainly to cover Ipsen’s free employee share-allocation plan and its new employee share-ownership plan.This program is made pursuant to the authorization granted by the Company’s Annual General Meeting  held on 13 May 2026.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. Our pipeline is fueled by internal and external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen ContactsInvestors Henry Wheeler henry.wheeler@ipsen.com +33 7 66 47 11 49 Khalid Deojee khalid.deojee@ipsen.com +33 6 66 01 95 26 Media Sally Bain sally.bain@ipsen.com +1 857 320 0517 Anne Liontas anne.liontas.ext@ipsen.com +33 7 67 34 72 96Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation and risks arising from unexpected regulatory or political changes such as changes in tax regulation and regulations on trade and tariffs  such as protectionist measures  especially in the United States; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['new share buy-back program', 'Ipsen', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'free employee share-allocation plan', 'Media Sally Bain sally', 'new employee share-ownership plan', 'currency exchange rate fluctuations', 'new share buy-back program', '350,000 Ipsen S.A. shares', 'investment services provider', 'Annual General Meeting', 'three therapeutic areas', 'Investors Henry Wheeler', 'general economic factors', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'general industry conditions', 'pharmaceutical industry regulation', 'healthcare cost containment', 'early development phase', 'potential future acquisitions', 'Khalid Deojee khalid', 'necessary regulatory approvals', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'future market conditions', 'interest rate', 'new medicine', 'share capital', 'U.S.', 'market share', 'healthcare legislation', 'tax regulation', 'global hubs', 'global trends', 'development experience', 'development process', 'new-medicine development', 'aggregate number', 'maximum period', 'six months', 'Rare Disease', 'external innovation', 'U.K.', 'Anne Liontas', 'forward-looking statements', 'management strategy', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'similar expressions', 'regulatory filings', 'clinical trial', 'several stages', 'substantial risk', 'significant sums', 'effective nature', 'unexpected regulatory', 'protectionist measures', 'United States', 'technological advances', 'manufacturing difficulties', 'financial instability', 'international economies', 'sovereign risk', 'other protections', 'regulatory actions', 'actual results', 'favorable results', 'future ability', 'future events', 'transformative medicines', 'innovative medicines', 'external-growth assumptions', 'historical data', 'underlying assumptions', 'political changes', 'patent litigation', 'promising medicine', 'generic medicine', 'unknown risks', 'financial targets', 'commercial targets', 'competition reasons', 'Other risks', 'Ipsen Contacts', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '18 MAY', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'agreement', 'authorization', '13 May', 'focus', 'patients', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'pipeline', 'internal', '100 years', 'teams', '40 countries', 'partnerships', 'world', '100 countries', 'information', 'Disclaimers', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account', 'parameters', 'facts', 'occurrence', 'loss', 'research', 'efforts', 'regards', 'safe', 'guarantees', 'impact', 'regulations', 'trade', 'tariffs', 'patents', 'competitors', 'challenges', 'delays', 'dependence', 'effectiveness', 'exposure']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56231,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296363/0/en/NEURONES-Declaration-of-transactions-on-treasury-shares-May-11-to-15-2026.html,NEURONES: Declaration of transactions on treasury shares (May 11 to 15  2026),Nanterre  May 18  2026  Declaration of transactions on treasury shares(period from May 11 to 15  2026)  As part of the share buyback program authorized by...,"Nanterre  May 18  2026Declaration of transactions on treasury shares(period from May 11 to 15  2026)As part of the share buyback program authorized by the General Meeting of June 5  2025 and entrusted to CIC  NEURONES made the following purchases between May 11 and 15  2026 (ISIN code FR0004050250):Day Total daily volume(in number of shares) Weighted average price(unit daily) 05/11/2026 13 671 €37.35 05/12/2026 5 393 €37.37 05/13/2026 5 654 €37.46 05/14/2026 15 332 €37.63 05/15/2026 3 625 €38.06 Total 43 675As of May 15  2026  excluding the liquidity contract  NEURONES now holds 443 436 of the 24 328 716 shares comprising the company's capital (i.e.  1.82%).All press releases relating to the share buyback program are published in the ""Regulated Information"" section (under ""Weekly declarations of the share buyback transactions"" and ""Share buyback programs"") of the company's website.About NEURONESWith 7 400 experts  and ranking among the French leaders in management consulting and digital services  NEURONES helps large companies and organizations with their digital projects  IT infrastructures transformation and AI adoption.Euronext Paris (compartment A - NRO) – Euronext Tech Leaders – DSS – PEA-PME eligiblewww.neurones.netPress Relations:O'ConnectionJulia Philippe-BrutinTel.: +33 (0)6 03 63 06 03jpbrutin@oconnection.frNEURONESMatthieu VautierTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37rp@neurones.netInvestor Relations:NEURONESPaul-César BonnelTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37investisseurs@neurones.netAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['treasury shares', 'NEURONES', 'Declaration', 'transactions', 'May', 'share buyback program', 'Weighted average price', 'IT infrastructures transformation', 'Paul-César Bonnel', 'Total daily volume', 'share buyback transactions', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'unit daily', 'French leaders', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Meeting', 'following purchases', 'ISIN code', 'liquidity contract', 'press releases', 'Regulated Information', 'Weekly declarations', 'management consulting', 'digital services', 'large companies', 'digital projects', 'AI adoption', 'compartment A', 'Press Relations', ""O'Connection"", 'Julia Philippe-Brutin', 'Matthieu Vautier', 'Investor Relations', 'treasury shares', '24,328,716 shares', 'Nanterre', 'May', 'period', 'June', 'CIC', 'NEURONES', 'Day', 'number', 'company', 'capital', 'section', 'website', '7,400 experts', 'organizations', 'NRO', 'DSS', 'PEA-PME', 'Tel.', 'jpbrutin', 'oconnection', 'investisseurs', 'Attachment']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56232,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296642/0/en/FERRARI-N-V-PERIODIC-REPORT-ON-THE-BUYBACK-PROGRAM.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  May 18  2026 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 250 million share buyback program announced on April 10  2026  as the second tranche of the multi-year share bu…,Maranello (Italy)  May 18  2026 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 250 million share buyback program announced on April 10  2026  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 3.5 billion expected to be executed by 2030 in line with the disclosure made during the 2025 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 11/05/2026 26 566 281.4885 7 478 023.49 - - - - 26 566 281.4885 7 478 023.49 12/05/2026 5 623 277.1734 1 558 546.03 15 217 328.5773 4 999 960.77 4 259 636.03 20 840 279.1834 5 818 182.06 13/05/2026 13 000 278.3795 3 618 933.50 - - - - 13 000 278.3795 3 618 933.50 14/05/2026 1 164 284.8954 331 618.25 - - - - 1 164 284.8954 331 618.25 15/05/2026 25 000 279.2786 6 981 965.00 10 757 325.3452 3 499 738.32 3 009 750.88 35 757 279.4338 9 991 715.88 71 353279.863319 969 086.2725 974327.23878 499 699.097 269 386.9197 327279.865527 238 473.18Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till May 15  2026  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 81 258 308.18 for No. 277 487 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 11 499 218.14 (Euro 9 817 831.30*) for No. 34 850 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of May 15  2026 the Company held in treasury No. 17 732 008 common shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan  corresponding to 9.14% of the then total issued common shares. Including the special voting shares  the Company held in treasury 9.49% of the then total issued share capital. For the avoidance of doubt  the cancellation of treasury shares  as approved by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company held on April 15  2026  has not yet been effectuated and therefore has not been taken into account for such calculations.Since January 5  2026  start date of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 3.5 billion announced during the 2025 Capital Markets Day  until May 15  2026  the Company has purchased a total of 1 197 782 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 351 834 224.51.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section (https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs).For further information:Media RelationsEmail: media@ferrari.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '250 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', 'Annual General Meeting', '2025 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 277,487 common shares', 'No. 34,850 common shares', 'share capital', '732,008 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share Consideration', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Media Relations', 'treasury shares', 'total consideration', 'corporate website', 'start date', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'April', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'May', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'cancellation', 'Shareholders', 'account', 'calculations', 'January', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'information', 'Email', 'Attachment', '1,197', '782']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56233,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296890/0/en/Ipsen-April-2026-Monthly-information-relative-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital.html,Ipsen - April 2026- Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital   (in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the...,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rightsand shares composing the share capital(in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Market: Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010259150LEI: 549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11Date Total number of shares composing the share capital Total number of voting rights (1) 30 April 2026 83 814 526 Gross total* of voting rights: 131 952 432 Net total** of voting rights: 130 547 791(1) Existence of a statutory clause imposing an obligation to declare threshold crossing complementary to the one relative to the legal thresholds (Article 10).* Gross total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares  including the number of shares which benefit of double voting rights and the number of treasury shares. The « Gross total » is used as a basis for the calculation of threshold crossings.** Net total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares – shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Monthly information', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Ipsen', 'April', 'shares', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'double voting rights', 'ISIN Code', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Euronext Paris', 'statutory clause', 'legal thresholds', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'total number', 'threshold crossings', 'Article L.', 'treasury shares', 'accordance', 'Market', 'LEI', '549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11', 'Date', '30 April', 'Existence', 'obligation', 'basis', 'calculation', 'Attachment']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56234,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-500-million-share-buyback-program-302774732.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €500 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  May 18  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from May 11  2026 up to and including May 15  2026 a total of 1 082 998 of its own shares were repu…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  May 18  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from May 11  2026 up to and including May 15  2026 a total of 1 082 998 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €20.00 for a total consideration of €21 659 498. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's €500 million share buyback program as announced on March 30  2026. Up to and including May 15  2026  a total of 3 824 466 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €74 794 794. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/UMGCautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpg",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€500 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', '€500 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'May', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'March', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'Logo']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,prnewswire.com
56235,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296857/0/en/Disclosure-of-transparency-notifications-from-BlackRock-Inc.html,Disclosure of transparency notifications from BlackRock  Inc.,Regulated information Nazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  18 May 2026 – 6 PM CET  Disclosure of transparency notifications from BlackRock  Inc....,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  18 May 2026 – 6 PM CETDisclosure of transparency notifications from BlackRock  Inc.Pursuant to the Belgian act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in listed companies  Fagron received two transparency notifications from BlackRock  Inc.  dated 13 May 2026.Notifications from BlackRock  Inc.On 13 and 14 May 2026  Fagron received two transparency notifications from BlackRock  Inc.:In the first notification   BlackRock  Inc. informed the Company that its shareholding has crossed the 3% disclosure threshold upwards  following the acquisition of voting securities or voting rights attached to shares in Fagron  and the acquisition of financial instruments that are treated as voting securities.The notification was submitted by ‘a parent undertaking or a controlling person’. According to the notification  as of 11 May 2026   BlackRock  Inc. holds:A total of 2 072 188 shares in Fagron  consisting of:220 504 shares held through BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited  41 249 shares held through BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited  4 shares held through BlackRock Financial Management  Inc.  1 112 264 shares held by BlackRock Fund Advisors  643 198 shares held by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company  National Association  193 shares held by BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited  54 676 shares held by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited and 100 shares held by BlackRock Investment Management  LLC.The total number of 2 072 188 shares corresponds to the same number of voting rights.A total of 145 030 equivalent financial instruments (Contracts for Difference) in Fagron  consisting of:3 371 contracts held by BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited  3 244 contracts held by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited  696 contracts held by BlackRock Investment Management  LLC  62 729 contracts held by BlackRock Advisors  LLC  56 007 contracts held by BlackRock Financial Management  Inc.  9 242 contracts held by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company  National Association and 9 741 contracts held by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited.The total number of 145 030 equivalent financial instruments corresponds to the same number of voting rights.According to the notification  BlackRock  Inc. is the parent company of the underlying intermediate holding companies disclosed above.Based on the total number of outstanding voting rights (73 773 104 as the applicable denominator)  this shareholding represents 3.01% of the total voting rights.In the second notification   BlackRock  Inc. informed the Company that its shareholding has crossed the lowest 3% disclosure threshold downwards  following a disposal of voting securities or voting rights attached to shares in Fagron.  BlackRock  Inc. informed the Company that its shareholding has crossed the lowest 3% disclosure threshold downwards  following a disposal of voting securities or voting rights attached to shares in Fagron. The notification was submitted by ‘a parent undertaking or a controlling person’.According to the notification  as of 12 May 2026   BlackRock  Inc. holds:A total of 1 990 401 shares in Fagron  consisting of:  BlackRock  Inc. holds:180 410 shares held through BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited  41 249 shares held through BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited  4 shares held through BlackRock Financial Management  Inc.  1 112 264 shares held by BlackRock Fund Advisors  643 242 shares held by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company  National Association  193 shares held by BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited  12 939 shares held by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited and 100 shares held by BlackRock Investment Management  LLC.The total number of 1 990 401 shares corresponds to the same number of voting rights.A total of 145 030 equivalent financial instruments (Contracts for Difference) in Fagron  consisting of:3 371 contracts held by BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited  3 244 contracts held by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited  696 contracts held by BlackRock Investment Management  LLC  62 729 contracts held by BlackRock Advisors  LLC  56 007 contracts held by BlackRock Financial Management  Inc.  9 242 contracts held by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company  National Association and 9 741 contracts held by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited.The total number of 145 030 equivalent financial instruments corresponds to the same number of voting rights.According to the notification  BlackRock  Inc. is the parent company of the underlying intermediate holding companies disclosed above.Based on the total number of outstanding voting rights (73 773 104 as the applicable denominator)  this shareholding represents 2.89% of the total voting rights.The full transparency notifications from BlackRock  Inc. are available on the Fagron website via the link.Further informationIgnacio ArtolaGlobal Head of Investor Relationsinvestors@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is the leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics  and patients in more than 38 countries around the world.The Belgian company Fagron NV is based in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed through the Dutch company Fagron BV with head office in Rotterdam.Important information regarding forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be deemed to be forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. Consequently  Fagron cannot provide any guarantee that such forward-looking statements will  in fact  materialize and cannot accept any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or for any other reason.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['transparency notifications', 'Disclosure', 'BlackRock', 'Inc', 'BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited', 'underlying intermediate holding companies', 'BlackRock Institutional Trust Company', '145,030 equivalent financial instruments', 'BlackRock Investment Management', 'BlackRock Financial Management', 'two transparency notifications', 'full transparency notifications', 'BlackRock Fund Advisors', 'outstanding voting rights', 'total voting rights', 'lowest 3% disclosure threshold', 'listed companies', 'BlackRock Advisors', 'parent company', 'voting securities', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'Belgian act', 'major shareholdings', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'National Association', 'same number', 'applicable denominator', 'Further information', 'Ignacio Artola', 'Global Head', 'Investor Relations', 'total number', 'UK) Limited', 'first notification', 'second notification', 'Fagron website', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '18 May', 'Inc', '2 May', '14 May', 'acquisition', 'shares', '11 May', 'Australia', 'LLC', 'Contracts', 'Difference', 'disposal', 'link', '6', '13']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56236,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296851/0/en/Aramis-Group-Declaration-of-transactions-on-own-shares-conducted-from-May-11-to-May-15-2026.html,Aramis Group - Declaration of transactions on own shares conducted from May 11 to May 15  2026,PRESS RELEASE  Arcueil  May 18th  2026  Declaration of transactions on own shares conducted from May 11 to May 15  2026  Within the framework of the...,PRESS RELEASEArcueil  May 18th  2026Declaration of transactions on own sharesconducted from May 11 to May 15  2026Within the framework of the authorizations granted by the General Assembly on February 3  2026  to operate on its shares and in accordance with the regulations related to share buybacks  Aramis Group hereby declares the following purchases of own shares (FR0014003U94) made from May 11 to May 15  2026 (excluding the liquidity contract):Name of the issuer Issuer identifier code Transaction date Financial instrument identifier code Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of shares Market Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2026-05-11 FR0014003U94 7 864 3.8144 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2026-05-12 FR0014003U94 5 733 3.7715 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2026-05-13 FR0014003U94 9 651 3.1085 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2026-05-14 FR0014003U94 10 385 2.8887 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2026-05-15 FR0014003U94 8 529 2.8684 XPAR TOTAL 42 162 3.2276Detailed information regarding these transactions is available on the Aramis Group website at the following address: https://aramis.group/investors/press-releases/c/other-regulated-information/***About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of more than €2.3 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 119 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes close to seventy million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs more than 2 400 people and has nine industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).Investor contactinvestor@aramis.groupAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Aramis Group', 'Declaration', 'transactions', 'shares', 'May', 'issuer Issuer identifier code Transaction date', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'Financial instrument identifier code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'nine industrial-scale refurbishing centers', 'XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42', 'Market Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42', 'Total daily volume', 'vehicle refurbishing pioneer', 'seventy million visitors', 'B2C online used', 'Aramis Group website', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'aramis.group', '119,000 vehicles B2C', 'growing group', 'The Group', 'group Attachment', 'General Assembly', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'liquidity contract', 'Detailed information', 'following address', 'European leader', 'car sales', 'six countries', 'e-commerce expert', 'sustainable mobility', 'circular economy', 'digital technology', 'employee engagement', 'annual revenues', 'close to', 'digital platforms', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Investor contact', 'May 18th', 'Arcueil', 'Declaration', 'transactions', 'shares', 'framework', 'authorizations', 'February', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Name', 'number', 'FR0014003U94', 'investors', 'releases', 'regulated-information', 'offering', '20 years', 'satisfaction', 'customers', 'value', 'stakeholders', '2,400 people', 'Ticker', 'ISIN']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56237,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296649/0/en/Announcement-of-Results-of-the-Tender-Offer-for-Any-and-All-2029-Notes-by-Movida-Europe-S-A.html,Announcement of Results of the Tender Offer for Any and All 2029 Notes by Movida Europe S.A.,São Paulo  Brazil  May 18  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Movida Participações S.A. (“Movida”)  a corporation (sociedade por ações) organized under the laws of Brazil  announces that the cash tender offer (the “Tender Offer”) for any and all of the outstanding …,São Paulo  Brazil  May 18  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Movida Participações S.A. (“ Movida ”)  a corporation (sociedade por ações) organized under the laws of Brazil  announces that the cash tender offer (the “ Tender Offer ”) for any and all of the outstanding 7.850% Senior Unsecured Guaranteed Notes due 2029 (the “ Notes ”) issued by its subsidiary  Movida Europe S.A. (the “ Issuer ”)  a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg  having its registered office at 25A  Boulevard Royal  L-2449  Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies’ Register under the number B 251005  expired on May 15  2026 at 5:00 p.m.  New York City time (the “ Expiration Time ”). At the Expiration Time  (a) valid tenders had been received with respect to US$173 042 000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes  and (b) Notices of Guaranteed Delivery had been received with respect to US$3 935 000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes. The Notes are fully  unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Movida and Movida Locação de Veículos S.A. (the “ Guarantors ”). The Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc  trading as Euronext Dublin.The Tender Offer was made by the Issuer  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in an offer to purchase  dated May 11  2026 (the “ Offer to Purchase ”) and the related Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. The Issuer informs that the Financing Condition has been fully satisfied. Any capitalized term used but not defined in this press release has the respective meaning set forth in the Offer to Purchase.In order to be eligible to participate in the Tender Offer  Holders of Notes reflected in Notices of Guaranteed Delivery received by the Issuer prior to the Expiration Date must tender such Notes via the guaranteed delivery procedures by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on May 20  2026.The Issuer expects to accept and to make payment for all validly tendered and not validly withdrawn Notes before the Expiration Time and for all Notes validly tendered and delivered pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures on or about May 21  2026 (the “ Settlement Date ”).Holders of Notes who validly tendered their Notes at or prior to the Expiration Time are eligible to receive US$1 010 per US$1 000 principal amount of Notes. In addition  accrued and unpaid interest from the last interest payment date to  but not including  the Settlement Date for the Notes will be paid in cash on all validly tendered and accepted Notes.DisclaimerThis press release must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase or the solicitation of an offer to sell any securities.Important Notice Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are information of a non-historical nature or that relate to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties. No assurance can be given that the transactions described in this press release will be consummated or as to the ultimate terms of any such transactions. Movida does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or future events or for any other reason.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.25,0.49,True,English,"['Movida Europe S.A.', 'Tender Offer', 'Announcement', 'Results', '2029 Notes', 'outstanding 7.850% Senior Unsecured Guaranteed Notes', 'Movida Participações S.A.', 'public limited liability company', 'Veículos S.A.', 'Irish Stock Exchange plc', 'Movida Europe S.A.', 'Movida Locação de', 'New York City time', 'last interest payment date', 'São Paulo', 'Global Exchange Market', 'société anonyme', 'aggregate principal amount', 'US$1,000 principal amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'cash tender offer', 'unpaid interest', 'new information', 'Guaranteed Delivery', 'Expiration Time', 'Expiration Date', 'Settlement Date', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Boulevard Royal', 'Grand Duchy', 'Companies’ Register', 'valid tenders', 'Official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'related Notice', 'Financing Condition', 'capitalized term', 'press release', 'respective meaning', 'delivery procedures', 'informational purposes', 'Important Notice', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'historical nature', 'future events', 'other reason', 'The Issuer', 'ultimate terms', 'Luxembourg Trade', 'Brazil', 'corporation', 'sociedade', 'laws', 'subsidiary', 'office', '25A', 'number', 'May', 'Notices', 'Guarantors', 'conditions', 'Purchase', 'order', 'Holders', 'addition', 'accrued', 'Disclaimer', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'transactions', 'obligation', 'result', '5:00']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56238,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296961/0/en/MAISON-POMMERY-ASSOCIES-Notice-of-meeting-of-the-general-meeting-of-holders-of-the-bonds-issued-on-14-May-2019-and-maturing-on-19-June-2026-to-amend-their-terms-and-conditions.html,MAISON POMMERY & ASSOCIES : Notice of meeting of the general meeting of holders of the bonds issued on 14 May 2019 and maturing on 19 June 2026 to amend their terms and conditions,Financial Press ReleaseNotice of meeting of the general meeting of holders of the bonds issued on 14 May 2019 and maturing on 19 June 2026 to amend their terms and conditions(ISIN: BE0002654359 – Common Code: 199972634),"Financial Press ReleaseNotice of meeting of the general meeting of holders of the bonds issued on 14 May 2019 and maturing on 19 June 2026 to amend their terms and conditions(ISIN: BE0002654359 – Common Code: 199972634)Reims  18 May 2026Following its press release of 27 April 2026  in which it announced the postponement of the publication of its 2025 Universal Registration Document and of its Annual General Meeting of shareholders  Maison Pommery & Associés (the “Company”) is continuing discussions with its banking creditors in an orderly framework  with a view to providing the Company with the financial structure best suited to its needs and preserving the interests of all stakeholders.In this context  the Company is requesting a twelve-month extension of the maturity of the bonds bearing interest at a rate of 3.75 per cent per annum and maturing on 19 June 2026 (ISIN: BE0002654359 – Common Code: 199972634) (the “Bonds”). This extension is essential to enable the Company to continue the ongoing discussions with its financial partners  to carry out its programme of disposals of non-strategic assets  and to be in a position to obtain certification of its financial statements for the 2025 financial year.The Company notes that its Annual General Meeting remains postponed  which leads it to request that the holders of the Bonds (the “Bondholders”) amend Condition 10.3 of the Bonds as a result of this postponement.If the resolutions are adopted  the Company proposes to all Bondholders a resolution fee of 0.15% of the total nominal amount of the Bonds.By a notice of meeting to be published within the required timeframe and in accordance with the Conditions of the Bonds  and which will include the draft resolutions (the “Notice of Meeting”)  the Bondholders will be convened to a general meeting at the registered office:on 9 June 2026 at 10:00 a.m.  on first notice 1 ; or  if the quorum is not reached ; or  if the quorum is not reached  at the same time on 19 June 2026  on second notice.The Notice of Meeting sets out the voting procedures for Bondholders and the terms of the resolution fee. In addition to being distributed to Bondholders in accordance with the Conditions of the Bonds  it will be made available on the Company’s website.As stated in the press release of 27 April 2026  the activities of the Maison Pommery & Associés group are continuing as normal  its operational fundamentals remain solid  and the achievements of the first quarter of 2026 confirm the Group’s ability to develop its brands. The Group remains focused on its commercial and operational strategy.** *__________________________1 It being understood that this date of 9 June 2026 takes into account the seven-day period following delivery of this notice to the X/N Clearing System  in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the Conditions of the Bonds.Maison Pommery & Associés is a major player in the Champagne sector. The Group controls the entire value chain  from vine cultivation to wine production and marketing. The Group also has a presence in three other wine regions (Provence  Camargue  and Douro). It is strongly committed to promoting terroirs  sustainable viticulture  and environmental preservation.Maison Pommery & Associés is listed on NYSE Euronext Paris and Brussels.(Code ""POMRY"" (Paris & Bruxelles); ISIN code: FR0000062796).Contacts:Maison Pommery & Associés: Press: Franck Delval  Directeur Financier+33 3 26 61 62 34​comfi@maisonpommery.fr Laurent Poinsot​+33 1 53 70 74 77​lpoinsot@image7.fr​Caroline Simon​+33 1 53 70 74 65​caroline.simon@image7.frAttachments",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['MAISON POMMERY', 'general meeting', 'ASSOCIES', 'Notice', 'holders', 'bonds', '14 May', '19 June', 'terms', 'conditions', 'three other wine regions', '2025 Universal Registration Document', 'total nominal amount', 'X/N Clearing System', 'entire value chain', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Financial Press Release', 'Associés group', 'wine production', 'financial structure', 'financial partners', 'financial statements', '2025 financial year', 'Maison Pommery', 'banking creditors', 'orderly framework', '3.75 per cent', 'non-strategic assets', 'resolution fee', 'registered office', 'same time', 'voting procedures', 'operational fundamentals', 'first quarter', 'The Group', 'operational strategy', 'seven-day period', 'major player', 'Champagne sector', 'vine cultivation', 'sustainable viticulture', 'environmental preservation', 'Franck Delval', 'Directeur Financier', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Common Code', 'twelve-month extension', 'ongoing discussions', 'draft resolutions', 'first notice', 'second notice', 'The Company', 'ISIN code', 'Caroline Simon', 'holders', 'bonds', '14 May', '19 June', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Reims', '18 May', '27 April', 'postponement', 'publication', 'view', 'needs', 'interests', 'context', 'maturity', 'programme', 'disposals', 'position', 'certification', 'result', 'timeframe', 'accordance', '10:00 a', 'quorum', 'addition', 'website', 'activities', 'achievements', 'ability', 'brands', 'commercial', 'date', 'account', 'delivery', 'Notices', 'marketing', 'presence', 'Provence', 'Camargue', 'Douro', 'terroirs', 'Brussels', 'POMRY', 'Bruxelles', 'Contacts', 'comfi', 'maisonpommery', 'lpoinsot', 'image', 'Attachments']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56239,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296343/0/en/Eviden-launches-ELIT-AI-its-next-generation-radar-signals-sensor-with-built-in-sovereign-AI.html,Eviden launches ELIT AI  its next-generation radar signals sensor with built-in sovereign AI,Eviden launches ELIT AI  its next-generation radar signals sensor with built-in sovereign AI...,"Press ReleaseEviden launches ELIT AI  its next-generation radar signals sensor with built-in sovereign AIDesigned to detect new radar waveforms in addition to conventional threats  ELIT AI has already been ordered by the DGA-MIParis  France – May 18  2026 – Eviden  the Atos Group product branch leading in mission-critical systems  today announces the launch of ELIT AI  Avantix's next-generation radar interceptor.Developed by Avantix  Eviden's signals intelligence (SIGINT) center of expertise  ELIT AI is an ELINT sensor1 whose capabilities are augmented by artificial intelligence. It enables real-time tactical radar situational awareness  faster visualization and identification of next-generation complex radar waves.The next-generation ELIT AI sensor is designed for the detection  analysis and identification of radar signals for tactical situational awareness and SIGINT. ELIT AI consists of a flexible and scalable hardware and software platform that can be integrated into a variety of carriers and environments. It addresses the challenges of detecting new complex radar waveforms and low probability of intercept (LPI2) signals capable of dynamically modifying their emissions while operating at lower power levels.ELIT AI integrates adaptive software-defined radio (SDR) technologies3 as well as sovereign AI capabilities derived from 100% of Eviden's R&D. Highly configurable  ELIT AI offers intelligent scanning strategy  real-time tactical display  recording triggering and in-depth technical analysis for deferred information capitalization. The sensor also features improved sensitivity that extends its detection range  and increased agility and adaptivity thanks to its wide spectral band.Bernard Payer  director  Eviden  Mission-Critical Systems and president of Avantix  said: ""The ELIT AI sensor developed by Avantix  Eviden's activity specializing in electromagnetic warfare  illustrates our ability to innovate and push the limits of interception and analysis as new radar models emerge and become increasingly stealthy and sophisticated. We are particularly proud of its adoption by the DGA-MI. We see this as a testament to the confidence of the major national defense contractors in our signals intelligence expertise. »ELIT AI is a comprehensive solution that provides a decisive advantage in the operational theater and helps to fuel the needs of armies in terms of CEMA.4 Combined with the complementary offerings of Avantix's ELINT portfolio  CARACAL for the radar signal database  and OSCAR for in-depth radar signal analysis  the ELIT AI system provides a solution for the entire spectrum of radar threat management  from detection to analysis and identification.***About EvidenEviden is the Atos Group brand focused on cybersecurity products  mission-critical systems and vision AI. A trusted partner to public and private sector organizations  Eviden deploys advanced analytics capabilities and helps ensure the robustness  continuity and resilience of its customers’ operations. Leveraging more than 2 200 experts and 720 patents  Eviden helps protect people  data and critical infrastructures worldwide  at the convergence of intelligence  sovereignty and trust.About Atos GroupAtos Group is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 56 000 employees and annual revenue of c. €7.2 billion (at the go-forward perimeter)  operating in 54 countries under two brands - Atos for services and Eviden for products and systems. European number one in cybersecurity and a leader in cloud  Atos Group is committed to a secure and decarbonized future and provides tailored AI-powered  end-to-end solutions for all industries. Atos Group is the brand under which Atos SE (Societas Europaea) operates. Atos SE listed on Euronext Paris.Press contactIsabelle Grangé - France | isabelle.grange@atos.net | Phone: +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 881 Electronic Intelligence2 Low Probability of Intercept3 Software-Defined Radio4 Cyber and ElectroMagnetic ActivitiesAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['next-generation radar signals sensor', 'ELIT AI', 'sovereign AI', 'Eviden', 'adaptive software-defined radio (SDR) technologies3', 'real-time tactical radar situational awareness', 'major national defense contractors', 'next-generation complex radar waves', 'new complex radar waveforms', 'next-generation radar signals sensor', 'Atos Group product branch', 'depth radar signal analysis', 'The ELIT AI sensor', 'next-generation ELIT AI sensor', 'tactical situational awareness', 'real-time tactical display', 'new radar waveforms', 'next-generation radar interceptor', 'radar signal database', 'new radar models', 'radar threat management', 'lower power levels', 'intelligent scanning strategy', 'deferred information capitalization', 'wide spectral band', 'private sector organizations', 'depth technical analysis', 'ElectroMagnetic Activities Attachment', 'advanced analytics capabilities', 'ELIT AI system', 'sovereign AI capabilities', '3 Software-Defined Radio', 'Atos Group brand', 'signals intelligence expertise', 'electromagnetic warfare', 'vision AI', 'Atos SE', 'Press Release', 'conventional threats', 'ELINT sensor1', 'artificial intelligence', 'faster visualization', 'scalable hardware', 'software platform', 'low probability', 'R&D.', 'Bernard Payer', 'decisive advantage', 'operational theater', 'complementary offerings', 'ELINT portfolio', 'entire spectrum', 'trusted partner', 'customers’ operations', 'critical infrastructures', 'digital transformation', 'c. 56,000 employees', 'annual revenue', 'forward perimeter', 'two brands', 'European number', 'decarbonized future', 'tailored AI-powered', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'Press contact', 'Electronic Intelligence', 'mission-critical systems', 'SIGINT) center', 'comprehensive solution', 'global leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'Isabelle Grangé', 'detection range', 'cybersecurity products', 'Eviden', 'addition', 'DGA-MI', 'France', 'May', 'launch', 'Avantix', 'identification', 'flexible', 'variety', 'carriers', 'environments', 'challenges', 'emissions', 'sensitivity', 'agility', 'adaptivity', 'director', 'president', 'activity', 'limits', 'interception', 'adoption', 'testament', 'confidence', 'needs', 'armies', 'terms', 'CEMA', 'CARACAL', 'OSCAR', 'public', 'robustness', 'continuity', 'resilience', '2,200 experts', '720 patents', 'people', 'convergence', 'sovereignty', '54 countries', 'services', 'cloud', 'secure', 'industries', 'grange', 'Phone', '4 Cyber']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56240,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296889/0/en/Weekly-report-TEN-share-buyback-from-May-11-to-May-15-2026.html,Weekly report TEN share buyback from May 11 to May 15  2026,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from May 11  2026  to May 15  2026.,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from May 11  2026  to May 15  2026.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Name of the Issuer Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/11/2026 NL0014559478 4 130 36.3121 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/12/2026 NL0014559478 4 074 36.8128 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/13/2026 NL0014559478 4 073 36.8160 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/14/2026 NL0014559478 4 042 37.1044 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/15/2026 NL0014559478 4 041 37.1069 XPAR TOTAL 20 360 36.828144For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/financial-information/publications-regulated-information/notice-trading-own-shares.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 18 000+ employees across 35 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €7.2 billion in 2025 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.com.ContactsInvestor Relations Media Relations Phillip Lindsay Jason Hyonne Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations & Social Media Manager Tel: +44 207 585 5051 Tel: +33 1 47 78 22 89 Email: Phillip Lindsay Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['TEN share buyback', 'Weekly report', 'May', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'Investor Relations Media Relations', 'Phillip Lindsay Jason Hyonne', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Manager', 'complementary business segments', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Technip Energies shares', 'investment services provider', 'Issuer Identity code', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Issuer Day', 'MIC Code', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'buyback program', 'discretionary mandate', 'financial instrument', 'detailed declaration', 'investors.technipenergies', 'engineering powerhouse', 'leadership positions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'critical markets', 'Project Delivery', 'industrial reality', '18,000+ employees', 'shares Market', 'shares purchases', 'detailed information', 'global technology', 'energy derivatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'May', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'number', 'objectives', 'financial-information/publications', 'regulated-information', 'trading', 'own-shares', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'development', 'decarbonization', 'circularity', 'Products', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'execution', '35 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'revenues', 'company', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Email', '33']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56241,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296866/0/en/Lectra-Christophe-G%C3%A9gout-and-Fiorangelo-Salvatorelli-join-Lectra-s-Board-of-Directors.html,Lectra: Christophe Gégout and Fiorangelo Salvatorelli join Lectra’s Board of Directors,Christophe Gégout and Fiorangelo Salvatorellijoin Lectra’s Board of Directors  Paris  May 18  2026 – At Lectra’s Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on April...,Christophe Gégout and Fiorangelo Salvatorellijoin Lectra’s Board of DirectorsParis  May 18  2026 – At Lectra’s Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on April 29  2026  two new Board members  Christophe Gégout and Fiorangelo Salvatorelli  were appointed for a four-year term.Their appointments reflect the Group’s ambition to strengthen its governance to support the implementation of its 2026–2028 strategic roadmap. Both join Lectra’s Strategic Committee and AI Committee  recently created  bringing complementary expertise in investment  finance  strategy and new technologies to the Group. Christophe Gégout will also become a member of the Audit Committee.As part of its 2026–2028 strategic roadmap announced in February of this year  Lectra aims to fully deploy its digital and connected model with the aim of delivering more value to customers  thanks to the increased integration of AI and big data in solutions as well as in the design processes of its offers. In a constantly changing environment  Lectra stands out for its ability to transform challenges into true growth levers. Christophe Gégout and Fiorangelo Salvatorelli bring strategic vision that is essential to support Lectra in this new AI-driven industrial era.Daniel Harari  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lectra  said at the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting: “We are very pleased to welcome Christophe Gégout and Fiorangelo Salvatorelli to Lectra’s Board of Directors. At a pivotal time marked by the rise of AI and data  their expertise is a major asset to Lectra’s development. Fiorangelo Salvatorelli brings to the Board deep technology expertise built on extensive experience in consulting and investing in high-tech companies. Christophe Gégout stands out for the rigor of his strategic analysis  his command of financial and governance issues  and his ability to act with independence and effectiveness within the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee.”Christophe Gégout is a Founding Partner and Chief Executive Officer of Yotta Capital Partners  an investor in industrial innovation  since December 2020.Prior to co-founding Yotta Capital Partners  he was Chief Investment Officer at Meridiam  where he oversaw investments in SMEs and electric vehicle charging infrastructure.From 2009 to 2015  Christophe Gégout served as Chief Financial Officer of the French Atomic Energy and Alternative Energies Commission (CEA)  before becoming Deputy Chief Executive Officer  a role he held until 2018. In this position  he developed innovation partnerships with major international groups and European SMEs  as well as asset management activities focused on disruptive innovations. Previously  from 2001 to 2009  Christophe Gégout held various positions within the Ministry of Economy and Finance  including that of advisor to Christine Lagarde  then Minister of Finance. In addition  he currently serves on the boards of two companies  including SOITEC (SBF 120).He is a graduate of École Polytechnique  Sciences Po Paris and ENSAE Paris (École nationale de la statistique et de l’administration économique).Fiorangelo Salvatorelli is Managing Director and Technology Lead at Alantra EQMC Asset Management  an engaged  long-term investment strategy firm focused on listed European small and mid-cap companies. He brings deep technology expertise  combined with EQMC Fund’s constructive investment approach to support companies in sustainable growth and long-term value creation.For more than twenty years  Fiorangelo Salvatorelli has been active as a technology-focused investor  with a diverse background spanning consulting at McKinsey  long-term investing at Newton  Fidelity and CCLA  hedge fund management at Lansdowne and Kite Lake  and private equity at Fusion and Hermes.His career  tested across multiple economic cycles  is noted for a consistent track record of performance.Fiorangelo Salvatorelli holds a Master of Arts degree and a Doctorate in Engineering Science from the University of Oxford. He has taught at the University of Oxford  in the Department of Engineering Science  and at INSEAD. He also holds several board and advisory positions  notably with AfrAsia Bank Ltd  the Science and Technology Facilities Council (STFC) and institutions dedicated to technological innovation.About Lectra:At the forefront of innovation since its founding in 1973  Lectra provides industrial intelligence technology solutions - combining software in SaaS mode  cutting equipment  data  and associated services - to players in the fashion  automotive and furniture industries. Lectra accelerates the transformation and success of its customers in a world in perpetual motion thanks to the key technologies of Industry 4.0: AI  big data  cloud and the Internet of Things.The Group is present in more than one hundred countries. The production sites for its cutting equipment are located in France  China and the United States. Lectra's 2 800 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. They all share the same concern for social responsibility  which is one of the pillars of Lectra's strategy to ensure its sustainable growth and that of its customers.Lectra reported revenues of €507 million in 2025  including €89 million in SaaS revenues. The Company is listed on Euronext  and is included in the CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information  visit lectra.com .Follow Lectra on social media:LinkedInYoutubeFacebookMedia contacts:Hotwire for LectraAnissa Hadji Hervo - t : 33 (0)1 43 12 55 73Grace Darguel - t : 33 (0)1 43 12 55 62Lucille Dernicourt-Texier - t : +33 (0)1 43 12 55 67e: lectrafr@hotwireglobal.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Christophe Gégout', 'Fiorangelo Salvatorelli', 'Lectra', 'Board', 'Directors', 'electric vehicle charging infrastructure', 'new AI-driven industrial era', 'diverse background spanning consulting', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Alantra EQMC Asset Management', 'industrial intelligence technology solutions', 'long-term investment strategy firm', 'two new Board members', 'asset management activities', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'Christophe Gégout', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'French Atomic Energy', 'Alternative Energies Commission', 'multiple economic cycles', 'consistent track record', 'AfrAsia Bank Ltd', 'Technology Facilities Council', 'one hundred countries', 'three core values', 'hedge fund management', 'constructive investment approach', 'Yotta Capital Partners', 'true growth levers', 'major international groups', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'deep technology expertise', 'Sciences Po Paris', 'long-term value creation', 'major asset', 'EQMC Fund', 'new technologies', 'industrial innovation', 'Technology Lead', 'two companies', 'trusted partners', 'sustainable growth', 'long-term investing', 'complementary expertise', 'Fiorangelo Salvatorelli', 'four-year term', '2026–2028 strategic roadmap', 'Strategic Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'connected model', 'design processes', 'changing environment', 'strategic vision', 'Daniel Harari', 'pivotal time', 'extensive experience', 'strategic analysis', 'disruptive innovations', 'various positions', 'Christine Lagarde', 'École Polytechnique', 'ENSAE Paris', 'École nationale', 'administration économique', 'Managing Director', 'European small', 'twenty years', 'Kite Lake', 'private equity', 'Arts degree', 'advisory positions', 'SaaS mode', 'associated services', 'furniture industries', 'perpetual motion', 'key technologies', 'production sites', 'United States', 'open-minded thinkers', 'passionate innovators', 'same concern', 'social respo', 'high-tech companies', 'innovation partnerships', 'mid-cap companies', 'technological innovation', 'several board', 'big data', 'governance issues', 'Founding Partner', 'European SMEs', 'technology-focused investor', 'cutting equipment', 'The Group', 'AI Committee', 'Engineering Science', 'Lectra', 'Directors', 'April', 'appointments', 'ambition', 'implementation', 'finance', 'February', 'digital', 'aim', 'customers', 'integration', 'offers', 'ability', 'challenges', 'Chairman', 'rise', 'development', 'rigor', 'command', 'independence', 'effectiveness', 'December', 'Meridiam', 'investments', 'CEA', 'role', 'Ministry', 'Economy', 'Minister', 'addition', 'boards', 'SOITEC', 'SBF', 'graduate', 'statistique', 'McKinsey', 'Newton', 'Fidelity', 'CCLA', 'Lansdowne', 'Fusion', 'Hermes', 'career', 'performance', 'Master', 'Doctorate', 'University', 'Oxford', 'Department', 'INSEAD', 'STFC', 'institutions', 'forefront', 'software', 'players', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'transformation', 'success', 'world', 'Industry 4.0', 'cloud', 'Internet', 'Things', 'France', 'China', '2,800 employees']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56242,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296892/0/en/LECTRA-Share-buyback-program-Aggregated-disclosure-of-transactions-in-own-shares-carried-out-from-May-11-to-May-15-2026.html,LECTRA: Share buyback program - Aggregated disclosure of transactions in own shares carried out from May 11 to May 15  2026,Share buyback programAggregated disclosure of transactions in own sharescarried out from May 11 to May 15  2026  Paris  May 18  2026   Pursuant to the...,Share buyback programAggregated disclosure of transactions in own sharescarried out from May 11 to May 15  2026Paris  May 18  2026 Pursuant to the authorization granted by the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 29  2026  to operate on its shares and in accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Lectra SA (LEI: 9695000KWQEBUDT6IO19) announces below the transactions in its own shares (LSS - FR0000065484) carried out from May 11 to May 15  2026:IssuerName TransactionDate Financial Instrument Identifier Code Total Daily Volume (number of shares) Daily Volume Weighted Average Acquisition Price (€) Market(MIC Code) LECTRA 05/11/26 FR0000065484 10 341 15.9512 XPAR LECTRA 05/11/26 FR0000065484 7 315 15.9481 CEUX LECTRA 05/11/26 FR0000065484 1 405 15.9396 AQEU LECTRA 05/11/26 FR0000065484 1 094 15.9419 TQEX LECTRA 05/12/26 FR0000065484 9 932 15.9962 XPAR LECTRA 05/12/26 FR0000065484 7 306 16.0323 CEUX LECTRA 05/12/26 FR0000065484 1 353 16.0370 AQEU LECTRA 05/12/26 FR0000065484 1 107 16.0353 TQEX LECTRA 05/13/26 FR0000065484 10 303 15.9814 XPAR LECTRA 05/13/26 FR0000065484 7 603 15.9215 CEUX LECTRA 05/13/26 FR0000065484 1 399 15.9124 AQEU LECTRA 05/13/26 FR0000065484 1 142 15.9154 TQEX LECTRA 05/14/26 FR0000065484 7 745 15.9605 CEUX LECTRA 05/14/26 FR0000065484 10 758 15.9496 XPAR LECTRA 05/14/26 FR0000065484 1 442 15.9543 AQEU LECTRA 05/14/26 FR0000065484 1 142 15.9653 TQEX LECTRA 05/15/26 FR0000065484 7 874 16.1007 CEUX LECTRA 05/15/26 FR0000065484 10 971 16.1090 XPAR LECTRA 05/15/26 FR0000065484 1 136 16.1011 TQEX LECTRA 05/15/26 FR0000065484 1 446 16.1009 AQEU TOTAL 102 814 15.9956About LectraAt the forefront of innovation since its founding in 1973  Lectra provides industrial intelligence technology solutions - combining software in SaaS mode  cutting equipment  data  and associated services - to players in the fashion  automotive and furniture industries. Lectra accelerates the transformation and success of its customers in a world in perpetual motion thanks to the key technologies of Industry 4.0: AI  big data  cloud and the Internet of Things. The Group is present in more than one hundred countries. The production sites for its cutting equipment are located in France  China and the United States. Lectra's 2 800 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. They all share the same concern for social responsibility  which is one of the pillars of Lectra's strategy to ensure its sustainable growth and that of its customers. Lectra reported revenues of €507 million in 2025  including €89 million in SaaS revenues. The Company is listed on Euronext  and is included in the CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information  visit lectra.com.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with share capital of €38 063 263. RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'Aggregated disclosure', 'LECTRA', 'transactions', 'shares', 'May', 'Issuer Name Transaction Date Financial Instrument Identifier Code Total Daily Volume', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'industrial intelligence technology solutions', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Average Acquisition Price', 'one hundred countries', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'ENT PEA-PME 150 indices', 'MIC Code', 'AQEU TOTAL', 'Share buyback program', 'RCS Paris B', 'CAC All Shares', 'CAC Technology', 'share buybacks', 'share capital', 'Aggregated disclosure', 'SaaS mode', 'associated services', 'furniture industries', 'perpetual motion', 'key technologies', 'The Group', 'production sites', 'United States', 'open-minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', 'same concern', 'social responsibility', 'sustainable growth', 'rue Chalgrin', 'Lectra SA', 'XPAR LECTRA', 'CEUX LECTRA', 'AQEU LECTRA', 'TQEX LECTRA', 'big data', 'cutting equipment', 'SaaS revenues', 'World Headquarters', 'transactions', 'May', 'authorization', 'April', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'LEI', '9695000KWQEBUDT6IO19', 'LSS', 'number', 'Market', 'FR0000065484', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'founding', 'software', 'players', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'transformation', 'success', 'customers', 'Industry 4.0', 'cloud', 'Internet', 'Things', 'France', 'China', '2,800 employees', 'pillars', 'strategy', 'Company', 'Euronext', 'information', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296930/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-BIGBEN-Q4-2025-2026-SALES-UP-0-4-TO-64-7M.html,PRESS RELEASE: BIGBEN: Q4 2025-2026 SALES UP 0.4% TO €64.7M,Press Release,"Press ReleaseLesquin  May 18  2026  6:00 PMQ4 2025-2026 SALES UP 0.4% TO €64.7MSALES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025-2026 ALMOST STABLE AT 284 5 M€OUTPERFORMANCE OF BIGBEN AUDIO-VIDEO/TELCOOUTLOOK 2026-2027RESTRUCTURING OF NACONLesquin  May 18  2026  Bigben Interactive (ISIN FR0000074072) (the ""Company"") today announced its consolidated sales for fiscal year 2025-2026 (period from April 1  2025 to March 31  2026).IFRS – M€ 2025/262024/25% ChangeSales 1st quarter (April – June) 56.5 57.9 -2.4% 2nd quarter (July – September) 79.0 78.0 +1.3% 3rd Quarter (October-December)84.487.7-3.8%4th Quarter (January – March) (1) 64 7 64.4 +0 4% Nacon Gaming 36.6 38.0 -3.8% Bigben Audio-Video / Telco 28.1 26.4 +6.5% Total 12 months (April-March) (1) 284 5 288.0 -1.2% Nacon Gaming 160 8 167.9 -4.3% Bigben Audio-Video / Telco 123.7 120.0 +3.0%(1) Unaudited figuresIncrease in Q4 2025-2026 salesNacon recorded a slight decrease in sales for Q4 2025-2026  to €36.6M.Games segment sales for the quarter amounted to €25.2M  nearly unchanged compared with the same quarter of the previous financial year.Catalogue activity (new games) recorded strong sales growth at €13.2M  an increase of 33.2%. This growth was driven by a strong release schedule during the quarter  including Styx: Blades of Greed™ and Dragonkin: The Banished™.For the full financial year  Catalogue sales stood at 55.3 M€  an increase of 43.7%.The Back Catalogue (games released in previous fiscal years) is down 25.3% for the quarter  due to a high comparison basis in Q4 2024-2025.Sales in the Accessories division fell by a smaller proportion than in the previous quarter  buoyed by more favourable market conditions in the US. Over the full financial year  sales fell more significantly  mainly due to the impact of increased US tariffs.In light of these elements  Nacon closed its financial year 2025-2026 with a turnover of 160.8 M€  lower than its initial forecasts.Bigben Interactive – Audio-Video/Telco generated sales of €28.1M in Q4 2025-2026  an increase of 6.5%.Mobile Accessories: In a mobile accessory market that declined by 6% in volume (GFK source)  the mobile business significantly outperformed with growth of 6.5% for the quarter. This growth is based on a significant expansion of distribution and the continued success of the Force® brand across all its ranges.For the full fiscal year  the Mobile Accessories segment recorded a 5.0% increase to €97.8M.Audio-video : This activity generated sales revenue of €5.0M in the quarter  compared to €4.8M in the same period of the previous fiscal year. This growth is driven by good restocking across the different channels and by the strong demand recorded for the Thomson range.The annual sales for the Audio-video business thus stands at €25.8M  compared to €26.9M last fiscal year.For the 2025-2026 fiscal year  the group formed by the Company and its subsidiaries (the ""Group"") achieved almost stable sales of €284.5M.Outlook for Fiscal Year 2025/2026Following a thorough review of the value of the assets of Nacon  the subsidiary of the Company will record significant provisions  relating in particular to impairments losses on goodwill and certain games which will either be abandoned or written down based on their sales prospects. These non-recurring adjustments will heavily impact the annual results for fiscal year 2025/2026 of the Group.These impairments are part of a prudent and rigorous approach to the evaluation of its assets. They do not affect the Group's operational dynamics or the continuation of its transformation strategy.Outlooks for Fiscal Year 2026-2027Judicial reorganisation proceedings (“Redressement judiciaire”) of Nacon  a subsidiary of the Company – ongoing restructuring and refocusing of its activity on higher value-added segmentsFollowing the opening of judicial reorganisation proceedings (“Redressement judiciaire”) for its benefit with the Commercial Court of Lille Métropole following a hearing held on 2 March 2026  Nacon has undertaken an in-depth strategic review of all its activities. This process aims to rationalise investments in the projects that are least risky and to build a solid and sustainable operating model.In this context  Nacon has undertaken a significant effort to streamline its cost structure  accompanied by a resizing of its workforce. This initiative aims to create a more agile organisation  capable of achieving sustainable improvements in structural efficiency.The Commercial Court of Lille Métropole ordered  on April 29  2026  the judicial liquidation (“liquidation judiciaire”) of two of the Company’s French subsidiaries: SPIDERS  a video game development studio with no launch projects in the near future  and NACON TECH  a motion capture creation entity.Meanwhile  two other subsidiaries of Nacon  CYANIDE and KYLOTONN studios  both currently under judicial reorganisation proceedings (“Redressement judiciaire”) will undergo restructuring.Finally  Nacon is working on a draft recovery plan  involving a restructuring of its debt  which is intended to be submitted to the Commercial Court of Lille Métropole in the coming months.Nacon : Prospects of ActivityRegarding the Games segment  fiscal year 2026-2027 will benefit from the release of several major games covering most genre specialties  including:Sport: Tour de France 26 and Pro Cycling Manager TM 26Racing : Endurance Motorsport TM   MXGP TM 26 Adventure : Cthulhu TM   The Mound TM   Edge of Memories TMSimulation : Hunting Simulator 3Given the high volume of releases in the 2025-2026 fiscal year  sales from Back Catalogue are expected to grow in the 2026-2027 fiscal year.In a more favorably oriented American market  the Accessories business is expected to return to growth  driven by the new RIG headsets and the range of racing wheels for consoles.Bigben Interactive – Audio-Video/Telco: Update on the ongoing conciliation procedure and business outlookAs part of the conciliation proceedings initiated for the benefit of the Company by judgment of the Commercial Court of Lille Métropole on March 4  2026  discussions are continuing with financial creditors in order to reach a favorable outcome for all parties with a view to restructuring the Company's debt.The Company will ensure that the market is kept informed of the outcome of the negotiations.In terms of outlook  in the Mobile Accessories sector  Bigben will continue to diversify and expand its distribution network.The Force ranges® will be renewed and expanded  particularly with the launch of lines dedicated to laptops  in a context marked by the gradual phasing out of original chargers.The development strategy for fiscal year 2026-2027 will be presented during the publication of the 2025-2026 annual results.Upcoming events:Release of 2025-2026 fiscal year results and Q1 2026/2027 revenue the 20 July 2026 (after market close)ABOUT BIGBEN INTERACTIVEIFRS REVENUE 2025-2026: €284.5MHEADCOUNTMore than 1 300 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in over 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben is a European player in video game publishing  the design and distribution of mobile and gaming accessories  as well as audio-video products. Recognized for its innovation capabilities and creativity  the group aims to become one of the European leaders in each of its markets.Company listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment B – Index: CAC Mid & Small – Eligible for SRD longISIN: FR 0000074072; Reuters: BIGPA; Bloomberg: BIGFPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 00Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.3,0.49,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', 'BIGBEN', 'Q4', 'SALES', 'video game development studio', 'motion capture creation entity', 'high comparison basis', 'favourable market conditions', 'higher value-added segments', 'draft recovery plan', 'Judicial reorganisation proceedings', 'mobile accessory market', 'depth strategic review', 'sustainable operating model', 'full financial year', 'previous fiscal years', 'strong release schedule', 'previous financial year', 'The Back Catalogue', 'Lille Métropole', 'two other subsidiaries', 'full fiscal year', '2025-2026 fiscal year', 'Mobile Accessories segment', 'The Commercial Court', 'Unaudited figures Increase', 'Games segment sales', 'Sales 1st quarter', 'strong sales growth', 'judicial liquidation', 'The Banished™', 'strong demand', 'Press Release', 'mobile business', 'thorough review', 'sustainable improvements', 'previous quarter', 'Accessories division', 'Catalogue sales', 'Bigben Interactive', 'slight decrease', 'smaller proportion', 'initial forecasts', 'GFK source', 'significant expansion', 'continued success', 'Force® brand', 'good restocking', 'different channels', 'Thomson range', 'significant provisions', 'non-recurring adjustments', 'annual results', 'rigorous approach', 'operational dynamics', 'transformation strategy', 'Redressement judiciaire', 'significant effort', 'cost structure', 'agile organisation', 'structural efficiency', 'liquidation judiciaire', 'French subsidiaries', 'near future', 'KYLOTONN studios', 'consolidated sales', 'sales revenue', 'annual sales', 'stable sales', 'sales prospects', 'Bigben Audio-Video', 'new games', 'Audio-video business', 'Catalogue activity', '2nd quarter', '3rd Quarter', '4th Quarter', 'same quarter', 'US tariffs', 'same period', 'impairments losses', 'launch projects', 'Nacon Gaming', 'NACON TECH', 'ongoing restructuring', 'NACON Lesquin', '55.3 M', '160.8 M', 'Audio-Video/Telco', '5.0% increase', 'May', 'Q4', 'ALMOST', 'OUTPERFORMANCE', 'OUTLOOK', 'ISIN', 'Company', 'April', 'March', 'IFRS', 'Change', 'June', 'July', 'September', 'October-December', 'January', '12 months', 'Styx', 'Blades', 'Greed™', 'Dragonkin', 'impact', 'elements', 'turnover', 'volume', 'distribution', 'ranges', 'group', 'assets', 'subsidiary', 'goodwill', 'part', 'prudent', 'evaluation', 'continuation', 'refocusing', 'opening', 'benefit', 'hearing', 'activities', 'process', 'investments', 'context', 'resizing', 'workforce', 'initiative', 'SPIDERS', 'CYANIDE', '00', '4,5']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296985/0/en/Press-Release-ATS-phase-2-data-demonstrate-the-superiority-of-efdoralprin-alfa-over-a-standard-of-care-augmentation-therapy-in-achieving-higher-fAAT-levels-in-AATD.html,Press Release: ATS: phase 2 data demonstrate the superiority of efdoralprin alfa over a standard-of-care augmentation therapy in achieving higher fAAT levels in AATD,ATS: phase 2 data demonstrate the superiority of efdoralprin alfa over a standard-of-care augmentation therapy in achieving higher fAAT levels in AATD ...,"ATS: phase 2 data demonstrate the superiority of efdoralprin alfa over a standard-of-care augmentation therapy in achieving higher fAAT levels in AATDData from the head-to-head study show efdoralprin alfa normalized and maintained functional AAT levels in people living with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiencyEfdoralprin alfa is a recombinant protein distinct from plasma-derived therapy  which has been the standard-of-care for nearly 40 yearsParis  May 18  2026. Data from the global ElevAATe phase 2 study (clinical study identifier: NCT05856331) demonstrated superiority of investigational efdoralprin alfa over standard-of-care therapy in achieving and maintaining normalized functional alpha-1 antitrypsin (fAAT) levels in adult patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (AATD)-related emphysema. These results are being presented today at the 2026 American Thoracic Society (ATS) International Conference in Orlando  FL  US.Efdoralprin alfa  dosed every three weeks (Q3W)  achieved mean increases in fAAT trough levels more than three times greater than plasma-derived protein (pdAAT) dosed weekly (Q1W)  meeting the primary endpoint (p<0.0001). All key secondary endpoints in the study were also met (p<0.0001)  highlighting the potential for efdoralprin alfa to be the first therapy to sustain normal fAAT levels for patients and do so with less frequent dosing. In patients dosed Q3W  fAAT levels remained above the normal threshold (23.8 μM) for 100% of days during the 32-week study compared to 41% of days in patients on a standard-of-care augmentation therapy.AATD is an underdiagnosed  rare genetic condition that can cause considerable respiratory illness and is characterized by low levels or absence of AAT  a protein designed to protect the lungs from damaging inflammation. Without adequate fAAT levels  patients often experience progressive deterioration of the lung tissue and may develop emphysema  the most common form of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)  accounting for up to 72% of deaths in people with AATD. An estimated 90% of individuals with AATD are believed to be undiagnosed.“AATD presents a persistent clinical challenge. Widespread lack of awareness of the condition as a genetic cause of some forms of COPD leaves many patients under-served. Without treatment to address the underlying AAT protein deficiency  these patients are unable to maintain protective protein levels and become vulnerable to progressive lung disease ” said Igor Barjaktarevic  MD  PhD  Associate Professor  David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA  Los Angeles  CA  US and principal investigator on the ElevAATe phase 2 study. “The ElevAATE data suggest efdoralprin alfa  through its mechanism of action  may be able to restore normal AAT levels and keep patients in that range for longer than the standard-of-care therapy  helping to address an unmet need of this disease with a restorative recombinant approach.”The ElevAATe phase 2 studyThe ElevAATe phase 2 study was a double-blind  randomized study evaluating efdoralprin alfa versus a standard-of-care augmentation therapy in patients with AATD-related emphysema. ​Ninety-seven patients were randomized 2:2:1 to receive efdoralprin alfa every three or four weeks  or plasma-derived augmentation therapy once weekly.The following results are being shared today:Efdoralprin alfa Q3W Efdoralprin alfa Q4W Plasma-derived augmentation therapy Q1W Primary endpoint Mean change in average serum fAAT trough concentrations from baseline to steady state at week 32*24.1μM[22.8μM  25.3μM]p<0.0001 16.8μM[15.5μM  18.1μM]p<0.0001 7.6μM[6.0μM  9.3μM]Key secondary endpoints Mean change in serum fAAT average concentrations from baseline to steady state at week 32*32.9μM[31.7μM  34.2μM]p<0.0001 26.0μM[24.6μM  27.3μM]p<0.000117.9μM[16.2μM  19.6μM] Percentage of days that steady state fAAT levels were above the lower limit of the normal range at week 32** 100%p<0.0001 89.3%p<0.0001 40.8%*Least square mean change; [95% confidence interval].** Normal range for functional AAT = 23.8-42.4 uM.Q4W: every four weeks.Efdoralprin alfa was well tolerated with a safety profile comparable to pdAAT  with no participants experiencing treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) leading to permanent discontinuation of study intervention. The most common TEAEs in the efdoralprin alfa Q3W  efdoralprin alfa Q4W and pdAAT therapy arms were COPD exacerbations (34.1%  42.1% and 44.4%  respectively)  headache (19.5%  13.2% and 11.1%  respectively)  and COVID-19 infection (17.1%  2.6% and 16.7%  respectively). Notably  the incidence of grade ≥2 COPD exacerbations  which were captured as an adverse event of special interest in the ElevAATe study  were numerically lower for the efdoralprin alfa Q3W arm (26.8%) versus the efdoralprin alfa Q4W (42.1%) and pdAAT (44.4%) arms. Efdoralprin alfa anti-drug antibodies were detected in two participants and were transient and non-neutralizing.“The data demonstrate efdoralprin alfa  a restorative recombinant therapy designed to achieve a longer half-life than standard of care augmentation therapy  has the potential to raise and sustain fAAT levels within normal range with less frequent dosing. This could represent an important advancement in the treatment of AATD-related emphysema  offering patients new hope in a disease state where innovation has been limited over the past 40 years ” said Christopher Corsico  Global Head of Development at Sanofi.Sanofi is engaging with global regulatory authorities on the appropriate next steps for efdoralprin alfa. Efdoralprin alfa was granted fast track designation and orphan drug designation in the US and orphan designation in the EU. Additional long-term safety and efficacy outcomes are being evaluated in the ElevAATe OLE phase 2 study (clinical study identifier: NCT05897424).Efdoralprin alfa is currently in clinical development  and its safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority.About efdoralprin alfaEfdoralprin alfa is a recombinant human AAT-Fc fusion protein being investigated as a restorative therapy in adults with AATD emphysema  with Q3W or Q4W dosing. This investigational treatment  designed to achieve a longer half-life than plasma-derived augmentation therapy  is being studied to restore and maintain fAAT levels to the normal range and inhibit neutrophil elastase and other proteases that can cause lung tissue damage in patients with AATD.About AATDAATD is a rare  inherited disorder characterized by low levels or absence of AAT  a protein produced by the liver that protects the lungs from inflammation and damage. The disease causes progressive deterioration of the tissue of the lungs and liver. Without adequate AAT levels  affected individuals often experience lung damage and develop COPD  including emphysema  and in severe forms of the disease patients can sometimes require lung transplantation. Plasma-derived therapies were introduced in 1987 to treat the condition but since then  no new treatment approaches have become available to patients. About 235 000 people worldwide live with AATD  with nearly 100 000 people in the US  but about 90% of individuals with AATD are likely undiagnosed.About SanofiSanofi is an R&D driven  AI-powered biopharma company committed to improving people’s lives and delivering compelling growth. We apply our deep understanding of the immune system to invent medicines and vaccines that treat and protect millions of people around the world  with an innovative pipeline that could benefit millions more. Our team is guided by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives; this inspires us to drive progress and deliver positive impact for our people and the communities we serve  by addressing the most urgent healthcare  environmental  and societal challenges of our time.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | +33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | +33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | +1 617 356 4751 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | +1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comLéa Ubaldi | +33 6 30 19 66 46 | lea.ubaldi@sanofi.comEkaterina Pesheva | +1 410 926 6780 | ekaterina.pesheva@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comKeita Browne | + 1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comNina Goworek | +1 908 569 7086 | nina.goworek@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comYun Li | +33 6 84 00 90 72 | yun.li3@sanofi.comSanofi forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future events and economic performance. Words such as “expect ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend ” “estimate ” “plan ” “can ” “contemplate ” “could ” “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “potential ” “objective ” ""attempt "" “target ” “project ” ""strategy "" ""strive "" ""desire "" “predict ” “forecast ” “ambition ” “guideline ” ""seek "" “should ” “will ” ""goal "" or the negative of these  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the U.S Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates; the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful; unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally; authorities’ decisions regarding whether and when to approve a product candidate; political pressure in the United States to mandate lower drug prices including “most favored nation” pricing for State Medicaid programs; the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives; Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general; risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation; trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the French Markets Authority (AMF) made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2025 or contained in our periodic reports on Form 6-K. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. In light of these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained herein.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group.Attachment",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,negative,0.06,0.17,0.77,True,English,"['care augmentation therapy', 'higher fAAT levels', 'Press Release', 'phase 2 data', 'efdoralprin alfa', 'ATS', 'superiority', 'standard', 'AATD', 'average serum fAAT trough concentrations', 'Efdoralprin alfa Q4W Plasma-derived augmentation therapy', 'serum fAAT average concentrations', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'global ElevAATe phase 2 study', 'Efdoralprin alfa anti-drug antibodies', 'The ElevAATe phase 2 study', 'Least square mean change', 'underlying AAT protein deficiency', 'efdoralprin alfa Q3W arm', 'steady state fAAT levels', 'fAAT trough levels', 'alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency', 'higher fAAT levels', 'adequate fAAT levels', '2026 American Thoracic Society', 'key secondary endpoints', 'less frequent dosing', 'considerable respiratory illness', 'persistent clinical challenge', 'David Geffen School', 'restorative recombinant approach', 'restorative recombinant therapy', 'care augmentation therapy', 'clinical study identifier', 'double-blind, randomized study', 'functional alpha-1 antitrypsin', 'recombinant protein distinct', 'The ElevAATE data', 'treatment-emergent adverse events', 'normal fAAT levels', 'investigational efdoralprin alfa', 'protective protein levels', 'functional AAT levels', 'ATS) International Conference', 'normal AAT levels', 'progressive lung disease', 'rare genetic condition', 'grade ≥2 COPD exacerbations', 'Q1W Primary endpoint', 'pdAAT therapy arms', 'AATD)-related emphysema', 'plasma-derived therapy', 'ElevAATe study', 'fAAT) levels', 'plasma-derived protein', 'care therapy', 'phase 2 data', 'first therapy', 'low levels', 'head study', '32-week study', 'study intervention', 'mean increases', 'progressive deterioration', 'lung tissue', 'genetic cause', 'normal threshold', 'normal range', 'damaging inflammation', 'common form', 'Widespread lack', 'Igor Barjaktarevic', 'Associate Professor', 'Los Angeles', 'principal investigator', 'unmet need', 'AATD-related emphysema', 'lower limit', 'safety profile', 'permanent discontinuation', 'COVID-19 infection', 'special interest', 'longer half', 'following results', 'common TEAEs', 'two participants', 'adult patients', 'many patients', 'Ninety-seven patients', 'superiority', 'standard', 'people', '40 years', 'Paris', 'May', 'normalized', 'Orlando', 'potential', '23.8 μM', 'days', 'absence', 'lungs', 'deaths', 'individuals', 'awareness', 'forms', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Medicine', 'UCLA', 'mechanism', 'action', 'baseline', '24.1μM', '9μM', 'Percentage', '4 uM', 'headache', 'incidence', '25.', '9.', '34.2μ', '27.3']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/18/3296842/0/en/Banijay-Group-Q1-2026-results.html,Banijay Group: Q1 2026 results,Press Release                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Paris  18 May…,"Press Release Paris  18 May 2026First quarter 2026 ResultsSOLID START TO THE YEAR  2026 GUIDANCE CONFIRMEDSTRONG DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTHIN SPORTS BETTING & GAMING AND IN LIVE EXPERIENCESM&A EXECUTION:TIPICO ACQUISITION COMPLETED  ALL3MEDIA COMBINATION ON TRACKQ1 2026 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS1Revenue up +9.0% to €1 147.5 millionto €1 147.5 million Adjusted EBITDA up +5.4% to €196.6 million and +11.3% excluding betting tax increase in Franceto €196.6 million and excluding betting tax increase in France Adjusted net income up +18.1% reported to €56.9 millionreported to €56.9 million Adjusted free cash flow up +7.7% reported at €161.4 million with a conversion rate of 82% Leverage & liquidity: 2.7x leverage ratio (stable vs. end 2025) and a €423.6 million cash positionreported at €161.4 million with aQ1 2026 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS1Sports betting & GamingRevenue up +17.3% to €433.1 million fuelled by +20% growth in Unique Active Players (UAP)Strong performance in sportsbook revenue  up +14.4% at €326.5 million  driven by sustained player engagement; despite adverse sports results during international and national football competitionsCasino  poker & turf revenue up +27.0%  reflecting strong performance of recent developments  including the successful roll-out of new proprietary online poker platform in France and the launch of online casino in Côte d’Ivoire in early 2025Entertainment & LiveRevenue up +4.5% to €714.5 million  driven by strong momentum in Live experiencesLive experiences & other: remarkable contribution with revenue up +101.5% underpinned by the production of Milano Cortina Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony and the continued strong performance of Luminiscence in France and abroadin France and abroad Content production & distribution revenue down (6.4)%  reflecting phasing effects expected to normalise by year-end  with production deliveries weighted toward the latter part of the year and a strong Q1 in distribution  including a format sale2026 GUIDANCE CONFIRMEDAdjusted EBITDA growth: mid-single-digit growth (both on a standalone and pro forma 2 basis) and mid-to-high single digit growth  excluding the impact of the betting tax increase in France(both on a standalone and pro forma basis) and mid-to-high single digit growth  excluding the impact of the betting tax increase in France Adjusted Free cash flow conversion: c.80% of Adjusted EBITDAFrançois Riahi  CEO of Banijay Group  said:“We are enjoying a solid start to 2026  supported by strong momentum across our Sports betting & Gaming and Live activities  as we look ahead to a year marked by major sporting events  important strategic developments and transformative M&A.Sports betting & Gaming continues to deliver strong growth  driven by ongoing product innovation and a +20% increase in Unique Active Players  the key commercial KPI. This demonstrates the strength of our product and customer proposition  and we are well positioned ahead of this summer’s FIFA World Cup.This quarter also demonstrated solid execution across all fronts of our strategy — from the outstanding performance of our Live business  demonstrating the success of our diversification strategy  to key milestones in our content production roadmap  including landmark shows in sports and English-language content  and meaningful new partnerships across our digital segments.2026 also marks a transformative year for Banijay Group. Following the closing of the Tipico acquisition  we are also progressing well toward completing the combination of Banijay Entertainment with All3Media expected in the summer 2026. Together  these transactions will significantly strengthen our scale  international footprint and IP capabilities across content  Live experiences and Sports betting & Gaming.These solid Q1 results allow us to confirm our 2026 guidance and remain focused on executing our strategy to deliver sustainable growth and value creation for shareholders.”*****Banijay Group will be hosting a conference call for its Q1 2026 results.Monday  May 18  2026  at 6:00 PM CETWebcast live:You can watch the presentation on the following link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/k2qwfy57Dial-in Access telephone numbers:You need to register to the following link :https://register-conf.media-server.com/register/BI620750a5ea914797bc0d2a5eda26a8beSlides related to Q1 2026 results are available on the Group’s website  in the “Investor relations” section:https://group.banijay.com/results-center/KEY FINANCIALS IN Q1 2026€m Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % reported change % constant currency & current scope3 Revenue 1 084.5 1 147.5 5.8% 9.0% Adjusted EBITDA 190.6 196.6 3.1% 5.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 17.6% 17.1% Net income/(loss) for the period 35.9 32.0 (10.9)% Adjusted net income4 48.1 56.9 18.1% Adjusted free cash flow 149.9 161.4 7.7% Free cash flow conversion rate 78.7% 82.1% For the twelve-month period ended 31 Dec 2025 31 March 2026 Net financial debt (reported) 2 573 2 589 Net financial debt / Adjusted EBITDA LTM 2.7x 2.7xRefer to the Appendix for definitionQ1 2026 KEY EVENTSSuccessful financing of Tipico acquisitionOn 21 January 2026  Banijay Gaming announced the successful pricing of a Senior Secured Notes and Term Loan Facilities euros and dollars offering as part of the €3 139 million financing. The financing package comprised:€1 000 million in senior secured notes due in 2031 with a coupon of 5.125%€1 500 million term loan B facility maturing in 2031  priced and bearing interest at a rate of three-month EURIBOR plus a 3.000% margin. Banijay Gaming entered into two rate swaps instruments to hedge 100% of the debt variable rate against a rate at 2.36%$750 million term loan B facility maturing in 2031  priced and bearing interest at a rate of SOFR plus a 2.750% margin. Banijay Gaming entered into two interest-rate and currency hedging instruments. The two cross currency swaps have two main objectives: (i) to hedge the risk of fluctuations in the EUR/USD exchange rate (Fx. Rate per Eur. of c. $1.1731) and (ii) to lock the variable rate with a fixed rate of 5.2506%additional €70 million (equivalent) multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility.The proceeds of this financing  together with rollover equity and cash on the balance sheet have been used to (i) finance the acquisition of a share capital of Tipico Group Limited  (ii) refinance some of Tipico Group Limited's existing debt and (iii) pay certain costs  fees and expenses incurred  notably in connection with the acquisition.Announcement of a strategic partnership to combine Banijay Entertainment and All3MediaOn 3 March 2026  Banijay Group and RedBird IMI  the joint venture backed by RedBird Capital Partners and Abu Dhabi-based IMI media group  announced a strategic partnership to combine Banijay Entertainment and All3Media  to create a global media and entertainment powerhouse.The new company will be called Banijay and will be jointly owned by Banijay Group and RedBird IMI  with each holding a 50% stake. Banijay Group (AMS: BNJ) will continue to consolidate the new company’s earnings. The proposed transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals and to the approval of the next Annual General Meeting and is expected to close during summer 2026.Strategic updateOn 26 March 2026  in the context of the significant Group’s transformation in scale and positioning within the entertainment industry through two major transformative operations  Banijay Group presented a strategic update with new guidance for the 2026-2029 period:Strong adjusted EBITDA growth: >7% CAGR 2025PF 5 -2029 for Banijay Group with c.10% expected for Sports betting & Gaming and mid-single digit for Entertainment & Livewith c.10% expected for Sports betting & Gaming and mid-single digit for Entertainment & Live Double-digit Adjusted Earnings Per Share 6 growth   CAGR 2025PF 5 -2029  CAGR 2025PF -2029 High adjusted free cash flow conversion: >80% over the periodover the period Robust adjusted operating free cash flow conversion: c.65% over the periodProgressive dividend increase: >10% 7 CAGR 2025- 2029CAGR 2025- 2029 Solid deleveraging towards c.2x net debt / adjusted EBITDA expected by 2029POST Q1 2026 EVENTSClosing of Tipico acquisitionOn 23 April 2026  Banijay Group completed the acquisition of Tipico. This combination unites three strong brands: Betclic  Tipico  and Admiral  with leading positions across six key markets  including Germany  France  Portugal  Austria  Poland  and Côte d’Ivoire.The combination of Betclic and Tipico marks a significant milestone for Banijay Group  reinforcing its position as a natural consolidator of the entertainment industry and creating a European champion in sports betting and online gaming.Following this combination  the Sports betting & Gaming activity expects to double its revenue  adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash-flow  and synergies are expected to reach c.€100 million over the mid-term  including c.€70 million opex synergies and c.€30 million capex.Banijay Entertainment acquires global format rights to Stop The TrainBanijay Entertainment has acquired the global format right to Stop The Train  a YouTube-born concept created by Squeezie  a popular French YouTuber. This strategic move strengthens the Group’s digital capabilities and reinforces its ability to identify and scale high-potential IP originating from new platforms. Leveraging its global production footprint  Banijay Entertainment aims to adapt and roll out the format internationally  further bridging the gap between digital-native content and mainstream entertainment.Banijay Live Studio unveils The Black Mirror ExperienceBanijay Live has announced the launch of The Black Mirror Experience  an immersive live format inspired by the globally acclaimed series Black Mirror. Developed by Banijay Live Studio  the concept expands the Group’s strategy of adapting premium IP into experiential formats  offering audiences interactive storytelling experiences. The experience will premiere in Montreal at the end of May 2026  followed by its first European stop in Madrid in June 2026  with further locations set to follow  and has been selected for the Cannes Immersive Competition.------------------Free float and stock liquidityConsistent with past statements and strategy  Banijay Group remains committed to broadening its free float to support enhanced liquidity and a more diversified investor base. Banijay Group is constantly evaluating a range of options to achieve this objective  subject to prevailing market conditions.Middle East conflictThe Group is closely monitoring developments related to the ongoing geopolitical tensions in the Middle East. The Group has limited exposure to the region  primarily through its Entertainment & Live activities. For the year ended 31 December 2025  revenues generated in the Middle East amounted to approximately €150 million  representing 3.1% of total consolidated revenue.The Group is monitoring the situation and  at this stage  do not expect any material impact on its guidance.GovernanceOn 18 May 2026  Anthony Stent Torriani has been appointed as Independent Board member and member of the Audit Committee. He replaces Albert Manzone who resigned.PROFIT & LOSS – Q1 2026In € million Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % reported change Revenue 1 084.5 1 147.5 5.8% Total external and personnel expenses (885.4) (942.2) 6.4% External expenses (600.2) (687.6) 14.6% Personnel expenses excluding LTIP & employment-related earn-out & option expenses (285.2) (254.6) (10.7)% Other operating income & expenses excl. restructuring costs & other non-recurring items (7.4) (8.5)14.7%Depreciation and amortization expenses net of reversals related to fiction and other operational provisions (1.1) (0.2) Adjusted EBITDA 190.6 196.6 3.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 17.6% 17.1% (2.5)% Restructuring costs and other non-recurring items (2.5) (22.4) n.m LTIP expenses (22.5) (27.5) 22.3% Employment-related earn-out and option expenses (10.4) (7.6) (27.4)% Depreciation and amortization (excl. D&A fiction and other operational provisions)(33.7) (34.1) 1.2% Operating profit/(loss) 121.4 105.0 (13.5)% Cost of net debt (49.0) (50.6) 3.3% Other finance income/(costs) (9.7) (2.5) n.m Net financial income/(expense) (58.8) (53.1) (9.6)% Share of net income from associates & joint ventures (0.2) (0.5) n.m Earnings before provision for income taxes 62.4 51.3 (17.8)% Income tax expenses (26.6) (19.3) (27.2)% Net income/(loss) for the period 35.9 32.0 (10.9)% Attributable to: Non-controlling interests 3.0 4.3 41.6% Shareholders 32.8 27.7 (15.7)% Restructuring costs and other non-recurring items 2.5 22.4 n.m Other finance income/(costs) 9.7 2.5 n.m Adjusted net income8 48.1 56.9 18.1%CONSOLIDATED REVENUEBanijay Group recorded revenue of €1 147.5 million in Q1 2026  +9.0% growth at constant currencies and current scope9. This breaks down between +17.3% for Sports betting & Gaming and +4.5% for Entertainment & Live.€ million Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % reported change % constant currencies & current scope9 Sportsbook 295.8 326.5 10.4 % 14.4 % Casino 55.9 70.2 25.4 % 28.0 % Poker 23.6 30.3 28.3 % 28.3 % Turf 5.5 6.2 11.1 % 11.1 % Sports betting & Gaming 380.9 433.1 13.7 % 17.3 % Production 568.6 502.2 (11.7)% (9.3)% Distribution 64.4 73.2 13.6 % 20.0 % Live experiences & other 70.5 139.0 97.1 % 101.5 % Entertainment & Live 703.6 714.5 1.5 % 4.5 % TOTAL REVENUE 1 084.5 1 147.5 5.8 % 9.0 %Sports betting & Gaming9:Sports betting & Gaming delivered another quarter of strong growth in Q1 2026 across all products  with revenue up 17.3% to €433.1 million  supported by a +20% increase in Unique Active Players (UAP).Sportsbook revenue increased by +14.4%  driven by sustained player engagement and strong interest in major sporting events during the quarter. This performance was nonetheless affected by adverse results  notably during UEFA Champions League matches  international football friendly and World Cup qualification matches.Casino  poker and turf revenue posted strong growth of +27.0%  reflecting the continued success of recent developments  including strong performance of the proprietary online poker platform rolled out at the end of 2024 and the ramp-up of online casino in Côte d’Ivoire since its launch in early 2025.Entertainment & Live9Entertainment & Live recorded a solid performance in Q1 2026  up +4.5%9. This was fuelled by a strong growth in Live experiences while content production and distribution is expected to normalise throughout the year.Content production and distribution :In Q1 2026  Content production revenue was down (9.3)%10 to €502.2 million  reflecting phasing effects  with deliveries expected to be more weighted toward the end of the year with good visibility.In this context  the Entertainment activity continues to leverage its scale and strong creative capabilities to support its development across key strategic growth areas  including English-language content  sports-related offering and digital.In non-scripted  the launch of Fear Factor: House of Fear marked a successful US reboot  attracting 8.1 million viewers and ranking as the #1 unscripted series among 18–49-year-olds on FOX. In scripted  NCIS: Sydney Season 3 continued to perform on Paramount+  while Half Man  a new series for BBC and HBO launched at the end of April 2026  ranked among the Top 10 TV shows on HBO Max in 48 countries and attracted more than 480 000 overnight viewers on BBC1 for its premiere.Sportainment continues to gain traction  with Motorvalley ranked the #1 series in Italy and #7 non-English series globally on Netflix  and Football Island  a new survival sport format  delivering a strong start in the Netherlands.On the digital side  the Group recently announced the launch of ShowdownTV in Germany  a new direct-to-consumer streaming platform  and two key partnerships: the expansion of the hit series Somebody Feed Phil of Phil Rosenthal on YouTube in 2027 (transition from Netflix to YouTube)  and the acquisition of global format rights to Stop The Train  a YouTube-born format created by content creator Squeezie  to be scaled across Banijay’s global footprint.In content distribution  revenue reached €73.2 million in Q1 2026  up +20.0% compared to Q1 2025  including a format sale and is expected to normalise throughout the year.The number of hours in the catalogue amounts to 228 700 hours at the end of March 2026  an increase of more than 3 000 hours compared to the end of December 2025.Live experiences & other :In Q1 2026  revenue from Live experiences & other doubled year on year  up +101.5% to €139.0 million.This strong growth was driven by the production of the Opening Ceremony of the Milano Cortina Winter Olympic Games  produced by Balich Wonder Studio  and by the remarkable success of Luminiscence  Lotchi’s flagship show in France and abroad. Since its acquisition in early 2025  Lotchi is currently live in six countries. New editions include Hamburg  set to open in July 2026  making it the third city in Germany to host this experience.Banijay Live recently announced the launch of The Black Mirror Experience  that will premiere in Montreal end of May 2026  followed by its first European stop in Madrid in June 2026. The show is produced by Banijay Live Studios in partnership with Univrse  a state-of-the-art VR studio. This premium immersive adventure blends physical space and virtual reality  drawing on the world of the award-winning series Black Mirror. This launch further demonstrates the Group’s ability to monetise IP through innovative experiences.ADJUSTED EBITDAAt constant currencies and current scope11  Banijay Group recorded an Adjusted EBITDA growth of +5.4% at €196.6 million.Adjusted EBITDA - In € million Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % reportedchange % constant currency & current scope11 Sports betting & Gaming 102.2 96.6 (5.4)% (3.8)% Entertainment & Live 90.3 101.8 12.6 % 15.6 % Holding (1.9) (1.8) (6.0)% Adjusted EBITDA 190.6 196.6 3.1 % 5.4 % Sports betting & Gaming 26.8% 22.3% Entertainment & Live 12.8% 14.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 17.6% 17.1%At Group level  total external charges and personnel expenses (excluding LTIP and employment-related earn-out & option expenses) rose by +6.4% year on year on a reported basis in Q1 2026 and +5.2% restated from the negative impact of change in betting tax regulation in France of €(11) million  in line with the revenue trend.Restated for this impact  the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA margin would have increased by 50 basis points to 18.1%.From a business perspective  adjusted EBITDA growth was driven by Entertainment & Live  up +15.6% at constant currencies and current scope11. Sports betting & Gaming EBITDA growth was temporarily affected by the increase in betting taxes in France from July 2025 and would have grown by +7.1% excluding this effect  despite low sports margin.FROM ADJUSTED EBITDA TO NET INCOMEThe Group’s adjusted net income12 grew by +18.1% in Q1 2026 to €56.9 million mainly fuelled by Adjusted EBITDA growth (+3.1% year on year on a reported basis) and lower income tax expenses (down (27.2)% year on year)  following the implementation of the IP Box tax regime in Sports betting & Gaming in 2025.LTIP expenses  now included in the new definition of the adjusted net income  increased by 22.3% to €(27.5) million reflecting the partial recognition of the exceptional charge of c.€(100) million expected for the full year 2026  related to the evolution of top management LTIP in Sports betting & Gaming.Excluding this exceptional item of €(25) million in Q1 2026  LTIP expenses would have declined  in line with the new guidance of LTIP expenses  representing on average 4% of Adjusted EBITDA per year over the 2026-2029 period13.Employment-related earn-out and option expenses decreased by 27.4% to €(7.6)m in Q1 2026.Cost of debt remained stable at €(50.6) million compared to €(49.0) million in Q1 2025.The Group’s net income at €32.0 million  declined by (10.9)% year on year mainly attributable to an increase in restructuring and other non-recurring costs  notably related to M&A transaction fees and reorganisation costs. This effect was partly offset by the decline in other finance costs  (74.1)% year on year  due to the change in fair value of the Put/Earn-out debt and other financial instruments  hedging instruments and currency impact.FREE CASH FLOW AND NET FINANCIAL DEBTThe Group’s Adjusted free cash flow (after capex and lease payments) reached €161.4 million in Q1 2026  up +7.7% year on year  driven by the growth in adjusted EBITDA of +3.1% on a reported basis and capital expenditures decline of (21.3)% reflecting high comparison basis in IP investment in Q1 2025.Adjusted free cash flow conversion after capex and lease payments amounted to 82.1%.The change in working capital requirements of €(102.9) million in Q1 2026 came mostly from cut-off effects  relative to Balich Wonder Studio and betting taxes in Sports betting & Gaming.Income tax paid amounted to €(6.2) million in Q1 2026 compared to €(21.3) million in Q1 2025 reflecting the implementation of the IP Box tax regime in Sports betting & Gaming in 2025.This resulted in an adjusted operating free cash flow of €52.4 million in Q1 2026.€m Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % reportedchange Adjusted EBITDA 190.6 196.6 3.1% Capex (27.7) (21.8) Total cash outflows for leases that are not recognised as rental expenses (12.9) (13.3) Adjusted free cash flow 149.9 161.4 7.7% Change in working capital* (66.9) (102.9) Income tax paid (21.3) (6.2) Adjusted operating free cash flow 61.8 52.4 (15.1)%* Excluding LTIP payment and exceptional items. Fiction in progress has been reclassified from capex and FIP financing (proceeds and repayments of borrowings) to change in working capital requirements.The Group’s net financial debt totaled €2 589 million as of 31 March 2026  stable compared to €2 573 million net debt as of 31 December 2025.As a result  the financial leverage ratio stood at 2.7x as of 31 March 2026  stable compared to 31 December 2025.Agenda :H1 2026 results: 30 July 2026 (after market close)Investor Relationsinvestors@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  an entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer with more than 30 years of experience in the industry. Its mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include Entertainment & Live gathering content production & distribution and live experiences (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer and distributor  which announced in March 2026 that it will combine with All3Media during summer 2026  subject to customary conditions precedent and through Banijay Live  a leading player in Live experiences) and Sports betting & Gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fast-growing sports betting platform  encompassing leading brands including Betclic and since April 2026  Tipico and Admiral).In 2025  Banijay Group recorded on a standalone basis (before Tipico and All3Media operations) revenue of €4.9 billion and Adjusted EBITDA of €961 million. Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).Forward-looking statementsThis communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Some statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking statements”. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that are outside of our control and impossible to predict and may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  estimates  Forecasts  analyses and projections about the industry in which we operate and management's beliefs and assumptions about possible future events. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which only express views as at the date of this press release and are neither predictions nor guarantees of possible future events or circumstances.We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as may be required under applicable securities law.Alternative performance measuresThe financial information in this press release includes non-IFRS financial measures and ratios (e.g. non-IFRS metrics  such as adjusted EBITDA) that are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. The non-IFRS financial measures presented are measures used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and operations and  have therefore not been audited or reviewed. Furthermore  they may not be indicative of the historical operating results  nor are they meant to be predictive of future results. These non-IFRS measures are presented because they are considered important supplementary measurements of Banijay Group N.V.'s (the ""Company"") performance  and we believe that these and similar measures are widely used in the industry in which the Company operates as a way to evaluate a company’s operating performance and liquidity. Not all companies calculate non-IFRS financial measures in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result  these measures and ratios may not be comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar names.Regulated information related to this press release is available on the website:https://group.banijay.com/results-center/https://group.banijay.com/APPENDIXGlossaryAdjusted EBITDA: for a period is defined as the operating profit for that period excluding restructuring costs and other non-core items costs associated with the long-term incentive plan within the Group (the ""LTIP"") and employment related earn-out and option expenses and depreciation and amortization net of reversals (excluding D&A fiction and non-recurring provisions). D&A fiction are costs related to the amortization of fiction production which the Group considers to be operating costs. As a result of the D&A fiction  the depreciation and amortization line item in the Group's combined statement of income deviates from the depreciation and amortization costs in this line item.Adjusted net income (new definition): defined as net income (loss) adjusted for restructuring costs and other non-recurring items and option expenses and other finance income / (costs).Adjusted free cash flow: defined as Adjusted EBITDA adjusted for purchase and disposal of property plant and equipment and of intangible assets and cash outflows for leases that are not recognized as rental expenses.Adjusted operating free cash flow: defined as Adjusted EBITDA adjusted for purchase and disposal of property plant and equipment and of intangible assets cash outflows for leases that are not recognized as rental expenses change  in working capital requirements and income tax paid.Net financial debt: defined as the sum of bonds  bank borrowings  bank overdrafts  accrued interests on bonds and bank borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents  funding of Gardenia  trade receivables on providers  escrow account  cash in trusts and restricted cash  plus players liabilities plus (or minus) the fair value of net derivatives liabilities (or assets) for that period. Net financial debt is pre-IFRS 16.Leverage: Net financial debt / LTM Adjusted EBITDA.Number of Unique Active Players: average number of unique players playing at least once a month in a defined period.Table 1: Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA breakdown by activityRevenue - In € million Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % change % constant currency & current scope 14 Sportsbook 295.8 326.5 10.4% 14.4% Casino 55.9 70.2 25.4% 28.0% Poker 23.6 30.3 28.3% 28.3% Turf 5.5 6.2 11.1% 11.1% Sports betting & Gaming 380.9 433.1 13.7% 17.3%Production568.6502.2(11.7)%(9.3)% Distribution 64.4 73.2 13.6% 20.0% Live experiences & other 70.5 139.0 97.1% 101.5% Entertainment & Live 703.6 714.5 1.5% 4.5% TOTAL REVENUE 1 084.5 1 147.5 5.8% 9.0%Adjusted EBITDA - In € million Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % change % constant currency & current scope14 Sports betting & Gaming 102.2 96.6 (5.4)% (3.8)% Entertainment & Live 90.3 101.8 12.6 % 15.6 % Holding (1.9) (1.8) (6.0)% Adjusted EBITDA 190.6 196.6 3.1 % 5.4 % Sports betting & Gaming 26.8% 22.3% Entertainment & Live 12.8% 14.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 17.6% 17.1%Table 2: Adjusted operating free cash flow by activitySports betting & Gaming Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % reported change Adjusted EBITDA 102.2 96.6 (5.4)% Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 26.8% 22.3% Capex (8.3) (8.7) Total cash outflows for leases that are not recognised as rental expenses (0.9) (0.8) Adjusted free cash flow 93.0 87.2 (6.3)% Change in WC(1) (29.4) (22.9) Income tax paid (7.3) (1.2) Adjusted Operating free cash flow 56.4 63.0 11.9%Entertainment & Live - € million Q1 2025 Q1 2026 % reportedchange Adjusted EBITDA 90.3 101.8 12.6% Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 12.8% 14.2% Capex (19.5) (13.2) Total cash outflows for leases that are not recognised as rental expenses (12.0) (12.5) Adjusted free cash flow 58.9 76.1 29.2% Change in WC(2) (38.7) (82.8) Income tax paid (14.0) (5.4) Adjusted Operating free cash flow 6.2 (12.1) n.m(1) Excludes LTIP payment  exceptional items  trade receivables on providers and players’ liabilities for Sports betting & Gaming(2) Excluding LTIP payment and exceptional items. Fiction in progress has been reclassified from capex and FIP financing (proceeds and repayments of borrowings) to change in working capital requirements.Table 3: Consolidated statement of cash flowsIn € million 31 March 25 31 March 26 Profit/(loss) 35.9 32.0 Adjustments: 152.4 144.7 Share of profit/(loss) of associates and joint ventures 0.2 0.5 Amortization  depreciation  impairment losses and provisions  net of reversals 32.9 34.5 Employee benefits LTIP & employment-related earn-out and option expenses 32.9 35.1 Change in fair value of financial instruments 23.5 (14.5) Income tax expenses 26.6 19.4 Other adjustments(1) (22.1) 18.4 Cost of financial debt and current accounts 58.4 51.2 Gross cash provided by operating activities 188.3 176.7 Changes in working capital (98.8) (163.4) Income tax paid (19.9) (6.2) Net cash flows provided by operating activities 69.6 7.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment and of intangible assets (32.6) (23.6) Purchases of consolidated companies  net of acquired cash and other liabilities related to business combination (8.9) (3.5) Investing in associates and Joint ventures - (0.2) Increase in financial assets (3.6) (1 002.0) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (0.0) 0.0 Proceeds from sales of consolidated companies  after divested cash 1.4 (3.1) Decrease in financial assets 3.5 1.8 Dividends received 0.1 0.0 Net cash provided by/(used for) investing activities (40.1) (1 030.5) Dividends paid - - Dividends paid by consolidated companies to their non-controlling interests (6.6) (1.2) Transactions with non-controling interests (99.4) 5.1 Proceeds from borrowings and other financial liabilities 401.0 996.6 Repayment of borrowings and other financial liabilities (299.9) (21.2) Other cash items related to financial activities - 0.0 Interest paid (30.0) (35.8) Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities (34.8) 943.5 Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates (1.6) 9.6 Net increase/(decrease) of cash and cash equivalents (6.9) (70.3) Net cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 480.9 493.8 Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 473.9 423.6(1) Other adjustments include notably i) unrealized foreign exchange gains; and ii) losses on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries.Table 4: Consolidated balance sheetIn € million 31 December 2025 31 March 2026 ASSETS Goodwill 2 815.3 2 816.7 Intangible assets 250.9 266.1 Right-of-use assets 134.1 148.2 Property  plant and equipment 78.5 76.7 Investments in associates and joint ventures 97.7 98.5 Non-current financial assets 148.2 164.2 Other non-current assets 262.9 279.8 Deferred tax assets 64.7 65.0 Non-current assets 3 852.3 3 915.3 Inventories and work in progress 577.5 577.0 Trade receivables 524.8 572.1 Other current assets 304.7 301.6 Current financial assets 21.6 1 029.3 Cash and cash equivalents 493.9 432.9 Current assets 1 922.5 2 912.8 TOTAL ASSETS 5 774.8 6 828.1 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Share capital 8.1 8.1 Share premiums  treasury shares and retained earnings (deficit) (125.8) (155.0) Net income/(loss) - attributable to shareholders 247.5 27.7 Shareholders' equity 129.8 190.8 Non-controlling interests 14.5 22.0 Total equity 144.2 212.8 Other securities 116.4 116.4 Long-term borrowings and other financial liabilities 2 962.1 3 936.9 Long-term lease liabilities 102.9 117.0 Non-current provisions 31.6 31.1 Other non-current liabilities 362.5 346.4 Deferred tax liabilities 3.7 3.8 Non-current liabilities 3 579.2 4 551.6 Short-term borrowings and bank overdrafts 144.8 156.0 Short-term lease liabilities 48.3 47.0 Trade payables 666.6 625.1 Current provisions 18.0 19.8 Customer contract liabilities 640.2 702.4 Other current liabilities 533.5 513.5 Current liabilities 2 051.4 2 063.8 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 5 774.8 6 828.1Table 5: IFRS consolidated net financial debtIn € million 31 December 2025 31 March 2026 Bonds 874.0 1 859.2 Bank borrowings and other 2 151.8 2 132.9 Bank overdrafts 0.1 9.2 Accrued interests on bonds and bank borrowings 30.5 52.3 Total bank indebtedness 3 056.5 4 053.6 Cash and cash equivalents (493.9) (432.9) Funding of Gardenia (64.0) (65.1) Trade receivables on providers (37.6) (66.9) Players' liabilities 69.1 71.7 Escrow account - (1 003.1) Cash in trusts and restricted cash (0.3) (0.4) Net cash and cash equivalents (526.6) (1 496.5) Net debt before derivatives effects 2 529.9 2 557.1 Derivatives - liabilities 45.7 38.4 Derivatives - assets (2.7) (6.7) Net debt 2 572.9 2 588.7Table 6: Cash flow statement31 March 2026 In € million Sports betting & Gaming Entertainment & Live Holding Banijay Group Net cash flow from operating activities 51.9 (45.6) 0.8 7.1 Cash flow (used in)/from investing activities (1 008.6) (21.9) (0.0) (1 030.5) Cash flow (used in)/from financing activities 987.8 (40.0) (4.3) 943.5 Effect of foreign exchange rate differences - 9.6 - 9.6 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 31.1 (97.8) (3.5) (70.3) Cash and cash equivalents as of 1 January 224.5 263.6 5.7 493.8 Cash and cash equivalents as of 31 March 255.5 165.8 2.2 423.631 March 2025 In € million Sports betting & Gaming Entertainment & Live Holding Banijay Group Net cash flow from operating activities 68.6 22.5 (21.6) 69.6 Cash flow (used in)/from investing activities (7.0) (32.7) (0.4) (40.1) Cash flow (used in)/from financing activities (3.2) (49.2) 17.6 (34.8) Effect of foreign exchange rate differences - (1.6) - (1.6) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 58.5 (61.0) (4.4) (6.9) Cash and cash equivalents as of 1 January 188.8 271.2 20.8 480.9 Cash and cash equivalents as of 31 March 247.3 210.2 16.5 473.9Table 7: Sports betting & Gaming (Banijay Gaming): Net financial debt as of 31 March 2026At Banijay Gaming level: In € million 31 Dec. 2025 31 Mar. 2026 Total Bank Borrowings 600 1 600 Cash in bank (224) (1 254) Total net financial debt (Term Loan B definition) 376 346 Ratios at Banijay Gaming level (Term Loan B definition) : Leverage ratio 0.86 0.80Banijay Gaming contribution at Banijay Group N.V level: In € million 31 Dec. 2025 31 Mar. 2026 Total net financial debt (Term Loan B definition) 376 346 Transaction costs amortization  accrued interests and derivatives (3) (24) Trade receivables on providers and Players' liabilities 32 5 Total net financial debt at Banijay Group level 404 327Table 8: Entertainment & Live (Banijay Entertainment): Net financial debt as of 31 March 2026At Banijay Entertainment level: In € million 31 Dec. 2025 31 Mar. 2026 Total Secured Debt (OM definition) 2 282 2 314 Other debt 357 334 SUN - - Total Debt 2 639 2 648 Net Cash (264) (166) Fair value hedge derivative 43 32 Total net financial debt (excl. Earn-out & PUT) 2 418 2 514 EO & PUT 128 129 Total net financial debt (incl earn-out & PUT) 2 547 2 643 Ratios at Banijay Entertainment level: Leverage Ratio  as presented 4.28 4.40 Adjusted Leverage Ratio  as presented 4.51 4.63 Senior secured net leverage ratio 3.80 3.99 Cash conversion rate – Banijay Entertainment definition* 66% 65%Banijay Entertainment contribution at Banijay Group level: In € million 31 Dec. 2025 31 Mar. 2026 Total net financial debt (excl. Earn-out & PUT) 2 418 2 514 Transaction costs amortization and other (19) (18) Lease debt (IFRS 16) (141) (154) Total net financial debt at Banijay Group level 2 259 2 342 Derivatives - - Total net financial debt at Banijay Group level after derivatives 2 259 2 342Leverage ratio: total Net financial debt / (Adj EBITDA + shareholder fees + proforma impact from acquisitions)Adjusted leverage ratio: total net financial debt including earn-out and puts / LTM (Adjusted EBITDA + shareholder fees + proforma impact from acquisitions)Senior secured net leverage ratio: total Senior Secured Notes + Earn-out – Cash / (Adjusted EBITDA + shareholder fees + proforma impact from acquisitions)* Based on free cash flow as defined as follows: Adjusted EBITDA + change in working capital– income tax paid – capex1 Growth at constant exchange rates and restated from 2025 contribution of Bet-at-Home and H2O2 Pro forma guidance including 12 months of Tipico Group & All3Media in 2025PF (unaudited figures) and in 2026PF  combination with All3Media subject to customary regulatory approvals and to the approval of the next Annual General Meeting3 Growth at constant exchange rates and restated from 2025 contribution of Bet-at-Home and H2O4 New definition of adjusted net income: total net income  excluding restructuring & non-recurring costs and other finance income / (costs)5 2025 Proforma: including 12 months of Tipico Group & All3Media  unaudited figures6 Adjusted EPS: Net income  excluding restructuring & non-recurring costs and other finance income and cost  attributable to shareholders / weighted average number of Ordinary Shares outstanding7 Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. CAGR calculated based on €0.35/share ordinary dividend in 2025  excluding the exceptional dividend8 New definition: net income (loss) adjusted for restructuring costs and other non-recurring items and option expenses and other finance income / (costs).9 Revenue growth is at constant currencies and restated from 2025 contribution Bet-at-Home and H2O10 Revenue growth is at constant currencies and restated from 2025 contribution H2O11 At constant currencies and restated from 2025 contribution Bet-at-Home and H2O12 New definition of adjusted net income: total net income  excluding restructuring & non-recurring costs and other finance income / (costs)13 Excluding exceptional 2026 LTIP14 At constant currencies and restated from 2025 contribution Bet-at-Home and H2OAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.3,0.09,True,English,"['Banijay Group', 'Q1 2026 results', 'Milano Cortina Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony', 'new proprietary online poker platform', 'Free cash flow conversion rate', 'high single digit growth', '2026 GUIDANCE CONFIRMED Adjusted EBITDA growth', 'STRONG DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH', 'meaningful new partnerships', '€423.6 million cash position', 'Unique Active Players', 'national football competitions', 'Côte d', 'pro forma 2 basis', 'pro forma basis', 'François Riahi', 'major sporting events', 'FIFA World Cup', '6:00 PM CET Webcast', 'Access telephone numbers', 'Investor relations” section', 'M&A EXECUTION', 'important strategic developments', 'transformative M&A.', 'key commercial KPI', 'Net financial debt', 'betting tax increase', '2.7x leverage ratio', 'ongoing product innovation', 'current scope3 Revenue', 'First quarter 2026 Results', 'adverse sports results', 'Q1 2026 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS1', 'content production roadmap', 'solid Q1 results', 'strong growth', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS1', 'online casino', 'mid-single-digit growth', 'sustainable growth', 'solid execution', 'recent developments', 'KEY FINANCIALS', 'Q1 2026 results', 'SPORTS BETTING', 'net income', 'strong Q1', 'Live business', 'solid start', 'Strong performance', 'strong momentum', 'EBITDA margin', 'TRACK Q1 2026', 'Press Release', 'TIPICO ACQUISITION', 'player engagement', 'successful roll-out', 'remarkable contribution', 'phasing effects', 'production deliveries', 'latter part', 'format sale', 'customer proposition', 'outstanding performance', 'landmark shows', 'English-language content', 'digital segments', 'IP capabilities', 'value creation', 'conference call', 'following link', 'constant currency', 'France Adjusted', 'sportsbook revenue', 'turf revenue', 'LIVE EXPERIENCES', 'Live activities', 'transformative year', 'Banijay Group', 'international footprint', 'twelve-month period', 'distribution revenue', 'diversification strategy', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'ALL3MEDIA COMBINATION', '+20% growth', '+20% increase', '82% Leverage', 'Paris', '18 May', 'GAMING', 'liquidity', 'end', 'UAP', 'sustained', 'launch', 'Ivoire', 'other', 'continued', 'Luminiscence', 'standalone', 'impact', 'CEO', 'strength', 'summer', 'fronts', 'milestones', 'closing', 'transactions', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'presentation', 'mmc', 'k2qwfy57', 'BI620750a5ea914797bc0d2a5eda26a8be', 'Slides', 'website', 'loss']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,globenewswire.com
56246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/05/18/the-wonderful-ten-day-period-with-tsipras-president-maria-and-nikos-anxiety-dont-be-mad-at-me-my-love-the-behind-the-scenes-of-the-blue-part/,The wonderful ten-day period with Tsipras  “President Maria ” and Nikos’ anxiety (“don’t be mad at me  my love”)  the behind-the-scenes of the blue party conference  and Europe Insurance close to Credia,Hello there  a very interesting week has already begun with the Final Four being hosted in Athens and Olympiacos participating. Best wishes for success — it is  after all  very important for the trophy to be won in Athens. The four teams  Spanish  Turkish  an…,Newsroom May 18 12:37Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello there  a very interesting week has already begun with the Final Four being hosted in Athens and Olympiacos participating. Best wishes for success — it is  after all  very important for the trophy to be won in Athens. The four teams  Spanish  Turkish  and Greek  will stay at the Conrad Athens The Ilisian  while on Thursday Hardalias with Euroleague president Dejan Bodiroga will host a reception at the Stavros Niarchos Foundation Cultural Center for the teams’ presidents and other political and business figures  in the presence of the Prime Minister. The same day  probably earlier  “President Maria” Karystianou (with her doves) will announce her entry into politics from Thessaloniki  where traditionally all more right-leaning parties tend to perform better. In Northern Greece she appears to be sweeping the polls and coming second almost everywhere. The highlights seem to conclude early next week with our beloved Alexis  whom the people can no longer wait to see return for a second time as the “leader born once in 100 years ” as Theano Fotiou once said  who later also made the equally legendary remark about “stuffed vegetables that can feed an entire family out of nothing.” Now that we recall all this  we suffered back then but also had fun with these people — the joy of journalism. Now  on the road to Alexis’ party  Famelos expelled Polakis “for a trivial reason ” who  as he himself noted  holds the record of being expelled by all three SYRIZA leaders. The only solution  as Adonis suggests  is: make your own party and be done with it — why not? Was Zoë any better?PASOK – Nikos anxiety…In PASOK there is also relative anxiety due to the announcement of two new parties  mainly Tsipras’  but also — believe it or not — Karystianou’s. Nikos is worried whether the polls are right and he may end up third  although realistically we will only know in a month or two  and even then with no certainty as summer has arrived. I will repeat that Nikos has a point to be angry about his family property issue  although we have been writing about it since spring 2024 (“the angry Nikos”). The leader of PASOK cannot constantly look like he’s… irritated; that expression fits Polakis or Zoë. He needs something more zen  refined  urban — all PASOK leaders were polite and smiling; even the late Simitis  although “cold ” inspired respect and dignity. As a reporter who moves around and picks up things  I note that the Prime Minister’s office learned about “Nikos’ property” at the same time as readers  maybe half a day earlier at most. Observers noticed that government spokesperson Marinakis was very careful in wording  and Mitsotakis told his circle something like: “this kind of issue doesn’t suit us.” He may also not want to burn bridges completely — who knows.ND conferenceI left the ND conference for later  as you can see  because frankly I followed it only half-heartedly due to professional obligations. Such events are not my favorite topic. In general  the ND conference went smoothly  without surprises  with some internal complaints  but when a party machine is heading toward elections in 3–8 months  everyone focuses on their own interests. Party people want power  and at this moment only Mitsotakis can realistically secure it again. I observed the speeches of the “big names” and “dissenters”; personally  I found Dendias’ speech within the framework of “I am also here.” Nothing offensive  no extremes  but in trying to be recorded he also said something positive about Karamanlis (of Rafina)  referring to “re-founding the state ” which reminds us of the 250 000 public sector hires and the 12% deficit that led us into the memoranda.Elections and platformsStaying with the ND conference: Mitsotakis  who was in the corridors yesterday  seemed in good spirits and kept saying elections will be in 2027  whether people believe it or not. A number of senior officials presented a platform for the future — for example PierraKakis  who left quickly after the vote to attend the G7. His speech was widely discussed because he tried to outline a broader political narrative of the “next Greece ” shifting “from a country of endurance to a country of ambition.” It was one of the few speeches clearly focused on the next decade rather than daily management. Deputy PM Hatzidakis also spoke in a more elevated tone than usual  emphasizing he has been in the party since age 18 and seeks to speak to the entire party base. Keep in mind he will gradually increase interventions.New ND secretaryOne pending issue from the conference is the party secretary  who will be an MP. So far  the favorite is Arta MP Giorgos Stylios  who has reportedly spoken with Mitsotakis. Another name was Deputy Interior Minister Vasilis Spanakis  but he is deeply rooted in his constituency and unlikely to leave electoral battle.Talk about SamarasA major topic in ND corridors was whether Antonis Samaras will form a party  whether it will hurt ND  and whether it will attract voters from smaller right-wing parties. Opinions were divided  but the speech of his lawyer and close associate Dimitris Giannos did not go unnoticed: he said the expulsion should be revoked and corrected as a “mistake ” and that this cannot happen through intermediaries but only through direct communication. It is understood Samaras was aware of the speech.Polakis’ counterattackSomeone close to Pavlos Polakis said he is preparing to “unload” soon and speak extensively. Most of it will not concern Famelos  but rather Tsipras  who is preparing his political comeback. He will wait a little and then the “carving” begins — so we are in for an interesting period.Credia near Europe InsuranceThere are discussions that CrediaBank and Europe Insurance are close to an agreement  adding another piece to the puzzle of partnerships between banks and insurance companies. Credia has shown interest in insurance for some time to strengthen its bancassurance activities  alongside moves in wealth management. Europe Holdings had previously denied a partnership with a bank  but those reports concerned Optima. In any case  communication channels between Credia and Europe exist  and a deal would make strategic sense — we will see how close they eventually get.Piraeus Bank increases its stake in SnappiPiraeus Bank is significantly increasing its stake in Snappi from 55% to 68%  while the stake of the project’s other major shareholder  Natech  is correspondingly reduced. It is well known that the CEO of Piraeus Bank  Christos Megalou  has strong belief in the neobank and considers that shareholders  in not too long a time from now  will have the opportunity to reap significant profits from the venture. For the time being  the neobank  which has broken the barrier of 100 000 customers and is aiming to serve the next milestone (150 000 customers)  is making substantial investments as it is in a growth phase and therefore requires capital  while it is expected to move into profitability in about two years. Piraeus Bank  as reflected in its participation  is supporting it continuously. As for Natech  it remains a strategic shareholder in Snappi  although it does not appear to wish to expand its investment.Recovery Fund loansWithout a doubt  the gap regarding the resources of RRF loans  among other things  is due to the fact that many rushed at the last minute to submit applications to the banks  despite the fact that the programme had been running for a long time beforehand. Bankers express their concern  noting that we are people of the last moment  worrying that applicants for the conversion of their loans from Swiss franc to euro may also start submitting mass applications as the deadline approaches. And the problem in such a scenario is that the deadline falls in the height of summer  when a large part of bank staff handling applications will already be on holiday. For debtors in categories 1–3  applications can be submitted until 19.08.2026  while for category 4 (i.e. without criteria)  debtors can submit until 19.06.2026. For now  the flow of applications remains stable  and conversion applications have been submitted by 30% of eligible borrowers. Market circles  however  say that the Swiss franc loan in the future—both near and distant—regardless of its current course  will be at high levels  as it constitutes and will continue to constitute a safe-haven currency.Extension for BYLOT – EvokeThe processes for the acquisition of Evoke by Bally’s Intralot are at an advanced stage. Discussions with all involved parties regarding the submission of a takeover offer are well progressed; however  given the size and scope of the deal  more time will be required. Thus  the deadline set for today  18/5  for submitting or not submitting an offer is expected to be extended. Bally’s Intralot had announced on 20/4 that it is considering acquiring Evoke  the parent company of William Hill and 888  which carries net debt of approximately £1.8 billion  or five times its operating profitability. High leverage  increased taxation on online gambling in the UK  and market slowdown have worsened Evoke’s situation  and despite improvements in EBITDA  net debt remains extremely high  limiting its strategic options. Based on initial announcements  the proposal concerns a price of 50 pence per share  in exchange for an all-share combination with a partial cash alternative  which would value Evoke at approximately £225 million ($304 million).Another cola targeting the Stock ExchangeIt is a soft drink born in remote Orestiada in the Evros region and is now seeking a place on supermarket shelves in Tokyo  Riyadh  and Dubai. Green Cola  the stevia-based cola—which started in 2012 as a Greek innovation during the memorandum era—together with the natural water “Zagori” constitute the two pillars of the Green Beverages Group  a fully Greek business narrative on the verge of entering the Stock Exchange with the aim of international expansion. Turnover of €119 million in 2025  EBITDA of €8.5 million  while the integrated investment programme of €40 million (2021–2025) created new production facilities in Ziria  Corinthia. The target for 2026 is a +10% increase in figures. The group is already discussing with the Stock Exchange management the prospect of listing its shares on Euronext Athens  in order to finance its next expansion phase across three continents. In the Middle East  which already represents 25% of global sales  the agreement with Al Rabie Saudi Foods for Saudi Arabia is in its final stage for local production  while in the United Arab Emirates  Gulf International has taken over exclusive distribution. Local production means “Made in Saudi ” in a market that views all imports with suspicion  especially American ones. In Asia  it signed a licensing agreement with Asahi Soft Drinks  the third-largest player in Japan with a 14% share and €3.3 billion turnover  to simultaneously expand into Japan  Taiwan  and Mongolia. The next step is expansion into Egypt with its 80 million consumers  where the group already has a local bottling network.Another “no” from GencoThe repeated rejection of the takeover proposal for Genco Shipping & Trading by Diana Shipping of Semiramis Paliou  supported by Petros Pappas  does not merely reflect a disagreement over valuation  but is part of a broader dynamic of corporate governance and control. From a market perspective  Diana’s insistence on a price of $23.50 per share  without substantial revision since March  indicates a strategy of steady pressure rather than negotiation. The fact that the offer was turned into a public bid to shareholders  bypassing the board of directors  suggests an intention to shift the battle to the level of power dynamics. Genco’s board  citing net asset value (NAV) above $26 per share  aligns with market estimates and strengthens the argument of undervaluation. The absence of a control premium is a critical point  especially in a sector where M&A transactions typically include significant upside for acquiring control.The backstage and Diana’s persistenceIn the background  however  the conflict shifts to the field of corporate governance. Diana  as a major shareholder with a stake just below the “poison pill” threshold  is attempting to challenge the current management through a proxy fight at the upcoming general meeting. The outcome of this process will determine whether the takeover proposal can gain real momentum. On their side  Genco’s advisers  Jefferies and Morgan Stanley  provide the expected institutional backing  describing the offer as financially inadequate.Piraeus Bank increases its stake in SnappiPiraeus Bank is significantly increasing its stake in Snappi from 55% to 68%  while the stake of the project’s other major shareholder  Natech  is correspondingly reduced. It is well known that the CEO of Piraeus Bank  Christos Megalou  has strong belief in the neobank and considers that shareholders  in not too long a time from now  will have the opportunity to reap significant profits from the venture. For the time being  the neobank  which has broken the barrier of 100 000 customers and is aiming to serve the next milestone (150 000 customers)  is making substantial investments as it is in a growth phase and therefore requires capital  while it is expected to move into profitability in about two years. Piraeus Bank  as reflected in its participation  is supporting it continuously. As for Natech  it remains a strategic shareholder in Snappi  although it does not appear to wish to expand its investment.Recovery Fund loansWithout a doubt  the gap regarding the resources of RRF loans  among other things  is due to the fact that many rushed at the last minute to submit applications to the banks  despite the fact that the programme had been running for a long time beforehand. Bankers express their concern  noting that we are people of the last moment  worrying that applicants for the conversion of their loans from Swiss franc to euro may also start submitting mass applications as the deadline approaches. And the problem in such a scenario is that the deadline falls in the height of summer  when a large part of bank staff handling applications will already be on holiday. For debtors in categories 1–3  applications can be submitted until 19.08.2026  while for category 4 (i.e. without criteria)  debtors can submit until 19.06.2026. For now  the flow of applications remains stable  and conversion applications have been submitted by 30% of eligible borrowers. Market circles  however  say that the Swiss franc loan in the future—both near and distant—regardless of its current course  will be at high levels  as it constitutes and will continue to constitute a safe-haven currency.Extension for BYLOT – EvokeThe processes for the acquisition of Evoke by Bally’s Intralot are at an advanced stage. Discussions with all involved parties regarding the submission of a takeover offer are well progressed; however  given the size and scope of the deal  more time will be required. Thus  the deadline set for today  18/5  for submitting or not submitting an offer is expected to be extended. Bally’s Intralot had announced on 20/4 that it is considering acquiring Evoke  the parent company of William Hill and 888  which carries net debt of approximately £1.8 billion  or five times its operating profitability. High leverage  increased taxation on online gambling in the UK  and market slowdown have worsened Evoke’s situation  and despite improvements in EBITDA  net debt remains extremely high  limiting its strategic options. Based on initial announcements  the proposal concerns a price of 50 pence per share  in exchange for an all-share combination with a partial cash alternative  which would value Evoke at approximately £225 million ($304 million).Another cola targeting the Stock ExchangeIt is a soft drink born in remote Orestiada in the Evros region and is now seeking a place on supermarket shelves in Tokyo  Riyadh  and Dubai. Green Cola  the stevia-based cola—which started in 2012 as a Greek innovation during the memorandum era—together with the natural water “Zagori” constitute the two pillars of the Green Beverages Group  a fully Greek business narrative on the verge of entering the Stock Exchange with the aim of international expansion. Turnover of €119 million in 2025  EBITDA of €8.5 million  while the integrated investment programme of €40 million (2021–2025) created new production facilities in Ziria  Corinthia. The target for 2026 is a +10% increase in figures. The group is already discussing with the Stock Exchange management the prospect of listing its shares on Euronext Athens  in order to finance its next expansion phase across three continents. In the Middle East  which already represents 25% of global sales  the agreement with Al Rabie Saudi Foods for Saudi Arabia is in its final stage for local production  while in the United Arab Emirates  Gulf International has taken over exclusive distribution. Local production means “Made in Saudi ” in a market that views all imports with suspicion  especially American ones. In Asia  it signed a licensing agreement with Asahi Soft Drinks  the third-largest player in Japan with a 14% share and €3.3 billion turnover  to simultaneously expand into Japan  Taiwan  and Mongolia. The next step is expansion into Egypt with its 80 million consumers  where the group already has a local bottling network.Another “no” from GencoThe repeated rejection of the takeover proposal for Genco Shipping & Trading by Diana Shipping of Semiramis Paliou  supported by Petros Pappas  does not merely reflect a disagreement over valuation  but is part of a broader dynamic of corporate governance and control. From a market perspective  Diana’s insistence on a price of $23.50 per share  without substantial revision since March  indicates a strategy of steady pressure rather than negotiation. The fact that the offer was turned into a public bid to shareholders  bypassing the board of directors  suggests an intention to shift the battle to the level of power dynamics. Genco’s board  citing net asset value (NAV) above $26 per share  aligns with market estimates and strengthens the argument of undervaluation. The absence of a control premium is a critical point  especially in a sector where M&A transactions typically include significant upside for acquiring control.The backstage and Diana’s persistenceIn the background  however  the conflict shifts to the field of corporate governance. Diana  as a major shareholder with a stake just below the “poison pill” threshold  is attempting to challenge the current management through a proxy fight at the upcoming general meeting. The outcome of this process will determine whether the takeover proposal can gain real momentum. On their side  Genco’s advisers  Jefferies and Morgan Stanley  provide the expected institutional backing  describing the offer as financially inadequate.Oikonomou and the dispersion of orders in Korea and ChinaThe new order of two LNG carriers by TMS Cardiff Gas of Giorgos Oikonomou from Samsung Heavy Industries is not just another fleet investment. It signals that the Greek shipowner continues to build a position in a market entering a phase of increased supply and more complex balances. With a cost of approximately $253 million per vessel and delivery scheduled for 2029  the move has a clear medium- to long-term horizon. At a time when the LNG carrier orderbook is approaching 300 vessels  the decision to further increase exposure reflects confidence in the structure of the natural gas market and demand for transport capacity beyond the current cycle. Behind the scenes  the strategy has a second reading. The dispersion of orders across South Korean and Chinese shipyards  as well as part of the fleet being tied to long-term charters with players such as QatarEnergy and Cheniere Energy  reduces commercial risk and enhances financing flexibility. At the same time  the context is not neutral. The current slowdown in new LNG carrier orders  due to geopolitical uncertainty and increased caution from shipowners and financiers  is creating a temporary easing in demand for shipyard slots  preventing strong upward pressure on prices for now. However  the picture is changing in the medium term  as expected increases in global LNG production—mainly from the US and Qatar—are projected to significantly boost demand for carriers from 2026 onwards  which traditionally leads to higher shipbuilding prices and reduced availability.,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.24,0.41,True,English,"['wonderful ten-day period', 'blue party conference', 'President Maria', 'Nikos’ anxiety', 'Europe Insurance', 'Tsipras', 'love', 'scenes', 'Credia', 'Stavros Niarchos Foundation Cultural Center', 'Deputy Interior Minister Vasilis Spanakis', 'Euroleague president Dejan Bodiroga', 'Arta MP Giorgos Stylios', 'Conrad Athens The Ilisian', 'Deputy PM Hatzidakis', 'government spokesperson Marinakis', '250,000 public sector hires', 'three SYRIZA leaders', 'two new parties', 'broader political narrative', 'One pending issue', 'New ND secretary', 'family property issue', 'entire party base', 'Prime Minister', 'President Maria', 'entire family', 'other political', 'right-leaning parties', 'party secretary', 'Nikos’ property', 'Protothema.gr', 'interesting week', 'Final Four', 'Best wishes', 'business figures', 'Northern Greece', 'beloved Alexis', 'second time', 'Theano Fotiou', 'legendary remark', 'trivial reason', 'relative anxiety', 'late Simitis', 'same time', 'professional obligations', 'Such events', 'favorite topic', 'internal complaints', 'big names', 'good spirits', 'senior officials', 'next Greece', 'next decade', 'daily management', 'elevated tone', 'electoral battle', 'major topic', 'ND conference', 'Alexis’ party', 'PASOK leaders', 'party machine', 'Nikos anxiety', 'angry Nikos', 'four teams', 'Dendias’ speech', 'ND corridors', 'Antonis Samaras', 'Party people', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'Olympiacos', 'success', 'trophy', 'Greek', 'Thursday', 'Hardalias', 'reception', 'presidents', 'presence', 'Karystianou', 'doves', 'entry', 'politics', 'Thessaloniki', 'polls', 'highlights', 'return', '100 years', 'stuffed', 'vegetables', 'fun', 'joy', 'journalism', 'Famelos', 'Polakis', 'record', 'solution', 'Adonis', 'Zoë', 'announcement', 'Tsipras', 'month', 'certainty', 'summer', 'point', 'spring', 'expression', 'something', 'refined', 'respect', 'dignity', 'reporter', 'things', 'office', 'readers', 'Observers', 'wording', 'Mitsotakis', 'circle', 'kind', 'bridges', 'surprises', 'elections', 'everyone', 'interests', 'power', 'moment', 'speeches', 'dissenters', 'framework', 'extremes', 'Karamanlis', 'Rafina', 'state', '12% deficit', 'memoranda', 'platforms', 'number', 'future', 'example', 'PierraKakis', 'vote', 'G7.', 'country', 'endurance', 'ambition', 'mind', 'interventions', 'constituency', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-05-18,2026-05-19,en.protothema.gr
