UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
51581,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/286f05a0-94bc-4acb-abaf-4a7b0ed112a5,Letter: Eurobonds are a bridge for capital to flow into Europe,By attracting global investors into domestic markets  Eurobonds are an efficient and growing bridge for international capital to flow to Europe. As part of the infrastructure at the heart of European financial markets  Euroclear stands ready to support both sets of Eurobonds.,By attracting global investors into domestic markets  Eurobonds are an efficient and growing bridge for international capital to flow to Europe. As part of the infrastructure at the heart of European financial markets  Euroclear stands ready to support both sets of Eurobonds.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.2,0.8,0.0,True,English,"['Letter', 'Eurobonds', 'bridge', 'capital', 'Europe', 'European financial markets', 'domestic markets', 'global investors', 'growing bridge', 'international capital', 'Eurobonds', 'efficient', 'part', 'infrastructure', 'heart', 'Euroclear', 'sets']",2025-06-30,2025-06-30,ft.com
51582,Clearstream,Bing API,https://funds-europe.com/evolving-transfer-agency-for-digital-age/,Evolving Transfer agency for digital age,For many years  transfer agents have provided reliable infrastructure for managing investor data  processing transactions and supporting cross-border fund flows.,For many years  transfer agents have provided reliable infrastructure for managing investor data  processing transactions and supporting cross-border fund flows. As the market evolves  however  so too do the expectations placed on this key function.Today’s distribution landscape is more diverse and dynamic than ever. Investors demand faster  more digital engagement while regulation promotes transparency and inclusion. Asset managers seek scale across geographies and products while controlling costs and complexity. New technology — from real-time processing to shared ledgers — is already reshaping expectations and operational possibilities. Built on distributed ledger (DLT) technology — that are reshaping expectations  operational and distribution possibilities.Far from making the traditional TA model obsolete  these shifts underscore the importance of adapting established strengths to new realities. The challenge is not a failing model; rather  it is a new operational and strategic complexity that fund actors must manage in parallel. For some  the focus is shifting from maintaining infrastructure to enabling efficient and flexible growth across increasingly fragmented but also digital fund distribution channels.Adapting to complexityMuch of today’s fund servicing infrastructure reflects an earlier era of distribution  when flows were predominantly institutional and operational models could rely on batch-based  file-driven processes. These systems continue to serve many clients effectively  but crucially the environment around them has changed in meaningful ways.A growing share of distribution is starting to target end-investors more directly  whether through direct-to-consumer channels or digitally enabled B2B2C models. These evolving strategies require improved responsiveness and interoperability across asset managers  platforms  custodians and service providers. Investor engagement is increasingly built around timely  data-rich interactions — creating demand for real-time access  API-driven integration and personalised communications.In parallel with this digital transformation  the landscape is also being reshaped by the emergence of tokenised fund structures. New models are now live that use shared registers built on distributed ledger infrastructure to streamline fund issuance and servicing. These systems  already functioning in regulated environments  offer enhanced transparency and synchronisation across the fund chain — reducing operational friction and unlocking innovative distribution channels.At the same time  scalability remains a pressing concern. Asset managers looking to consolidate or expand across markets need transfer agency support that spans multiple jurisdictions and asset classes. A modern infrastructure that can accommodate multi-domicile funds — from UCITS and ETFs to private and alternative vehicles — without requiring separate servicing platforms can deliver meaningful efficiency and control. In this regard  digital-native TA systems are being explored not just for their advanced features but also for their ability to reduce fragmentation and cost.Repositioning the TA functionThe role of the transfer agent is naturally expanding beyond its traditional scope. . What was once a back-office utility is becoming an enabler of distribution flexibility  operational control and investor experience.“Technology is no longer the limiting factor” says Olivier Portenseigne  CEO of FundsDLT. “Real-world deployments of cloud-native  blockchain-based TA platforms are now live. The challenge is about shifting the operating model and mindset to match what the future demands.”Modern TA platforms are being designed with embedded automation and event-driven workflows that streamline repetitive processes and reduce manual intervention. These advances do not just lower costs; they improve service quality  reduce error rates and free up operational capacity. Meanwhile  scalable architecture and seamless integration with existing fund accounting  custody  PMS and compliance tools ensure that such platforms can operate harmoniously within the broader infrastructure.These new-generation platforms also support embedded tokenisation capabilities  allowing asset managers to explore new distribution channels — from digital banks and wealth apps to crypto exchanges — without needing to overhaul their existing fund strategies. Adoption will differ by market  but the foundations are being integrated today to support tokenisation when the time is right. This flexibility is increasingly viewed not as a differentiator  but as a necessity.API connectivity  modular design and better interoperability with global messaging standards like SWIFT  FIX or KAFKA are also helping bridge the gap between traditional operations and the demands of a digital-first market. Importantly  these features are being implemented in ways that respect local regulatory frameworks and the high standards of investor protection that fund actors have worked hard to uphold.Transformation in motionThese enhancements are not theoretical — they are in production today. Clearstream Fund Services  together with FundsDLT  has supported the deployment of a digital transfer agency platform with Standard Chartered Bank to address exactly these challenges. This solution supports operations across multiple jurisdictions and fund types and has delivered tangible gains.“Clients are looking to scale across markets and deliver a better investor experience. Clearstream is committed to supporting transfer agents by providing advanced technological solutions that enhance operational efficiency and scalability. A modern TA platform supports that — not just by improving processing  but by providing real-time insights  operational control  and new distribution possibilities  enabling TAs to better serve their clients and adapt to the evolving demands of the fund distribution landscape.” Neil Wise  CCO  Member of the Executive Board  Clearstream Fund Services.This case illustrates that transformation does not require abandoning existing systems; indeed  the old and the new will need to co-exist for some time. Instead  it involves enhancing the servicing model to reflect the evolving expectations of asset managers  regulators and investors alike. Clients are not being asked to abandon familiar processes  but to supplement them with technology that enables scale  responsiveness and innovation.“This isn’t about replacing trusted processes overnight ” adds Neil Wise  “It’s about giving clients the flexibility to consolidate operations  enhance transparency  and be ready for new fund structures when the market demands it.”More broadly  the adoption of shared ledger models and modular TA infrastructure is allowing early adopters to align tokenisation initiatives with established workflows  maintain control over investor servicing and deliver high levels of operational efficiency. These tools are now enabling live fund operations in regions as diverse as Europe  the Middle East and Asia — and across fund structures ranging from retail vehicles to institutional mandates.Supporting future growthAs the fund distribution landscape becomes more interconnected  data-intensive and investor-facing  transfer agents have an opportunity to support clients in new and valuable ways. The ability to manage complexity while realising efficiency and enabling the rise of new digital distribution is no longer a theoretical ambition  it is a competitive advantage — and one that modern TA solutions deliver.Digital TA platforms  built for multi-asset  multi-domicile environments  are not only helping to simplify operational models but also laying the groundwork for tokenisation-readiness and real-time investor engagement. Their strength lies in integrating with what exists  while preparing for what’s next.The TA’s role is shifting. “Processing accuracy remains fundamental — but increasingly  the TA’s value will be measured by how effectively it helps fund providers engage investors  scale globally  and innovate with confidence” says Olivier Portenseigne.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.24,0.36,True,English,"['Evolving Transfer agency', 'digital age', 'cloud-native, blockchain-based TA platforms', 'digital fund distribution channels', 'timely, data-rich interactions', 'local regulatory frameworks', 'tokenised fund structures', 'existing fund accounting', 'batch-based, file-driven processes', 'global messaging standards', 'transfer agency support', 'innovative distribution channels', 'existing fund strategies', 'Modern TA platforms', 'traditional TA model', 'separate servicing platforms', 'digital-native TA systems', 'cross-border fund flows', 'embedded tokenisation capabilities', 'new distribution channels', 'fund servicing infrastructure', 'consumer channels', 'TA function', 'fund actors', 'fund chain', 'digital engagement', 'evolving strategies', 'modern infrastructure', 'embedded automation', 'repetitive processes', 'digital banks', 'high standards', 'transfer agents', 'failing model', 'traditional scope', 'operating model', 'new-generation platforms', 'traditional operations', 'distribution possibilities', 'new realities', 'New models', 'new operational', 'many years', 'reliable infrastructure', 'investor data', 'key function', 'Asset managers', 'real-time processing', 'flexible growth', 'earlier era', 'many clients', 'growing share', 'B2B2C models', 'service providers', 'Investor engagement', 'real-time access', 'API-driven integration', 'personalised communications', 'digital transformation', 'shared registers', 'regulated environments', 'pressing concern', 'multiple jurisdictions', 'asset classes', 'multi-domicile funds', 'alternative vehicles', 'meaningful efficiency', 'back-office utility', 'investor experience', 'limiting factor', 'Olivier Portenseigne', 'Real-world deployments', 'event-driven workflows', 'manual intervention', 'service quality', 'error rates', 'scalable architecture', 'seamless integration', 'compliance tools', 'broader infrastructure', 'wealth apps', 'crypto exchanges', 'API connectivity', 'modular design', 'investor protection', 'New technology', 'operational possibilities', 'operational models', 'operational friction', 'operational capacity', 'distribution landscape', 'distribution flexibility', 'DLT) technology', 'meaningful ways', 'ledger infrastructure', 'enhanced transparency', 'same time', 'advanced features', 'operational control', 'strategic complexity', 'digital-first market', 'transactions', 'expectations', 'Investors', 'regulation', 'inclusion', 'scale', 'geographies', 'products', 'costs', 'ledgers', 'shifts', 'importance', 'strengths', 'challenge', 'parallel', 'focus', 'efficient', 'fragmented', 'today', 'institutional', 'improved', 'responsiveness', 'interoperability', 'custodians', 'demand', 'emergence', 'issuance', 'synchronisation', 'scalability', 'markets', 'UCITS', 'ETFs', 'private', 'regard', 'fragmentation', 'role', 'enabler', 'CEO', 'FundsDLT', 'mindset', 'future', 'advances', 'custody', 'PMS', 'Adoption', 'foundations', 'differentiator', 'necessity', 'SWIFT', 'FIX', 'KAFKA', 'gap', 'motion', 'enhancements']",2025-06-30,2025-06-30,funds-europe.com
51583,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/cboe-head-of-market-data-joins-euroctp-advisory-committee/,Cboe head of market data joins EuroCTP advisory committee,Currently  the committee is made up of 11 members  including representatives from BlackRock  Deutsche Börse  Norges Bank  BNP Paribas  Bloomberg  and others. Stephen Dorrian  head of market data and access services  Europe  at Cboe has joined EuroCTP’s ...,Stephen Dorrian  head of market data and access services  Europe  at Cboe has joined EuroCTP’s advisory committee as the group continues with its bid to become the EU’s consolidated tape provider.Specifically  EuroCTP is bidding for both the equities tape  as well as the shares and ETFs tape provider. Currently  it is the sole publicly confirmed bidder for the European equities consolidated tape following news that bigxyt had exited the process in June.Read more: big xyt drops out of equities consolidated tape raceEglantine Desautel  chief executive of EuroCTP  said: “Stephen’s expertise in financial market data  data licensing  exchange connectivity  and European market structure in general will be a true asset  and we look forward to getting input from the operator of the largest MTF and APA for European equities.”The advisory committee is focused on integrating the perspectives of a range of industry participants in the design of tape services. Currently  the committee is made up of 11 members  including representatives from BlackRock  Deutsche Börse  Norges Bank  BNP Paribas  Bloomberg  and others.EuroCTP also confirmed that additional members are alson expected to join in the future.“Stephen’s appointment advances our commitment to building a tape that meets the expectations of all European markets and users. I look forward to working with Stephen and all Committee members to shape EuroCTP’s offering and governance ” added Desautel.Cboe had previously announced a venture with Aquis back in October 2024 to make a bid for the equities tape – named SimpliCT.At the time it was set to be a co-owned Netherlands-based company seeking to leverage the expertise of its founders to develop a “best-of-breed equity CT”.The exchanges ultimately stepped away from the joint venture in January 2025. In an announcement at the time  Aquis highlighted “economic reasons” as their motivation behind pulling out.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['EuroCTP advisory committee', 'Cboe head', 'market data', 'equities consolidated tape race', 'European equities consolidated tape', 'Deutsche Börse', 'breed equity CT', 'European market structure', 'ETFs tape provider', 'financial market data', 'equities tape', 'European markets', 'tape services', 'data licensing', 'access services', 'big xyt', 'chief executive', 'exchange connectivity', 'true asset', 'largest MTF', 'industry participants', 'Norges Bank', 'BNP Paribas', 'Netherlands-based company', 'economic reasons', 'advisory committee', 'additional members', 'Eglantine Desautel', 'joint venture', 'Committee members', 'Stephen Dorrian', '11 members', 'head', 'Cboe', 'EuroCTP', 'group', 'bid', 'shares', 'news', 'bigxyt', 'process', 'June', 'expertise', 'input', 'operator', 'APA', 'perspectives', 'range', 'design', 'representatives', 'BlackRock', 'Bloomberg', 'others', 'future', 'appointment', 'commitment', 'expectations', 'users', 'offering', 'governance', 'Aquis', 'October', 'time', 'owned', 'founders', 'exchanges', 'January', 'announcement', 'motivation']",2025-06-30,2025-06-30,thetradenews.com
51584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/06/29/sequoia-financial-advisors-llc-purchases-392-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC Purchases 392 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.6% in the 1st quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 8 864 shares of the real estate investment tr…,Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.6% in the 1st quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 8 864 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 392 shares during the quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $2 653 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Tyche Wealth Partners LLC bought a new position in Public Storage during the first quarter valued at about $230 000. Live Oak Investment Partners grew its position in Public Storage by 13.8% during the first quarter. Live Oak Investment Partners now owns 1 699 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $508 000 after buying an additional 206 shares during the period. Alpine Bank Wealth Management bought a new position in Public Storage during the first quarter valued at about $81 000. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. grew its position in Public Storage by 17.2% during the first quarter. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. now owns 498 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $149 000 after buying an additional 73 shares during the period. Finally  Golden State Wealth Management LLC grew its position in Public Storage by 1 421.6% during the first quarter. Golden State Wealth Management LLC now owns 563 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $169 000 after buying an additional 526 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Trading Up 0.5%Shares of Public Storage stock opened at $290.00 on Friday. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $256.60 and a 12-month high of $369.99. The company has a market cap of $50.87 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.80  a PEG ratio of 4.19 and a beta of 0.89. The company has a current ratio of 0.55  a quick ratio of 0.55 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $298.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $297.71.Public Storage Announces DividendPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday  April 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $4.12 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.06 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $1.18 billion for the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.18 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 41.74% and a return on equity of 36.50%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year  the firm posted $4.03 earnings per share. On average  equities analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.7 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Friday  June 27th. Investors of record on Thursday  June 12th were given a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.14%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday  June 12th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 119.17%.Analysts Set New Price TargetsPSA has been the subject of several research reports. Scotiabank increased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $305.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “sector outperform” rating in a research report on Monday  May 12th. BNP Paribas Exane began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  June 24th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $331.00 price objective on the stock. Truist Financial raised shares of Public Storage from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $310.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday  April 10th. Barclays dropped their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $354.00 to $351.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Friday  May 16th. Finally  BMO Capital Markets downgraded shares of Public Storage from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $340.00 to $325.00 in a report on Friday  June 20th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  eight have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the stock currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $337.64.View Our Latest Report on PSAPublic Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.33,0.67,True,English,"['Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC', 'Public Storage', '392 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Golden State Wealth Management LLC', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'Alpine Bank Wealth Management', 'Tyche Wealth Partners LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Live Oak Investment Partners', 'Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'PSA Public Storage Company Profile', '50-day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Several other institutional investors', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'Pinnacle Bancorp Inc.', 'several research reports', 'BNP Paribas Exane', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'average price target', 'New Price Targets', '35% common equity interest', 'current fiscal year', 'market perform” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'sector outperform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'recent SEC filing', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'dividend payout ratio', 'quarterly earnings results', 'Dividend Public Storage', 'Public Storage stock', 'average rating', 'net margin', 'Truist Financial', 'current ratio', '$331.00 price objective', '$310.00 price objective', 'buy” rating', 'NYSE:PSA', 'recent disclosure', 'market cap', 'quarterly dividend', 'year basis', 'prior year', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'PEG ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'equities analysts', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'ex-dividend date', 'Six analysts', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Latest Report', 'earnings ratio', 'new position', '1st quarter', 'first quarter', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'June 20th', '12-month low', 'S&P 500', 'United States', 'additional 392 shares', 'additional 206 shares', 'additional 73 shares', 'additional 526 shares', 'same period', '$3.00 dividend', '12 earnings', '$4.03 earnings', '16.7 earnings', '40 states', '275 s', '8,864 shares', '1,699 shares', '498 shares', '563 shares', 'stake', 'firm', 'holdings', 'Friday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'EPS', 'revenue', 'return', 'business', 'record', 'Thursday', 'DPR', 'subject', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'May', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'Barclays', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', '36.50']",2025-06-29,2025-06-30,etfdailynews.com
51585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/06/29/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-acquired-by-golden-state-wealth-management-llc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Acquired by Golden State Wealth Management LLC,Golden State Wealth Management LLC lifted its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1 421.6% in the first quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 563 shares of t…,Golden State Wealth Management LLC lifted its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1 421.6% in the first quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 563 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 526 shares during the period. Golden State Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $169 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Cohen & Steers Inc. boosted its position in shares of Public Storage by 12.3% during the 4th quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 5 433 001 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 626 731 000 after purchasing an additional 592 944 shares during the period. Geode Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Public Storage by 2.0% in the 4th quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 4 010 044 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 197 769 000 after buying an additional 78 472 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter worth $931 286 000. Northern Trust Corp lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 43.4% during the 4th quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 2 476 596 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $741 592 000 after purchasing an additional 749 913 shares during the last quarter. Finally  UBS AM a distinct business unit of UBS ASSET MANAGEMENT AMERICAS LLC lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 10.3% during the 4th quarter. UBS AM a distinct business unit of UBS ASSET MANAGEMENT AMERICAS LLC now owns 1 702 522 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $509 803 000 after purchasing an additional 158 665 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsA number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on PSA shares. Mizuho boosted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $287.00 to $309.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday  May 28th. Bank of America boosted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $368.00 to $380.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday  May 13th. BMO Capital Markets downgraded shares of Public Storage from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $340.00 to $325.00 in a report on Friday  June 20th. Royal Bank Of Canada cut their price objective on Public Storage from $329.00 to $328.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a research report on Friday  May 2nd. Finally  Truist Financial raised Public Storage from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $310.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Thursday  April 10th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  eight have issued a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to MarketBeat  the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $337.64.Public Storage Stock Up 0.5%Shares of NYSE PSA opened at $290.00 on Friday. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $256.60 and a 12-month high of $369.99. The company has a market cap of $50.87 billion  a P/E ratio of 28.80  a P/E/G ratio of 4.19 and a beta of 0.89. The company has a current ratio of 0.55  a quick ratio of 0.55 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. The stock has a fifty day moving average price of $298.55 and a 200 day moving average price of $297.71.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday  April 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $4.12 EPS for the quarter  topping the consensus estimate of $4.06 by $0.06. Public Storage had a net margin of 41.74% and a return on equity of 36.50%. The business had revenue of $1.18 billion for the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.18 billion. During the same quarter last year  the company posted $4.03 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .1% compared to the same quarter last year. Research analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.7 EPS for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Friday  June 27th. Stockholders of record on Thursday  June 12th were issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.14%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 119.17%.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Golden State Wealth Management LLC', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', 'Golden State Wealth Management LLC', 'UBS ASSET MANAGEMENT AMERICAS LLC', 'fifty day moving average price', 'Geode Capital Management LLC', '200 day moving average price', 'real estate investment trust', 'Six equities research analysts', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'Northern Trust Corp', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'average target price', 'other institutional investors', 'current fiscal year', 'distinct business unit', 'New Price Targets', 'sector perform” rating', 'other hedge funds', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'Get Free Report', 'quarterly earnings results', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Public Storage Stock', 'UBS AM', '$310.00 target price', 'price objective', 'current ratio', 'new stake', 'market cap', 'buy” rating', 'research report', 'research note', 'analysts’ expectations', 'neutral” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'quick ratio', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'Steers Inc.', 'Truist Financial', 'consensus estimate', 'net margin', 'ex-dividend date', 'annualized basis', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'quarterly dividend', 'quarterly revenue', 'first quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'same quarter', 'Norges Bank', 'Royal Bank', 'equity ratio', 'dividend yield', 'June 20th', '12-month low', 'June 27th', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', 'additional 526 shares', 'additional 592,944 shares', 'additional 78,472 shares', 'additional 749,913 shares', 'additional 158,665 shares', 'PSA shares', '$4.03 earnings', '$12.00 dividend', '563 shares', '5,433,001 shares', '4,010,044 shares', '2,476,596 shares', '1,702,522 shares', 'position', 'Securities', 'period', 'holdings', 'number', 'changes', 'Cohen', 'Mizuho', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'Tuesday', 'Friday', 'Canada', 'Thursday', 'April', 'MarketBeat', 'beta', 'debt', 'return', '16.7 EPS', 'firm', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'DPR', 'member', 'REIT']",2025-06-29,2025-06-30,etfdailynews.com
51586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/06/29/bessemer-group-inc-sells-5650-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Bessemer Group Inc. Sells 5 650 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Bessemer Group Inc. decreased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 48.8% during the 1st quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 5 932 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock aft…,Bessemer Group Inc. decreased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 48.8% during the 1st quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 5 932 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 5 650 shares during the quarter. Bessemer Group Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $1 776 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Shum Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 1.7% in the first quarter. Shum Financial Group Inc. now owns 2 089 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $625 000 after buying an additional 35 shares in the last quarter. Lido Advisors LLC grew its holdings in Public Storage by 0.9% during the 4th quarter. Lido Advisors LLC now owns 4 298 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 287 000 after acquiring an additional 39 shares during the last quarter. Integrated Advisors Network LLC grew its holdings in Public Storage by 1.4% during the 4th quarter. Integrated Advisors Network LLC now owns 3 067 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $918 000 after acquiring an additional 41 shares during the last quarter. Atlas Brown Inc. grew its holdings in Public Storage by 2.1% during the 1st quarter. Atlas Brown Inc. now owns 2 176 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $651 000 after acquiring an additional 45 shares during the last quarter. Finally  CVA Family Office LLC grew its holdings in Public Storage by 24.6% during the 1st quarter. CVA Family Office LLC now owns 238 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $71 000 after acquiring an additional 47 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Ratings ChangesSeveral research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Royal Bank Of Canada reduced their target price on shares of Public Storage from $329.00 to $328.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday  May 2nd. BNP Paribas Exane began coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  June 24th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $331.00 target price for the company. Barclays lowered their target price on Public Storage from $354.00 to $351.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Friday  May 16th. BNP Paribas upgraded shares of Public Storage to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Tuesday  June 24th. Finally  Truist Financial upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $310.00 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday  April 10th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  eight have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat  the stock has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $337.64.Public Storage Stock Up 0.5%Shares of NYSE PSA opened at $290.00 on Friday. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $298.55 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $297.71. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $256.60 and a 12 month high of $369.99. The company has a current ratio of 0.55  a quick ratio of 0.55 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. The company has a market cap of $50.87 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.80  a PEG ratio of 4.19 and a beta of 0.89.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday  April 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $4.12 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  beating the consensus estimate of $4.06 by $0.06. Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.50% and a net margin of 41.74%. The company had revenue of $1.18 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.18 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year  the firm posted $4.03 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up .1% compared to the same quarter last year. As a group  analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.7 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe business also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Friday  June 27th. Investors of record on Thursday  June 12th were issued a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.14%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday  June 12th. Public Storage’s payout ratio is presently 119.17%.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Bessemer Group Inc.', 'Public Storage', '5,650 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'real estate investment trust', '50-day moving average price', 'CVA Family Office LLC', 'Integrated Advisors Network LLC', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limite', 'Several other large investors', 'Shum Financial Group Inc.', 'Lido Advisors LLC', 'Bessemer Group Inc.', 'Atlas Brown Inc.', 'Six investment analysts', 'recent reporting period', 'sector perform” rating', 'Several research analysts', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'BNP Paribas Exane', 'current fiscal year', '35% common equity interest', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Get Free Report', 'consensus price target', 'quarterly earnings data', 'Public Storage Stock', 'net margin', 'Truist Financial', 'target price', '$310.00 price target', 'recent filing', 'current ratio', 'prior year', 'buy” rating', 'consensus rating', 'Institutional investors', 'Moderate Buy', 'consensus estimate', 'research note', 'outperform” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'Royal Bank', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market cap', 'PEG ratio', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'quarterly dividend', '1st quarter', 'first quarter', '4th quarter', 'same quarter', 'last quarter', 'June 24th', 'earnings ratio', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'May 16th', '12 month low', 'United States', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', 'additional 35 shares', 'additional 39 shares', 'additional 41 shares', 'additional 45 shares', 'additional 47 shares', '4.12 earnings', '$4.03 earnings', '16.7 earnings', '40 states', '$3.00 dividend', '5,932 shares', '5,650 shares', '2,089 shares', '4,298 shares', '3,067 shares', '2,176 shares', '238 shares', 'position', 'company', 'fund', 'holdings', 'stake', 'reports', 'Canada', 'Friday', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'Barclays', 'Thursday', 'April', 'MarketBeat', 'debt', 'beta', 'Wednesday', 'EPS', 'return', 'revenue', 'firm', 'business', 'record', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests']",2025-06-29,2025-06-30,etfdailynews.com
51587,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.di.se/pressreleaser/2025/06/30/bergenbio-and-oncoinvent-a-rising-innovator-i-8700b63d-0312-5e6c-8e6b-4fdfd29deb0d/,BerGenBio and Oncoinvent  a rising innovator in radiopharmaceutical cancer therapies  announce proposed merger and a fully underwritten rights issue,"Bergen  Norway and Oslo  Norway  30 June 2025 - BerGenBio ASA (OSE: BGBIO) (""BerGenBio"" or the ""Company"") and Oncoinvent ASA (OSE: ONCIN) (""Oncoinvent"") announce that they have entered into a merger agreement (the ""Agreement"") to combine the two companies through a statutory merger (the ""Merger"") ","Following the Merger  the combined company shall carry out a fully underwritten rights issue.The Merger puts BerGenBio's capital and listing to productive use by strengthening Oncoinvent's ability to execute on its clinical strategy and advance potentially life-changing treatments for patients with cancer in the abdominal cavity (peritoneal carcinomatosis).The exchange ratio in the Merger will be 25% to BerGenBio and 75% to Oncoinvent corresponding to 1.20268049 shares in BerGenBio per share in Oncoinvent and values BerGenBio prior to the Merger at NOK 65 million  which represents a significant premium to what would be available for distribution to BerGenBio's shareholders in a solvent liquidation scenario  and a premium of 19% compared to the closing price on Monday 30 June 2025. The Merger values Oncoinvent at NOK 195.5 million  which corresponds to its valuation in connection with the listing on Euronext Growth in December 2024 and a premium of 8% compared to the closing price on Monday 30 June 2025.The Merger will add approximately NOK 45 million in cash to fund Oncoinvent's clinical development plan. Moreover  the combination will substantially broaden the shareholder base  improving liquidity in the share and enable an uplisting from Euronext Growth Oslo  subject to approval by the Oslo Stock Exchange.Subject to approval by the extraordinary general meetings of BerGenBio and Oncoinvent  Euronext Oslo Børs' approval of the continued listing and completion of the Merger  the merged company will carry out a fully underwritten rights issue of NOK 130 million (the ""Rights Issue""). The proceeds from the Rights Issue is expected to provide the merged company with a cash runway into 2027  beyond the interim readout from Oncoinvent's ongoing Phase 2 trial in ovarian cancer  expected H2 2026.The Merger is supported by BerGenBio's largest shareholder Meteva AS and Oncoinvent's largest shareholders Hadean Capital I AS and HVentures Capital I AB (together ""Hadean Ventures"") and Linc AB  all of whom have entered into voting undertakings to vote in favour of the Merger and lock-up commitments for a period of six months following this announcement.The Agreement follows from the strategic review that BerGenBio has conducted  in cooperation with DNB Carnegie  to optimise shareholder value following its decision to discontinue the BGBC016 study.Anders Tullgren  chair of the board of BerGenBio  stated: ""I am very pleased to be able to announce our joining forces with Oncoinvent. This Merger  which is backed by the boards of both companies  is the result of an extensive review that explored a range of strategic options for BerGenBio. The Merger gives BerGenBio shareholders a part of an exciting company leveraging Norwegian radiopharmaceutical technology  which has already seen encouraging preliminary efficacy data  without safety concerns. We are confident that this is the best option for current BerGenBio shareholders.""Øystein Soug  CEO of Oncoinvent and forthcoming CEO of the merged company  stated: ""We are very excited for the time ahead and to continue the execution of our focused strategy to develop Radspherin® in ovarian cancer. We are on track with our randomised phase 2 trial. Going forward with a strengthened balance sheet  we believe the company will be a transformative force in the radiopharmaceutical therapy field  improving the lives of patients with cancer in the peritoneal cavity.""About OncoinventOncoinvent is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing novel radiopharmaceutical therapies against cancer. The lead product candidate  Radspherin®  uses the alpha-emitting radionuclide radium-224  directly targeting micro-metastases post-surgery  harnessing the benefits of modern radiopharmaceuticals without the complexities of biological targeting.Oncoinvent is investigating the safety and efficacy of Radspherin® in a clinical development program in two indications: peritoneal metastases from colorectal cancer and from ovarian cancer. In addition to the recently finalized phase 1/2a trial in colorectal cancer  one phase 1 trial and one randomized phase 2 trial are ongoing in the US  UK and Europe. Interim data from the phase 2 trial are expected in H2 2026. Preliminary clinical efficacy data are highly encouraging  and no serious toxicity or safety concerns have been reported to date.The experienced Oncoinvent team runs a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility to produce drug products for clinical trials in Nydalen  Oslo. Oncoinvent is listed on the Euronext Growth Oslo. The company was founded by Øyvind Bruland and Roy Larsen  the pioneers behind Norway's most successful cancer drug to date  Xofigo  developed by the company Algeta  which was acquired by Bayer in 2014.The Merger and Exchange ratioThe Merger is structured as a statutory merger whereby all assets and liabilities of Oncoinvent will be transferred to a newly incorporated wholly owned subsidiary of BerGenBio against consideration to the shareholders in Oncoinvent by way of newly issued shares in BerGenBio and with BerGenBio as the surviving entity. The exchange ratio in the Merger will be 1:3  meaning that Oncoinvent shareholders will in total receive approximately 117.6 million BerGenBio shares  corresponding to approximately 1.20268049 BerGenBio shares per Oncoinvent share.Rights IssueThe combined company will carry out a fully underwritten rights issue of shares (the ""New Shares"") with preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders in the merged company upon completion of the Merger to raise gross proceeds of NOK 130 million.Both Oncoinvent's and BerGenBio's shareholders at the time of completion of the Merger will  subject to restrictions in applicable securities laws and regulations  be invited to participate in the Rights Issue  which ensures equal treatment of all shareholders. By exercising their subscription rights  each shareholder will have the opportunity to maintain their pro rata ownership in the merged company. If all shareholders participate  the resulting ownership structure will reflect a 25/75 ratio  with BerGenBio shareholders upon completion of the Merger owning 25% and Oncoinvent shareholders upon completion of the Merger owning 75% of the merged company.Certain existing shareholders and external investors (the ""Underwriters"") have  subject to customary terms and conditions  underwritten NOK 130 million of the Rights Issue  representing 100 percent of the total offering amount. The proceeds from the Rights Issue are expected to provide the merged company with a cash runway into 2027. Further information regarding the fully underwritten Rights Issue  including the terms and conditions  the subscription period  key dates  and procedures for subscription  is available in a separate stock exchange announcement published by the Company on the same date as this release. Shareholders are encouraged to review the announcement carefully for complete details on how to participate in the Rights Issue.The merged companyPending approval of the EGM  the Board of Directors of the Company shall with effect from completion of the Merger be composed as follows:Gillies O'Bryan-Tear  Chairman of the boardOlav Hellebø  Board memberIngrid Teigland Akay  Board memberKari Grønås  Board memberHilde Steineger  Board memberOrlando Oliveira  Board memberJohan Häggblad  Board memberAnne Cecile Alvik  Board member/Employee representativeCurrent Oncoinvent CEO  Øystein Soug  will be appointed CEO and current Oncoinvent CFO  Tore Kvam  will be appointed CFO. Current BerGenBio management will leave their positions once the Merger is completed.The Merger is supported by BerGenBio's largest shareholder Meteva and Oncoinvent's largest shareholders Hadean Ventures and Linc AB  all of whom have entered into voting undertakings and lock-up commitments for a period of six months from the date of this announcement.The merged company is expected to be renamed Oncoinvent in due course.Conditions for the completion of the MergerThe Merger is subject to customary terms and conditions  including  inter alia  satisfaction of the following conditions:approval of the proposed Merger and Rights Issue by the EGM of BerGenBio  expected to be held on August 4  2025;approval of the proposed Merger by an extraordinary general meeting of Oncoinvent expected to be held on August 4  2025;election of the nominated Board of Directors by the EGM of BerGenBio;the merged company's continued listing on Euronext Oslo Børs or alternatively Euronext Expand;all regulatory approvals reasonably required having been obtained without any conditions or on conditions considered acceptable to the parties;the creditor notification period for the Merger having expired without any objections from the creditors  or if any objection has been made within the notification period  the creditor having received adequate security  or the court having rejected the demand for security; andthe Prospectus  also representing a listing prospectus for admission to trading of the shares to be issued as merger consideration in the Merger  having been approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and been published.All conditions are expected to be fulfilled and the merger completed around mid September 2025.PresentationA presentation by BerGenBio and Oncoinvent will be held as a webcast in English on Wednesday 2 July 2025 at 10:00am CEST including a Q&A session. A company presentation of Oncoinvent in in Norwegian will follow at 11:00am CEST.To join the webcast please sign up via https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/hegnarmedia/20250702_1/ for English and https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/hegnarmedia/20250702_2/ for NorwegianAdvisorsDNB Carnegie  a part of DNB Bank ASA  is acting as financial advisor to BerGenBio and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen is acting as legal advisor. ABG Sundal Collier is acting as financial advisor to Oncoinvent and Advokatfirmaet Schjødt AS is acting as legal advisor.ContactsCompany representative(s):Olav Hellebø  CEO  BerGenBioEmail: olav.hellebo@bergenbio.comRune Skeie  CFO  BerGenBioEmail: rune.skeie@bergenbio.comØystein Soug  CEO  OncoinventEmail: soug@oncoinvent.comTore Kvam  CFO  OncoinventEmail: kvam@oncoinvent.comThis information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to MAR article 17 and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. This stock exchange announcement was published by Rune Skeie  CFO of the Company  and Tore Kvam  CFO of Oncoinvent  on 30 June 2025 at 22:00 hours CEST.- IMPORTANT INFORMATION -This announcement does not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities of the Company or Oncoinvent in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Copies of this document may not be sent to jurisdictions  or distributed in or sent from jurisdictions  in which this is barred or prohibited by law. The securities of the Company and Oncoinvent may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"").The securities of the Company and Oncoinvent have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act. Any sale in the United States of the securities mentioned in this communication will be made solely to ""qualified institutional buyers"" as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States.Any offering of the securities referred to in this announcement will be made by means of the Prospectus. This announcement is an advertisement and is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on prospectuses to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended) as implemented in any EEA Member State (the ""Prospectus Regulation""). Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information contained in the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus will  following publication  be available from the Company's registered office and  subject to certain exceptions  on the website of ABG Sundal Collier ASA and/or DNB Carnegie  a part of DNB Bank ASA (the ""Managers"").In any EEA Member State  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  i.e.  only to investors who can receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State.In the United Kingdom  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at Qualified Investors who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the ""Order"") or (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). These materials are directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.This document is not for publication or distribution in  directly or indirectly  Australia  Canada  Japan  the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful  and it does not constitute an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities in such countries or in any other jurisdiction. In particular  the document and the information contained herein should not be distributed or otherwise transmitted into the United States or to publications with a general circulation in the United States of America.The Managers are acting for the merged Company in connection with the Rights Issue and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than the merged Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for providing advice in relation to the Rights Issue or any transaction or arrangement referred to in this announcement.Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""continue""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""should""  ""will"" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions.Although the Company and Oncoinvent believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The information  opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date and are subject to change without notice. This announcement is made by and is the responsibility of  the Company. Neither the Managers nor any of their affiliates makes any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this announcement and none of them accepts any responsibility for the contents of this announcement or any matters referred to herein.This announcement is for information purposes only and is not to be relied upon in substitution for the exercise of independent judgment. It is not intended as investment advice and under no circumstances is it to be used or considered as an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a recommendation to buy or sell any securities of the Company or Oncoinvent. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. Neither the Managers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any liability arising from the use of this announcement.Följande bilagor finns för nedladdning:Joint Press Release - Merger TransactionSe fullständigt pressmeddelande och andra nyheter från detta bolag på Cision News.Vill du också synas med dina nyheter på Di.se?Läs mer om publicering på Di.se",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['radiopharmaceutical cancer therapies', 'rising innovator', 'rights issue', 'BerGenBio', 'Oncoinvent', 'merger', 'HVentures Capital I AB', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'one randomized phase 2 trial', 'Hadean Capital I AS', 'Preliminary clinical efficacy data', 'one phase 1 trial', 'preliminary efficacy data', 'solvent liquidation scenario', 'extraordinary general meetings', 'ongoing Phase 2 trial', 'Norwegian radiopharmaceutical technology', 'randomised phase 2 trial', 'radiopharmaceutical therapy field', 'novel radiopharmaceutical therapies', 'lead product candidate', 'alpha-emitting radionuclide radium', 'phase 1/2a trial', 'clinical development plan', 'clinical development program', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'underwritten rights issue', 'successful cancer drug', 'experienced Oncoinvent team', 'The Merger values', 'current BerGenBio shareholders', 'Meteva AS', 'Hadean Ventures', 'Linc AB', 'Interim data', 'clinical strategy', 'clinical trials', 'drug products', 'exchange ratio', 'productive use', 'life-changing treatments', 'abdominal cavity', 'peritoneal carcinomatosis', 'closing price', 'Monday 30 June', 'shareholder base', 'interim readout', 'largest shareholder', 'voting undertakings', 'lock-up commitments', 'six months', 'strategic review', 'DNB Carnegie', 'shareholder value', 'BGBC016 study', 'Anders Tullgren', 'joining forces', 'extensive review', 'strategic options', 'best option', 'Øystein Soug', 'focused strategy', 'balance sheet', 'transformative force', 'peritoneal cavity', 'micro-metastases post-surgery', 'modern radiopharmaceuticals', 'biological targeting', 'two indications', 'peritoneal metastases', 'serious toxicity', 'manufacturing facility', 'Øyvind Bruland', 'Roy Larsen', 'ovarian cancer', 'colorectal cancer', 'This Merger', 'statutory merger', 'combined company', 'merged company', 'exciting company', 'safety concerns', 'continued listing', 'cash runway', 'forthcoming CEO', 'significant premium', 'ability', 'patients', '1.20268049 shares', 'NOK', 'distribution', 'valuation', 'connection', 'December', 'combination', 'liquidity', 'uplisting', 'approval', 'completion', 'proceeds', 'favour', 'period', 'announcement', 'Agreement', 'cooperation', 'decision', 'chair', 'board', 'companies', 'result', 'range', 'part', 'encouraging', 'time', 'execution', 'Radspherin®', 'track', 'lives', 'benefits', 'complexities', 'addition', 'UK', 'Europe', 'H2', 'state', 'Nydalen', 'pioneers', 'Norway', 'Xofigo', 'Algeta', 'Bayer', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'subsidiary', 'consideration']",2025-06-30,2025-06-30,di.se
51588,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.theportugalnews.com/news/2025-06-30/attracting-talent-through-tax-breaks/98973,Attracting talent through tax breaks,"The economist states that the talent attraction regime introduced in 2024 ""is quite competitive in European terms"" and that it may represent an opportunity in relation to the United Kingdom  where the Government has been increasing the tax burden on workers and non-residents.","Isabel Ucha says that tax incentives are crucial to attract talent and to develop companies.By TPN/Lusa  in News  Business  Portugal · 30 Jun 2025  17:02 · 0 CommentsThe tax regime for non-habitual residents (NHRs) is part of a strategy to develop the financial sector in Portugal by attracting specialised professionals from abroad  according to the president of Euronext Lisbon  Isabel Ucha.At an event in London to promote the Tax Incentive for Scientific Research and Innovation (IFICI+)  she stated that the new tax regime for non-habitual residents ""is part of a strategy  because everything starts with people"".""We cannot develop companies  grow companies  bring innovation  if we do not bring people who are capable of doing so""  said the president of Euronext Lisbon to Lusa Agency.According to Ucha  ""this type of player helps to bring capital to Portugal  invest in Portuguese companies  make Portuguese companies grow and this will also certainly bring more capital market operations and capital market financing  whether through bond issuances  possible IPOs and even other instruments"".The economist states that the talent attraction regime introduced in 2024 ""is quite competitive in European terms"" and that it may represent an opportunity in relation to the United Kingdom  where the Government has been increasing the tax burden on workers and non-residents.""Therefore  there is an opportunity here to attract people and companies that are not satisfied and that may see Portugal as an opportunity to not only operate there  but to operate from Portugal to the rest of Europe""  said Isabel Ucha.The president of Euronext Lisbon was speaking on the sidelines of an information session held at the Portuguese Embassy in the United Kingdom  promoted by the law firm SRS Legal.Another speaker  the director of the Securities and Exchange Commission (CVM)  Carla Rodrigues Mãe  also highlighted the importance of participating in this type of initiative abroad that can help develop the capital market.The official recalled that she had already participated in a similar event in 2019 in London  on the occasion of 'Brexit'  in order to attract investment to Portugal  and highlighted the importance of a tax regime in attracting specialised and qualified professionals.""What we feel is that there is an increasing demand from investors in Portugal and many of them want to reside in Portugal""  she revealed to Lusa  mentioning factors such as geopolitical instability and the uncertainty created by the President of the United States  Donald Trump.For Rodrigues Mãe  it is important that Portugal is seen as one of the most attractive options for companies to establish themselves in the European space.""If we can be on the 'shortlist' of the three countries where they are thinking of setting up shop  that is already a victory for us. Of course  the ultimate victory is for them to set up shop and apply for authorization in Portugal "" she stated.The founder and senior partner of SRS Legal  Pedro Rebelo de Sousa  believes that Portugal  which for a long time was at a disadvantage compared to other more central European countries  is benefiting from the ""search for geographically more neutral countries."" ""Clearly  in Europe  it is impossible to be more neutral"".The IFICI+ tax regime allows professionals covered to pay an income tax rate of 20% on income from dependent and independent work (categories A and B)  including exemptions on other income  such as capital gains  for example.To benefit from the scheme  in addition to needing to be part of the range of recognised professions  interested parties cannot have had tax residence in Portugal in the five years prior to registration  nor benefit from NHR or Regressar (for former residents who returned to Portugal).",positive,0.76,0.22,0.02,mixed,0.16,0.2,0.64,True,English,"['tax breaks', 'talent', 'Pedro Rebelo de Sousa', 'Carla Rodrigues Mãe', 'new tax regime', 'IFICI+ tax regime', 'capital market operations', 'capital market financing', 'central European countries', 'talent attraction regime', 'income tax rate', 'tax incentives', 'European terms', 'tax burden', 'European space', 'three countries', 'neutral countries', 'tax residence', 'capital gains', 'non-habitual residents', 'financial sector', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'Scientific Research', 'bond issuances', 'possible IPOs', 'United Kingdom', 'information session', 'Portuguese Embassy', 'law firm', 'SRS Legal', 'Exchange Commission', 'increasing demand', 'geopolitical instability', 'United States', 'Donald Trump', 'attractive options', 'senior partner', 'long time', 'independent work', 'recognised professions', 'interested parties', 'five years', 'former residents', 'Isabel Ucha', 'other instruments', 'qualified professionals', 'other income', 'Lusa Agency', 'similar event', 'ultimate victory', 'Portuguese companies', 'specialised professionals', 'TPN/Lusa', 'News', 'Business', 'Portugal', '30 Jun', '0 Comments', 'NHRs', 'strategy', 'president', 'London', 'Innovation', 'everything', 'people', 'type', 'player', 'economist', 'opportunity', 'relation', 'Government', 'workers', 'non-residents', 'sidelines', 'speaker', 'director', 'Securities', 'CVM', 'importance', 'initiative', 'official', 'occasion', 'Brexit', 'order', 'investment', 'investors', 'factors', 'uncertainty', 'shortlist', 'shop', 'authorization', 'founder', 'disadvantage', 'categories', 'exemptions', 'example', 'scheme', 'addition', 'range', 'registration', 'Regressar']",2025-06-30,2025-06-30,theportugalnews.com
51589,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-06/65792323-bilendi-bilendi-celebrates-20-years-of-stock-market-listing-from-a-french-pioneer-to-a-global-group-015.htm,BILENDI: Bilendi celebrates 20 years of stock market listing. From a French pioneer to a global Group,Bilendi celebrates 20 years of stock market listing. From a French pioneer to a global Group BILENDI BILENDI: Bilendi celebrates 20 years of stock market listing. From a French pioneer,"DJ BILENDI: Bilendi celebrates 20 years of stock market listing. From a French pioneer to a global GroupBILENDI BILENDI: Bilendi celebrates 20 years of stock market listing. From a French pioneer to a global Group 30-Jun-2025 / 17:40 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Bilendi celebrates 20 years of stock market listing From a French pioneer to a global Group Paris  June 30  2025 - Bilendi  a world leader in technology  data and AI solutions for the market research industry  celebrates 20 years of listing on Euronext Growth (formerly Alternext). To mark the occasion  Marc Bidou  Chairman  CEO and founder of Bilendi  said: ""The IPO was a major turning point in the history of our company  which has been transformed over the last 20 years to become a global group. The stock market has been a key lever to support our organic growth  accompany our strategy of targeted acquisitions and strengthen our leadership position in a constantly changing global market. We owe this success above all to the commitment of the men and women of Bilendi  to the confidence of our customers and to the support of our partners  our directors and our shareholders  whom I would like to thank warmly for their loyalty and trust. These 20 years are just a milestone: Bilendi is more than ever looking to the future  determined to increase its technological footprint  its global presence and to create ever more value for its stakeholders."" Initially known as Maximiles  a pioneer in online loyalty in France  the Group has demonstrated strategic agility to become  in the space of two decades  a world leader in technologies  data and artificial intelligence solutions for the market research sector. Today  with a presence in 18 countries  21 offices and 650 employees  the Group has made remarkable progress since its IPO in 2005  combining sustained growth with continuous improvement in profitability. Bilendi has increased its sales 17-fold  from EUR5.3m in 2004 to more than EUR90m in 2024 (aggregate basis[1])  representing an average annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15.2% over 20 years  combined with an EBITDA margin for 2024 of more than 22% (aggregate basis1). On the stock market  Bilendi's valuation has increased 3.6-fold since its IPO  from EUR28m to EUR102m today. Bilendi has been able to anticipate changes in its sector by investing massively in technology  the digitalisation of collection processes and the integration of artificial intelligence. Today  these innovations enable its customers to benefit from richer  more accurate and faster data  in an environment where data has become a strategic asset. Bilendi's 20 years on the stock market illustrate its ability to transform itself while remaining true to its entrepreneurial values. The company has been able to combine profitable growth  operational excellence and financial rigour  while maintaining a strong commitment to its customers  research institutes  consultancies  universities  brands  etc. At the dawn of this new decade  Bilendi intends to continue its growth trajectory  true to its ambition to be a key technological player in intelligent data on a global scale. Next publication: sales for the first half of 2025  23 July 2025 (after close of trading). About Bilendi Bilendi is a world leader in AI technology  data and solutions for the market research industry. Bilendi's mission is to collect and process reliable data  in an ethical manner  from consumers  citizens  patients  professionals  ... for researchers to better understand our society  and for economic and political actors  to make informed decisions. With a team of over 650 people  Bilendi is present in 18 countries in Europe  North America and South America. Certified ISO 20252:2019  Bilendi has developed BARI  an AI dedicated to the market research industry; Bilendi Discuss  a market research platform available in SaaS mode  Bilendi Platform  which gives clients self-service access to the group's solutions; and high-quality online panels in 36 countries in Europe  North America and Latin America. In 2024  Bilendi announced the acquisition of Tandemz (specialist in the recruitment of UX testers) and Netquest (leader in technologies and data for the market research industry in Iberia and Latin America)  bringing the Group's aggregate sales over 2024 to more than EUR90m  with an EBITDA margin in excess of 22%. The Group is listed on Euronext Growth Paris. ISIN code: FR0004174233 - Mnemo code: ALBLD - PEA PME eligible - Bpifrance ""Innovative Company"" qualification. www.bilendi.com Contacts BILENDI Marc Bidou - Chairman and founder Tel: +33 (0)1 44 88 60 30 m.bidou@bilendi.com SEITOSEI.ACTIFIN Analyst & Investor Relations Press Relations Foucauld Charavay Isabelle Dray foucauld.charavay@seitosei-actifin.com Isabelle.dray@seitosei.actifin.com Tel.: 01 56 88 11 29 Tel: 01 56 88 11 10-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[1] Including Netquest - company estimate  unaudited----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Bilendi celebrates 20 years of stock market listing. From a French pioneer to a global Group=---------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: BILENDI 4 rue de Ventadour 75001 PARIS France E-mail: contact.fr@bilendi.com Internet: www.bilendi.com ISIN: FR0004174233 Euronext Ticker: ALBLD AMF Category: Inside information / Other releases EQS News ID: 2162622 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2162622 30-Jun-2025 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=2162622&application_name=news&site_id=dow_jones%7e%7e%7ebed8b539-0373-42bd-8d0e-f3efeec9bbed(END) Dow Jones NewswiresJune 30  2025 11:40 ET (15:40 GMT)",neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['stock market listing', 'French pioneer', 'global Group', 'BILENDI', '20 years', 'Investor Relations Press Relations Foucauld Charavay', 'average annual growth rate', 'Bpifrance ""Innovative Company"" qualification', 'Isabelle Dray foucauld', 'major turning point', 'market research industry', 'high-quality online panels', 'French Regulatory News', 'market research platform', 'key technological player', 'changing global market', 'stock market listing', 'market research sector', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'artificial intelligence solutions', 'BILENDI Marc Bidou', 'Isabelle.dray', 'research institutes', 'key lever', 'technological footprint', 'organic growth', 'sustained growth', 'profitable growth', 'growth trajectory', 'global scale', 'French pioneer', 'CEST Dissemination', 'targeted acquisitions', 'leadership position', 'online loyalty', 'strategic agility', 'two decades', 'remarkable progress', 'continuous improvement', 'aggregate basis', 'EBITDA margin', 'collection processes', 'strategic asset', 'entrepreneurial values', 'operational excellence', 'financial rigour', 'new decade', 'Next publication', 'first half', 'ethical manner', 'political actors', 'informed decisions', 'North America', 'South America', 'SaaS mode', 'self-service access', 'Latin America', 'UX testers', 'ISIN code', 'Mnemo code', 'PEA PME', 'Bilendi Platform', 'world leader', 'global Group', 'global presence', 'EQS Group', 'strong commitment', 'ACTIFIN Analyst', 'AI solutions', 'faster data', 'intelligent data', 'reliable data', 'DJ BILENDI', 'Bilendi Discuss', 'aggregate sales', 'last 20 years', 'The Group', 'AI technology', 'BILENDI BILENDI', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Alternext', 'occasion', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'founder', 'IPO', 'history', 'strategy', 'success', 'women', 'confidence', 'customers', 'support', 'partners', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'trust', 'milestone', 'future', 'stakeholders', 'Maximiles', 'space', 'technologies', '18 countries', '21 offices', '650 employees', 'profitability', 'CAGR', 'valuation', 'changes', 'digitalisation', 'integration', 'innovations', 'accurate', 'environment', 'consultancies', 'universities', 'brands', 'dawn', 'ambition', 'close', 'trading', 'mission', 'consumers', 'citizens', 'patients', 'professionals', 'researchers', 'society', 'economic', 'team', '650 people', 'Europe', 'BARI', 'clients', '36 countries', 'Tandemz', 'specialist', 'recruitment', 'Netquest', 'Iberia', 'excess', 'ALBLD', 'Contacts', 'SEITOSEI', '01']",2025-06-06,2025-06-30,finanznachrichten.de
51590,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6145796,Egide: Availability of the 2024 annual financial report,The Company draws investors' attention to the fact that the company's statutory auditors have issued their audit report on the updated 2024 financial statements. They have expressed reservations leading them to an inability to certify the 2024 financial statements.,"Bollène (France)  June 30  2025 – 06 :00pm (CET)Press ReleasesAvailabilityof the 2024 annual financial reportEgide Group (Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN: FR0000072373 - Ticker: ALGID)  worldwide provider of hermetic packages and connectors and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components  announces that it has made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) its Annual Financial Report as of December 31  2024.The 2024 Annual Financial Report can be consulted on the Group's website: www.egide-group.com in the Finance/Financial Information/Financial Reports section.The following documents are included in the 2024 Annual Financial Report:The 2024 activity report The 2024 consolidated financial statements The 2024 annual financial statements The statutory auditors' report on the 2024 consolidated financial statements The statutory auditors' report on the 2024 annual financial statements.The Company draws investors' attention to the fact that the company's statutory auditors have issued their audit report on the updated 2024 financial statements. They have expressed reservations leading them to an inability to certify the 2024 financial statements.Their main areas of uncertainty concerning the parent company and consolidated 2024 financial statements relate to:The elements supporting the forecasted budget The valuation of securities (statutory accounts) The valuation of inventories Discrepancies in intercompany accounts.GENERAL MEETINGThe company informs its shareholders that the General Meeting will be held on September 10  2025 at 11:00 AM in Bollène.Other documents relating to the General Meeting will be available in the ""General Meeting"" section of Egide's website  in accordance with current regulations.FINANCIAL CALENDAR2025 HY Revenue: July 30  2025Combined General Meeting: September 10  20252025 HY Results: October 20  2025CONTACTSEGIDE David HIEN CEO +33 4 90 30 35 98 [email protected]FIN’EXTENSO Isabelle APRILE Financial Communications Agency +33 6 17 38 61 78 [email protected]About Egide Group – Keep up to date with all the Group’s news online: www.egide-group.com et LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed on Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN: FR0000072373 - Ticker: ALGIDAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.35,0.46,True,English,"['2024 annual financial report', 'Egide', 'Availability', 'Isabelle APRILE Financial Communications Agency', 'Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'EGIDE David HIEN CEO', 'The 2024 Annual Financial Report', 'cutting edge markets', 'Press Releases Availability', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'Financial Reports section', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', '2024 annual financial statements', '2024 consolidated financial statements', 'The 2024 activity report', ""statutory auditors' report"", 'Combined General Meeting', 'General Meeting"" section', '2024 financial statements', 'audit report', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'statutory accounts', 'Bollène', 'worldwide provider', 'hermetic packages', 'following documents', ""investors' attention"", 'main areas', 'intercompany accounts', 'Other documents', 'current regulations', '2025 HY Revenue', '2025 HY Results', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'international dimension', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'market niche', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'The Company', 'parent company', 'ALGID Attachment', 'Egide Group', 'France', 'June', '00pm', 'CET', 'Ticker', 'connectors', 'public', 'AMF', 'December', 'website', 'egide-group', 'reservations', 'inability', 'uncertainty', 'elements', 'budget', 'valuation', 'securities', 'inventories', 'Discrepancies', 'shareholders', 'September', '11:00 AM', 'accordance', 'July', 'October', 'CONTACTS', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', '06', '90']",2025-07-01,2025-06-30,taiwannews.com.tw
51591,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6145803,Equasens: acquisition of DIS and RESURGENCES BUSINESSES,EQUASENS ACQUIRES DIS AND RESURGENCES BUSINESSES  STRENGTHENING ITS POSITION IN THE MARKET OF SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS FOR HEALTHCARE ESTABLISHMENTS. Strengthening the position of a leading provider of software solutions for hospitals and the medical-social sector,"Villers-lès-Nancy (France)  30 June 2025 - 06:00 PM (CET)PRESS RELEASEEQUASENS ACQUIRES DIS AND RESURGENCES BUSINESSES  STRENGTHENING ITS POSITION IN THE MARKET OF SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS FOR HEALTHCARE ESTABLISHMENTS.Strengthening the position of a leading provider of software solutions for hospitals and the medical-social sectorTransaction finalised : acquisition of Novaprove  publisher of ResUrgences software and the DIS business assets  (GESDIS  FACDIS  ARCADIS ranges): acquisition of Novaprove  publisher of ResUrgences software and the DIS business assets  (GESDIS  FACDIS  ARCADIS ranges) Acquisition scope : more than 300 customers in the public healthcare sector  with annual revenue of around €5 million: more than 300 customers in the public healthcare sector  with annual revenue of around €5 million The AXIGATE LINK Division strengthens its position in the market of software solutions for public healthcare establishmentsthe market of software solutions for public healthcare establishments Industrial synergies: The AXIGATE LINK Division expands its range of digital products and services for health and medico-social establishments.***Equasens Group (Euronext Paris™ - Compartment B - FR 0012882389 -$EQS)  announces the completion of the acquisition on July 1  2025  by its AXIGATE LINK Division through its subsidiary Axigate  of two businesses specialising in solutions for the public healthcare sector from a French software solutions editor.This strategic acquisition which is a product of the exclusive negotiations announced on 30 April will contribute to Equasens' goal to significantly strengthen its position in the hospital and medico-social software market  by creating a complete technology ecosystem to support the digital transformation of public and private establishments.Scope and impact of the acquisitionThe acquired business assets cover more than 300 customers in the public healthcare sector and generate annual sales of around €5m. They include:ResUrgences (Novaprove): a cloud-based software platform specialising in the management of hospital emergency services  equipping 8 university hospitals (CHU) and a total of 75 customers. This functionally reliable and robust technological solution optimises the management of emergency department patient flows and care delivery processes.(Novaprove): a cloud-based software platform specialising in the management of hospital emergency services  equipping 8 university hospitals (CHU) and a total of 75 customers. This functionally reliable and robust technological solution optimises the management of emergency department patient flows and care delivery processes. DIS range: digital solutions for public healthcare establishments. 215 sites are equipped with the DIS range  including 125 healthcare establishments (hospitals) and 90 medico-social establishments (mainly nursing homes). This range integrates the management of EPR (Electronic Patient Records)  billing  accounting  business and financial management and HR management  including payroll management solutions. The suite also includes inventory and purchasing management  providing solutions for in-house pharmacies.These two activities have been integrated into the AXIGATE LINK Division  and will strengthen the HOSPILINK solution for Hospitals  Regional Hospital Groups (GHT) and specialised after-care and rehabilitation facilities and psychiatric facilities in France.Growth strategy in actionThis acquisition is fully in line with Equasens' strategy for:developing software solutions for public health establishments  a market with numerous renewal and equipment opportunities and strengthening the Group's offering for both the private practice and hospital segments over the entire patient care pathway.The resulting technical and commercial synergies with the AXIGATE LINK Division's existing solutions will be a major growth driver by optimising resources and accelerating innovation.This acquisition significantly reinforces the Group's position as a key force in the transformation of the digital healthcare ecosystem  providing an even more precise and comprehensive solution for management and EPR (Electronic Patient Records) needs of healthcare establishments and their practitioners.An industrial growth model and future prospectsThe integration of these activities within the AXIGATE LINK Division reflects a clear industrial vision: to expand and complete its software offering for healthcare establishments by adding new technology building blocks to the AXIGATE LINK Division's EPR solutions in various areas (accounting  billing  stock management and payroll).The short-term objective is to develop the new building blocks originating from the acquisition to be integrated into the existing AXIGATE LINK Division ranges: HOSPILINK (hospital)  TITANLINK (nursing homes) and DOMILINK (home care). For ResUrgences  the aim is to strengthen this specialized range while integrating it into the HOSPILINK range as a full-fledged module.The medium-term objective is to create smooth  secure patient care pathways  by improving interoperability between the various services and users  based on our different solutions for institutions (emergency services  nursing homes  hospitals  hospital-at-home programmes  in-home nursing care services) and private healthcare practitioners (physicians  allied health professionals  pharmacies)  by developing new functionalities based on artificial intelligence and data analysis  making it possible to retrieve information from patient records throughout the patient's care pathway.Denis Supplisson  Chief Executive Officer of Equasens  commented: ""This acquisition illustrates our determination to expand and diversify within our core business - software for both private practice and hospital healthcare professionals - by targeting opportunities that make industrial and economic sense. By integrating the ResUrgences and DIS ranges  we are combining the added value of our medico-social and healthcare offerings to meet the growing digital needs of healthcare establishments. Our goal is to become the technology partner of choice to support the transformation of the French healthcare system  by harnessing the potential of innovation to benefit people: improving the handling of administrative and medical tasks to save time for users. ”Grégoire de Rotalier  Deputy CEO of Equasens and Manager of the AXIGATE LINK Division  added: ""For Equasens and the AXIGATE LINK Division  this quality acquisition significantly strengthens our presence in the public health sector  in terms of market share  expertise and product range. This acquisition further reinforces AXIGATE LINK's strong position in the hospital  medico-social and home care sectors  and strengthens a team of 270 employees fully focused on serving 5 000 healthcare and medico-social establishment customers. ”Timetable and integrationOperational integration of the teams and solutions will begin in Q3 2025  with a phased migration plan for customers to Equasens' new technology platforms. Continuity of service is guaranteed throughout the transition period.Upcoming financial communications31 July 2025: Q2 2025 revenue - After the close of trading26 September 2025: H1 2025 results: 26 September 2025About Equasens Group - Follow us also on LinkedInFounded over 35 years ago  Equasens Group  a leader in digital healthcare solutions  today employs over 1.400 people across Europe.Equasens Group’s specialised business applications facilitate the day-to-day work of healthcare professionals and their teams  working in private practice  collaborative medical structures or healthcare establishments. The Group also provides comprehensive support to healthcare professionals in the transformation of their profession by developing electronic equipment  digital solutions and healthcare robotics  as well as data hosting  financing and training adapted to their specific needs.And reflecting the spirit of its tagline ""Technology for a More Human Experience""  the Group is a leading provider of interoperability solutions that improve coordination between healthcare professionals  their communications and data exchange resulting in better patient care and a more efficient and secure healthcare system.Listed on Euronext Paris™  Equasens Group (Compartment B - FR 0012882389 – $EQS) applies a two-pronged development strategy combining organic growth with targeted acquisitions at a European level.CONTACTSAnalyst and Investor Relations:Chief Administrative and Financial Officer: Frédérique SchmidtTel: +33 (0)3 83 15 90 67 - [email protected]Financial communications agency:FIN’EXTENSO - Isabelle AprileTel.: +33 (0)6 17 38 61 78 – [email protected]Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that are not guarantees of future performance and are based on current opinions  forecasts and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about Equasens' current and future strategy and the environment in which Equasens operates. These involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results  performance or achievements  or industry results or other events  to materially differ from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those detailed in Chapter 3 ""Risk factors"" of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers or AMF) on April 29  2025 under number D.25-0334. These forward-looking statements are valid only as of the date of this press release.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.92,0.08,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['RESURGENCES BUSINESSES', 'Equasens', 'acquisition', 'DIS', 'existing AXIGATE LINK Division ranges', 'emergency department patient flows', 'Electronic Patient Records) needs', 'entire patient care pathway', 'new technology building blocks', 'The AXIGATE LINK Division', 'French software solutions editor', 'new building blocks', 'complete technology ecosystem', 'medical-social sector Transaction', 'smooth, secure p', 'major growth driver', 'clear industrial vision', 'care delivery processes', 'robust technological solution', 'public healthcare sector', 'cloud-based software platform', 'industrial growth model', 'Regional Hospital Groups', 'hospital emergency services', 'digital healthcare ecosystem', 'EQUASENS ACQUIRES DIS', 'public healthcare establishments', 'DIS business assets', 'public health establishments', 'medico-social software market', 'payroll management solutions', 'existing solutions', 'subsidiary Axigate', '125 healthcare establishments', 'ARCADIS ranges', 'medico-social establishments', 'Industrial synergies', 'Growth strategy', 'home care', 'comprehensive solution', 'private establishments', 'digital solutions', 'digital products', ""Equasens' goal"", ""Equasens' strategy"", 'HOSPILINK solution', 'hospital segments', 'ResUrgences software', 'Villers-lès-Nancy', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'leading provider', 'annual revenue', 'Euronext Paris™', 'Compartment B', 'two businesses', 'exclusive negotiations', 'annual sales', 'nursing homes', 'house pharmacies', 'rehabilitation facilities', 'psychiatric facilities', 'numerous renewal', 'equipment opportunities', 'private practice', 'resulting technical', 'commercial synergies', 'key force', 'future prospects', 'various areas', 'short-term objective', 'full-fledged module', 'medium-term objective', 'software offering', 'digital transformation', 'specialized range', 'RESURGENCES BUSINESSES', 'Equasens Group', 'financial management', 'HR management', 'purchasing management', 'stock management', 'two activities', 'EPR solutions', '8 university hospitals', 'HOSPILINK range', 'strategic acquisition', 'Acquisition scope', 'France', '30 June', 'CET', 'ITS', 'POSITION', 'Novaprove', 'publisher', 'GESDIS', 'FACDIS', '300 customers', 'completion', 'July', '30 April', 'impact', 'CHU', 'total', '75 customers', 'reliable', '215 sites', 'billing', 'accounting', 'suite', 'inventory', 'GHT', 'line', 'resources', 'innovation', 'precise', 'practitioners', 'integration', 'TITANLINK', 'DOMILINK', 'aim', '06:00']",2025-07-01,2025-06-30,taiwannews.com.tw
51592,EuroNext,Bing API,https://pipelinereview.com/argenx-advances-clinical-development-of-argx-119-in-congenital-myasthenic-syndromes/,argenx Advances Clinical Development of ARGX-119 in Congenital Myasthenic Syndromes,AMSTERDAM  The Netherlands I June 30  2025 I argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced its plan to advance the clinical development ...,Phase 1b study supports proof-of-concept in DOK7 congenital myasthenic syndromesDecision informed by favorable safety profile and consistent functional improvement over time across multiple efficacy measuresAdvancing ARGX-119 further validates strong track record of Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx’s collaborative discovery modelAMSTERDAM  The Netherlands I June 30  2025 I argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced its plan to advance the clinical development of ARGX-119  a first-in-class agonist antibody to muscle-specific kinase (MuSK)  to a registrational study in patients with congenital myasthenic syndromes (CMS) following the analysis of topline data from the Phase 1b study. Detailed results will be presented at a future medical meeting.“The results of our Phase 1b ARGX-119 study in congenital myasthenic syndromes  an ultra-rare disorder that affects patients from birth  builds on our experience and understanding of myasthenic disorders and aligns with our aspiration to serve even more patients living with these debilitating diseases ” said Luc Truyen  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer of argenx.“ARGX-119 is the sixth molecule developed through our Immunology Innovation Program to show proof-of-concept  reflecting the strength of our innovation model where our deep knowledge of the biology and expertise in antibody engineering come together to push the boundaries of what’s possible. argenx remains focused on uncovering new biological insights into misunderstood diseases to meaningfully change the lives of patients who have long-been underserved ” said Peter Ulrichts  Ph.D.  Chief Scientific Officer of argenx.The decision to advance the development of ARGX-119 in CMS is supported by the results of the Phase 1b study. ARGX-119 demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile  which was the primary endpoint. Efficacy was evaluated across multiple secondary and exploratory endpoints  including Six-Minute Walk Test (6MWT)  Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) score and Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score. Consistent improvements were observed in treated DOK7-CMS patients through the 12-week study across multiple efficacy scores.Phase 1b CMS Study DesignThe Phase 1b  multicenter  randomized  double-blinded  placebo-controlled clinical trial assessed safety  tolerability  PK  immunogenicity  and preliminary efficacy of ARGX-119 in participants with DOK7-CMS. The study was also designed to demonstrate proof-of-biology through preliminary efficacy assessments  including muscle weakness  fatigability  daily activities and patient-reported global health outcomes. The clinical trial spanned approximately 11 months across a screening period (up to 28 days)  a 12-week treatment period and a follow-up period of nearly seven months. At baseline  eligible participants were randomized 4:1 to receive intravenous ARGX-119 or placebo. The primary objective was to evaluate safety and tolerability; secondary objectives included PK  immunogenicity and preliminary efficacy of ARGX-119 in participants with DOK7-CMS. All but one of the patients enrolled in the Phase 1b study also participated in an observational natural history study initiated by argenx in 2024 to better understand the CMS patient journey and disease burden  helping to inform future development plans.About Congenital Myasthenic SyndromesCongenital Myasthenic Syndromes (CMS) are an ultra-rare and heterogenous group of congenital neuromuscular disorders caused by genetic defects that are essential for the integrity of the neuromuscular junction. Early age of onset and fatigable muscle weakness are considered clinical hallmarks of CMS. Muscle weakness can be debilitating and life-threatening causing difficulties in speaking or swallowing  impaired or absent mobility  proximal arm and leg weakness  and respiratory insufficiency. DOK7 variations are one of the more frequent and severe causes of CMS  accounting for approximately 24% of CMS cases. There are no approved treatments. The prevalence of CMS is estimated to be 5 per 1M (DOK7-CMS estimated to be 1.2 per 1M).About ARGX-119ARGX-119 is a first-in-class humanized agonist monoclonal antibody (mAb) that specifically targets and activates muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) to promote maturation and stabilization of the neuromuscular junction (NMJ). It is a mAb derived from llamas and discovered using the argenx SIMPLE Antibody™ platform technology. ARGX-119 is being developed for patients with neuromuscular disease  including congenital myasthenic syndromes (CMS)  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). ARGX-119 was developed through argenx’s IIP program in collaboration with the world’s leading key opinion leaders on MuSK and the NMJ  Professor Steven J. Burden from MGH  Professor Shohei Koide from NYU and Professor Jan Verschuuren and Associate Professor Maartje Huijbers from LUMC.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker and is evaluating its broad potential in multiple serious autoimmune diseases while advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Facebook  and YouTube.SOURCE: argenx,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.15,0.54,True,English,"['Congenital Myasthenic Syndromes', 'Clinical Development', 'argenx', 'ARGX-1', 'multicenter, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial', 'argenx SIMPLE Antibody™ platform technology', 'Phase 1b CMS Study Design', 'Associate Professor Maartje Huijbers', 'observational natural history study', 'Professor Steven J. Burden', 'humanized agonist monoclonal antibody', 'DOK7 congenital myasthenic syndromes', 'Phase 1b ARGX-119 study', 'Phase 1b study', 'Professor Shohei Koide', 'Professor Jan Verschuuren', 'strong track record', 'global immunology company', 'future medical meeting', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'new biological insights', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Six-Minute Walk Test', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'global health outcomes', 'amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'spinal muscular atrophy', 'key opinion leaders', 'consistent functional improvement', 'collaborative discovery model', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'multiple efficacy measures', 'multiple efficacy scores', 'future development plans', 'muscle-specific tyrosine kinase', 'congenital neuromuscular disorders', 'severe autoimmune diseases', '12-week treatment period', 'CMS patient journey', 'preliminary efficacy assessments', 'fatigable muscle weakness', 'favorable safety profile', 'agonist antibody', 'myasthenic disorders', '12-week study', 'antibody engineering', 'innovation model', 'clinical development', 'muscle-specific kinase', 'registrational study', 'disease burden', 'clinical hallmarks', 'DOK7 variations', 'multiple secondary', 'Consistent improvements', 'daily activities', 'severe causes', 'debilitating diseases', 'misunderstood diseases', 'screening period', 'follow-up period', 'neuromuscular junction', 'leg weakness', 'neuromuscular disease', 'IIP program', 'The Netherlands', 'topline data', 'ultra-rare disorder', 'Luc Truyen', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'sixth molecule', 'deep knowledge', 'Peter Ulrichts', 'primary endpoint', 'exploratory endpoints', 'Daily Living', 'primary objective', 'secondary objectives', 'heterogenous group', 'genetic defects', 'Early age', 'absent mobility', 'proximal arm', 'respiratory insufficiency', 'tolerability profile', 'CMS cases', 'argenx SE', 'seven months', 'Advancing ARGX-119', 'Detailed results', 'eligible participants', 'intravenous ARGX', 'DOK7-CMS patients', 'argenx.', '11 months', 'proof', 'concept', 'Decision', 'time', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'lives', 'people', 'class', 'MuSK', 'analysis', 'birth', 'experience', 'understanding', 'aspiration', 'strength', 'biology', 'expertise', 'boundaries', 'MWT', 'QMG', 'PK', 'immunogenicity', 'fatigability', 'patient-reported', '28 days', 'baseline', 'integrity', 'onset', 'difficulties', 'frequent', 'treatments', 'prevalence', '1M', 'mAb', 'maturation', 'stabilization', 'NMJ', 'llamas', 'ALS', 'SMA', 'collaboration', 'world', 'leading', 'MGH', 'NYU', 'LUMC']",2025-06-30,2025-06-30,pipelinereview.com
51593,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.netindia123.com/netindia/showdetails.asp?id=4332905&cat=Business,Worldline White Paper Unpacks the Future of Contactless Payments: SoftPOS to Surpass 34 Million Deployments,"Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India]  June 30: Worldline (Euronext: WLN)  a global leader in payment services  today announced the release of its latest white paper titled ""SoftPOS: Transforming Contactless Payments Across Industries"". This comprehensive study ...","Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India]  June 30: Worldline (Euronext: WLN)  a global leader in payment services  today announced the release of its latest white paper titled ""SoftPOS: Transforming Contactless Payments Across Industries"". This comprehensive study ...",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Worldline White Paper', 'Contactless Payments', '34 Million Deployments', 'Future', 'SoftPOS', 'latest white paper', 'global leader', 'payment services', 'Contactless Payments', 'comprehensive study', 'Mumbai', 'Maharashtra', 'India', 'June', 'Worldline', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'release', 'SoftPOS', 'Industries']",2025-06-30,2025-06-30,netindia123.com
