UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
26112,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://cointelegraph.com/news/top-banks-work-to-make-blockchains-interoperable,Unfazed by SEC tumult  top banks work to make blockchains interoperable,Swift  the interbank payments network  has enlisted a dozen world-class institutions — and Chainlink — to fix blockchain’s interoperability deficit.,Amid all the tumult in the crypto world  some of the world’s largest banks have been quietly reflecting on ways to bring digital assets to institutional customers. And last week  a plan emerged.A collaboration  under the guidance of the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication  better known as Swift — the global financial communication and payments network — will soon be testing ways for permissioned bank-owned blockchains to not only talk to each other  but also communicate with public blockchains like Ethereum.Participants in this global experiment include more than a dozen financial heavyweights  including Citi  Lloyds Banking Group  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  and the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group. Chainlink  the decentralized oracle network  is developing the technology to “bridge” these sundry blockchains.“Institutional investors increasingly are considering investments in tokenized assets ” stated the Belgium-based Swift  which connects more than 11 000 financial institutions worldwide  in its June 6 blog. Its headline neatly summarized the task at hand: “Swift explores blockchain interoperability to remove friction from tokenized asset settlement.”The problem is that digital assets today are tracked on a wide range of blockchain networks that are not interoperable  Swift further explained. Each chain has its own functionality and liquidity profile  and there’s a lot of technical “friction” when giant institutions try to interact with one another  let alone public blockchains like Ethereum or Polkadot.This test phase will look at three specific use cases  according to Swift:“The first use case will involve the transfer of tokenized assets between two wallets on the same public blockchain network (Ethereum Sepolia testnet). The second involves the transfer of tokenized assets from a public blockchain (Ethereum) to a permissioned blockchain. And a third use case will test the transfer of tokenized assets from Ethereum to another public blockchain.”Chainlink  for its part  “will be used as an enterprise abstraction layer to securely connect the Swift network to the Ethereum Sepolia network  while Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP) will enable complete interoperability between the source and destination blockchains ” Swift stated.Unfazed by SEC lawsuitsIn an interview with Cointelegraph last week following the news  Chainlink co-founder Sergey Nazarov was asked about the fact that the concurrent Swift/Chainlink announcements seemed to be overshadowed by news of the two United States Securities and Exchange Commission lawsuits against crypto exchanges Binance and Coinbase.News about infrastructural advances sometimes appears to get lost. Or maybe the industry is evolving on parallel tracks now — the regulatory/markets track and the technical/infrastructural?Magazine: AI Eye: Is AI a nuke-level threat? Why AI fields all advance at once  dumb pic puns“Yes  there’s these two parallel worlds ” answered Nazarov. “The cryptocurrency markets go up and down. Historically  what I’ve seen is that when the cryptocurrency markets contract  banks lose interest” in digital assets and blockchain technology.“But I’m not seeing that this time ” he said  stating that the banks are holding fast  quietly working on infrastructure solutions  despite the enduring “crypto winter.”Meanwhile  Swift and its client banks don’t seem to think that the blockchain industry will be consolidating any time soon. “There’s unlikely to be a single prevailing blockchain network ” said Tom Zschach  chief innovation officer at Swift.“We would expect to see a multitude of different platforms emerging  each serving different customer segments with their own bespoke capabilities and requirements. In such a highly fragmented ecosystem  it would simply not be feasible for financial institutions to connect to each and every platform individually.”‘It’s the main problem’Building “bridges” so private and public chains can share information won’t be easy. Historically  cross-blockchain bridges have been vulnerable to hacks  with some $2 billion stolen from bridges in 13 separate heists by mid-way through 2022  according to a Chainalysis report. Is security still a challenge?“I would say it’s the main problem ” answered Nazarov  “because the bridges that exist today haven’t been around for long.” Fortunately  those hacked in 2022 didn’t hold extraordinarily large amounts of value  he added.But looking ahead  “we’re talking about bridges that can move around trillions of dollars of value.”Transfers in the trillions will have to become de rigeur  or standard practice  if “the blockchain industry is to grow into what it should be — not $1 or $2 trillion” in market capitalization  but something on the order of $10  $20 or $50 trillion  said Nazarov. And so interoperability “is  in fact  the main infrastructure problem that our industry actually has to solve.”He added that Chainlink has been working on interoperability issues for years  so why should one expect Chainlink to succeed where others have failed regarding cross-blockchain bridge security?All the cross-blockchain bridges built to date are basically “dumb bridges” that do “whatever you tell them to do  even if that’s fraud ” said Nazarov. Chainlink  by comparison  has built an active risk management network  or ARM network  that “monitors that bridge  whether it’s for information or for value  or whether it’s misbehavior.”Elsewhere  Nazarov compares the state of interoperability in the blockchain industry to that faced by internet developers several decades ago with email. It’s really about improving the user experience.Today  “a bank doesn’t want to tell its customers to integrate with their chain ” said Nazarov  “because it takes too much time. Imagine you and I wanted to email each other  and I was on Gmail  and you were on Yahoo Mail. And in order for us to communicate  I told you  ‘Well  you have to get a Gmail account  then I can email you.’ It doesn’t make any sense. Right?”The internet solved the problem with the Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol and some email protocols that allowed email users on different platforms to communicate easily. “This is the same kind of dynamic here ” he added.“This is about the ability for all chains to create value with each other. Because if you have a chain that can’t gain the value of all the other chains  then our industry is kind of like moving at half speed.”Progress still in a middle stageWhat about a timeline? When do Swift and Chainlink anticipate this will all be rolled out at scale?It’s hard to say  said Nazarov. “It’ll be a gradual increase over time. As more and more banks begin to interface with the private chains of other banks and those private chains connect to public chains  you’ll see a gradual increase over time. Now we’re in the mid stages.”A single large institution could lead the way  “then the rest of them will go in ” he speculated  citing the example of French bank Société Générale deploying its own euro-denominated stablecoin CoinVertible (EURCV) on Ethereum in April. It was the first institutional stablecoin to be deployed on a public blockchain. “That has never happened before ” said Nazarov. “I’m seeing more and more [people] talk about this.”Recent: Is Ron DeSantis good for crypto? Republican makes Bitcoin part of campaignIn addition to those previously mentioned  the financial institutions and financial market infrastructure firms participating in the Swift interoperability project include Clearstream  Euroclear  Six Digital Exchange and the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation — among others.All in all  overcoming this fragmentation among blockchain networks “will be key to the long-term scalability of the market ” said Swift  emphasizing the importance of “removing friction in international transactions” while pledging to work “with our community to explore a potential solution.”The nuances in the global banking world are somewhat different  of course. Banks generally prefer to talk about “digital assets” rather than “crypto” or “cryptocurrencies ” Nazarov noted  but regardless of how one references it  the fact remains that “clients of the banks now consistently want to take part in that industry.”,negative,0.23,0.32,0.45,mixed,0.13,0.11,0.76,True,English,"['SEC tumult', 'top banks', 'blockchains', 'three specific use cases', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication', 'a dozen financial heavyweights', 'New Zealand Banking Group', 'two United States Securities', 'single prevailing blockchain network', 'same public blockchain network', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'first use case', 'third use case', 'decentralized oracle network', 'enterprise abstraction layer', 'concurrent Swift/Chainlink announcements', 'dumb pic puns', 'chief innovation officer', 'global financial communication', 'Exchange Commission lawsuits', 'two parallel worlds', 'different customer segments', 'enduring “crypto winter', 'tokenized asset settlement', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'Ethereum Sepolia testnet', 'Ethereum Sepolia network', 'founder Sergey Nazarov', 'main infrastructure problem', 'payments network', '11,000 financial institutions', 'two wallets', 'global experiment', 'SEC lawsuits', 'parallel tracks', 'infrastructure solutions', 'different platforms', 'blockchain interoperability', 'blockchain networks', 'permissioned blockchain', 'public blockchains', 'crypto exchanges', 'main problem', 'public chains', 'Swift network', 'tokenized assets', 'digital assets', 'institutional customers', 'bank-owned blockchains', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'sundry blockchains', 'Institutional investors', 'June 6 blog', 'wide range', 'liquidity profile', 'giant institutions', 'test phase', 'complete interoperability', 'destination blockchains', 'infrastructural advances', 'regulatory/markets track', 'nuke-level threat', 'cryptocurrency markets', 'Tom Zschach', 'bespoke capabilities', 'fragmented ecosystem', '13 separate heists', 'Chainalysis report', 'large amounts', 'de rigeur', 'standard practice', 'market capitalization', 'interoperability issues', 'blockchain technology', 'blockchain industry', 'crypto world', 'AI Eye', 'AI fields', 'largest banks', 'technical “friction', 'client banks', 'Belgium-based Swift', 'cross-blockchain bridges', 'tumult', 'ways', 'plan', 'collaboration', 'guidance', 'Society', 'Participants', 'Citi', 'Australia', 'investments', 'headline', 'task', 'hand', 'functionality', 'lot', 'Polkadot', 'transfer', 'CCIP', 'source', 'interview', 'Cointelegraph', 'news', 'fact', 'Binance', 'Coinbase', 'technical/infrastructural', 'Magazine', 'interest', 'multitude', 'requirements', 'private', 'information', 'hacks', 'mid-way', 'security', 'challenge', 'value', 'trillions', 'dollars', 'something', 'order', 'years']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,cointelegraph.com
26113,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KATORO-GOLD-PLC-22033612/news/Katoro-Gold-2023-AGM-Notice-44102224/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Katoro Gold : 2023 AGM Notice,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Document  or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediatel…,"Katoro Gold : 2023 AGM Notice 06/13/2023 | 09:59am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Document  or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent professional adviser who  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  or from an appropriately authorised independent financial adviser if you are in a territory outside the United Kingdom. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your ordinary shares in Katoro Gold PLC  please forward this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy at once to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. However  such documents should not be forwarded to  or transmitted in or into  any jurisdiction where to do so might violate the relevant laws and regulations in that jurisdiction. If you have sold or transferred only part of your holding in the shares  you should retain this document and consult the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale of transfer was effected. The distribution of this document in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Katoro Gold PLC (Incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 09306219) (the ""Company"") Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held at 6th Floor  60 Gracechurch Street  London  EC3V 0HR at 10.00 a.m. on 6 July 2023 for the purposes of considering  and if thought fit  passing the resolutions set out below. Resolutions 1 to 6 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions and resolutions 7 to 8 will be proposed as a special resolutions. Background Following the capital reorganisation of the Company  as authorised at the Extraordinary General Meeting on 15 March 2023  the value of the issued share capital of the Company has decreased on the balance sheet. As stated in the RNSs of 24 February 2023 and 15 March 2023 this reorganisation was carried out to improve the Company's funding position and trading liquidity. Due to this decrease in share capital  as well as the cumulative quantum of losses and impairments  the value of the Company's net assets is now less than half of its called-up share capital which is deemed to be a ""serious loss of capital"" within the meaning of section 656 of the Act. In those circumstances  the Directors are required  under section 656 of the Act  to convene a general meeting of the Company to consider whether any  and if so what  steps should be taken to deal with the situation. This situation is likely to remain until further funding is secured and/or the Company's next acquisition has been concluded (which is already in progress). The Board will continue to keep this under review and will update shareholders once this has been completed. In the meantime  however  the Directors would like to ensure that they address the matters arising under section 656 of the Act. The Board does not consider it necessary for specific resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting  which is reflected in the wording of proposed Resolution 8 below. The Board does  however  welcome dialogue with shareholders on this point and the Annual General Meeting will provide a forum for such discussions to take place pursuant to section 656(1) of the Companies Act 2006. 1 The Board notes that the status of a ""serious loss of capital"" under section 656 of the 2006 Act imposes no immediate risk to the Company given the current solvency of its balance sheet and cash flow. Ordinary Resolutions To receive and adopt the Company's audited Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  together with the Reports of the Directors and auditor. To re-elect Mr Myles Campion as a Director of the Company  in accordance with article 57.1.2 of theCompany's Articles of Association. To re-elect Mr Paul Dudley as a Director of the Company  in accordance with article 57.1.2 of theCompany's Articles of Association. To re-appoint Crowe U.K. LLP as auditor of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company. To authorise the Directors to determine the auditor's remuneration. THAT the Directors be  and they are hereby  generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to Section551 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended (the "" Act "")  in substitution for all previous authorities granted to them  to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the Company ("" Rights "") up to an aggregate nominal amount of £468 648.39 and such authority shall  unless previously revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting  expire on the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company in 2024 or on 15 months from the passing of this resolution  whichever is earlier  but in each case  so that the Company may  before such expiry  make offers and enter into agreements which would  or might  require shares to be allotted or Rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares to be granted after the authority given by this resolution has expired. Special Resolutions 7. THAT  subject to the passing of Resolution 6  the Directors be  and are hereby authorised  to allot equity securities (as defined in Section 560(1) of the Act) for wholly cash pursuant to the authority given by Resolution 6 above or to sell equity securities held by the Company as treasury shares  for cash as if Section 561(1) of the Act did not apply to any such allotment  or sale  provided that this power shall be limited to: the allotment of equity securities in connection with an issue in favour of shareholders where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of all such shareholders are proportionate (or as nearly as may be practicable) to the respective number of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company held by them on the record date for such allotment  but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem necessary or expedient in relation to fractional entitlements or legal or practical problems under the laws of  or the requirements of  any recognised regulatory body or any stock exchange  in any territory; and the allotment (otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above) of further equity securities up to an aggregate nominal amount of £468 648.39. provided that this power shall  unless previously revoked or varied by special resolution of the Company in general meeting  expire at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held in 2024 2 or 15 months from the passing of this resolution  whichever is the earlier  so that the Company may  before such expiry  make offers or agreements which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after such expiry and the Directors are hereby empowered to allot equity securities in pursuance of such offers or agreements as if the power conferred hereby had not expired. 8. THAT the shareholders in accordance with section 656 of the Companies Act 2006 consider what  if any  measures should be taken to deal with the serious loss of capital in the Company and that such measures as are deemed appropriate are implemented. By order of the Board Ben Harber Company Secretary 6th Floor  60 Gracechurch Street London EC3V 0HR Date: 9th June 2023 3 Notes to the notice of Annual General Meeting: Entitlement to vote 1. Only those members entered on the register of members of the Company at close of business on 4 July 2023 or  in the event that this meeting is adjourned  at close of business on the day two days prior to the adjourned meeting shall be entitled to attend or vote at the meeting in respect of the number of ordinary shares held in the capital of the Company registered in their name at that time. Changes to entries on the relevant register of securities after that time will be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the meeting. Appointment of proxies If you are a member of the Company at the time set out in note 1 above  you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to speak and vote at the meeting and you should have received a proxy form with this notice of meeting. You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set out in these notes and the notes to the proxy form. A proxy does not need to be a member of the Company however  we encourage shareholders to appoint the Chair of the meeting as proxy. This will ensure that your vote will be counted even though physical attendance at the meeting is prohibited . Details of how to appoint the Chairman of the meeting or another person as your proxy using the proxy form are set out in the notes to the proxy form. If you wish your proxy to speak on your behalf at the meeting you must appoint your own choice of proxy (not the Chairman) and give your instructions directly to the relevant person. Details of how to appoint the Chairman of the meeting or another person as your proxy using the proxy form are set out in the notes to the proxy form. If you wish your proxy to speak on your behalf at the meeting you must appoint your own choice of proxy (not the Chairman) and give your instructions directly to the relevant person. You may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. To appoint more than one proxy  you must complete a separate proxy form for each proxy and specify against the proxy's name the number of shares over which the proxy has rights. If you are in any doubt as to the procedure to be followed for the purpose of appointing more than one proxy you must contact the Company's Registrars  Link Group  on 0371 664 0300 calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales  or you may photocopy the Form of Proxy. If you fail to specify the number of shares to which each proxy relates  or specify a number of shares greater than that held by you on the record date  your proxy appointments will be invalid. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If no voting indication is given  your proxy will vote or abstain from voting at their discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as they think fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the meeting. Appointment of proxy through CREST 7. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Meeting and any adjournment thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST manual. The CREST manual can be found at www.euroclear.com. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST proxy instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's (""EUI"") specification and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST manual. All messages regarding the appointment of a proxy or an instruction to a previously appointed proxy must be transmitted so as to be received by Link Group (ID RA10) by no later than 10.00 a.m. on 4 July 2023. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will apply in relation to the input of CREST proxy instructions. It is therefore the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. 4 Appointment of proxy using hard copy proxy The notes to the proxy form explain how to direct your proxy how to vote on each resolution or withhold their vote. To appoint a proxy using the proxy form  it must be: completed and signed; sent or delivered to the Company's Registrars Link Group at PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL; and received by Link Group no later than 10.00 a.m. on 4 July 2023. In the case of a member which is a company  the proxy form must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer or agent of the company so authorised. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the proxy form is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the proxy form. Appointment of proxy by joint members 10. In the case of joint holders of shares  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder (being the first named holder in respect of the shares in the Company's register of members) will be accepted. Changing proxy instructions To change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Note that the cut off time for receipt of proxy appointments specified in those paragraphs also applies in relation to amended instructions. Any amended proxy appointment received after the specified cut off time will be disregarded. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard copy proxy form and would like to change the instructions using another hard copy proxy form  please contact Link Group as indicated in note 7 above. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence. Termination of proxy appointments In order to revoke a proxy instruction you will need to inform the Company by sending a signed hard copy notice clearly stating your intention to revoke your proxy appointment to the Company's Registrars as indicated in note 7 above. In the case of a member which is a company  the revocation notice must be signed on its behalf by an officer or agent of the company so authorised. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the revocation notice is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the revocation notice. The revocation notice must be received by the Company's Registrars no later than 10.00 a.m. on 4 July 2023. If you attempt to revoke your proxy appointment but the revocation is received after the time specified then  subject to note 16 below  your proxy appointment will remain valid. Appointment of a proxy does not preclude you from attending the meeting and voting in person. If you have appointed a proxy and attend the meeting in person  your proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. Corporate representatives 17. A corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise  on its behalf  all its powers as a member provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers over the same share. Documents available for inspection 18. The following documents will be available for inspection at the registered office of the Company on any weekday) (except Saturdays  Sundays and Bank Holidays) during normal business hours from the date of this notice until the date of the meeting and at the place of the meeting for 15 minutes prior to and until the conclusion of the meeting: copies of the directors' letters of appointment with the Company and the articles of association of the Company. Total voting rights 19. As at 5.00 p.m. on 9 June 2023 (being the last business day prior to the publication of this notice)  the Company's issued share capital comprised 669 497 693 ordinary shares of £0.001 each. Each ordinary 5 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Katoro Gold plc published this content on 13 June 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 13 June 2023 13:58:07 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about KATORO GOLD PLC 06/13 Katoro Gold : 2023 AGM Notice PU 06/09 FTSE 100 Closes Down 0.5% Ahead of Rate Decisions  Croda Slips After Profit Warning DJ 06/09 Katoro Gold annual loss widens on impairments  outlook hopeful AN 06/09 Earnings Flash (KAT.L) KATORO GOLD Reports FY22 Loss GBX-0.23 MT 06/09 Katoro Gold plc Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 04/03 Katoro Gold raises GBP150 000 in placing and subscription AN 03/15 Katoro Gold : Articles of association PU 02/24 FTSE 100 Ends Week Down as US Inflation Rise Hits Stocks Globally DJ 02/24 Katoro seeks shareholder approval to subdivide share capital AN 02/24 GBP/USD Could Stabilize as Implied Volatility Falls DJ",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Katoro Gold', '2023 AGM Notice', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Katoro Gold PLC', 'Crowe U.K. LLP', 'other independent professional adviser', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'independent financial adviser', 'next general meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Mr Myles Campion', 'Mr Paul Dudley', 'independent financial advice', 'Annual Report', 'other agent', 'Financial Services', 'next acquisition', 'Financial Statements', 'Required fields', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'United Kingdom', 'accompanying Form', 'relevant laws', 'securities laws', 'registered number', '6th Floor', '60 Gracechurch Street', 'balance sheet', 'trading liquidity', 'cumulative quantum', 'net assets', 'serious loss', 'immediate risk', 'current solvency', 'cash flow', 'share capital', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'specific resolutions', 'First name', 'bank manager', 'ordinary shares', 'funding position', 'Markets Act', 'Companies Act', 'AGM Notice', 'The Board', 'capital reorganisation', '2006 Act', 'commas', 'Message', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'territory', 'Proxy', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'delivery', 'jurisdiction', 'regulations', 'part', 'holding', 'distribution', 'persons', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'England', 'Wales', 'London', 'EC3V', '10.00 a', '6 July', 'purposes', '15 March', 'value', 'RNSs', '24 February', 'decrease', 'losses', 'impairments', 'half', 'meaning', 'section', 'circumstances', 'Directors', 'steps', 'situation', 'progress', 'review', 'shareholders', 'meantime', 'matters', 'wording', 'dialogue', 'point', 'forum', 'discussions', 'place', 'status', 'year', 'Reports', 'auditor', 'accordance', 'article', 'Association', 'office', 'conclusion', 'accounts', 'remuneration', 'substitution', 'prev']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26114,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://cointelegraph.com/news/top-banks-work-to-make-blockchains-interoperable,Unfazed by SEC tumult  top banks work to make blockchains interoperable,Swift  the interbank payments network  has enlisted a dozen world-class institutions — and Chainlink — to fix blockchain’s interoperability deficit.,Amid all the tumult in the crypto world  some of the world’s largest banks have been quietly reflecting on ways to bring digital assets to institutional customers. And last week  a plan emerged.A collaboration  under the guidance of the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication  better known as Swift — the global financial communication and payments network — will soon be testing ways for permissioned bank-owned blockchains to not only talk to each other  but also communicate with public blockchains like Ethereum.Participants in this global experiment include more than a dozen financial heavyweights  including Citi  Lloyds Banking Group  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  and the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group. Chainlink  the decentralized oracle network  is developing the technology to “bridge” these sundry blockchains.“Institutional investors increasingly are considering investments in tokenized assets ” stated the Belgium-based Swift  which connects more than 11 000 financial institutions worldwide  in its June 6 blog. Its headline neatly summarized the task at hand: “Swift explores blockchain interoperability to remove friction from tokenized asset settlement.”The problem is that digital assets today are tracked on a wide range of blockchain networks that are not interoperable  Swift further explained. Each chain has its own functionality and liquidity profile  and there’s a lot of technical “friction” when giant institutions try to interact with one another  let alone public blockchains like Ethereum or Polkadot.This test phase will look at three specific use cases  according to Swift:“The first use case will involve the transfer of tokenized assets between two wallets on the same public blockchain network (Ethereum Sepolia testnet). The second involves the transfer of tokenized assets from a public blockchain (Ethereum) to a permissioned blockchain. And a third use case will test the transfer of tokenized assets from Ethereum to another public blockchain.”Chainlink  for its part  “will be used as an enterprise abstraction layer to securely connect the Swift network to the Ethereum Sepolia network  while Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP) will enable complete interoperability between the source and destination blockchains ” Swift stated.Unfazed by SEC lawsuitsIn an interview with Cointelegraph last week following the news  Chainlink co-founder Sergey Nazarov was asked about the fact that the concurrent Swift/Chainlink announcements seemed to be overshadowed by news of the two United States Securities and Exchange Commission lawsuits against crypto exchanges Binance and Coinbase.News about infrastructural advances sometimes appears to get lost. Or maybe the industry is evolving on parallel tracks now — the regulatory/markets track and the technical/infrastructural?Magazine: AI Eye: Is AI a nuke-level threat? Why AI fields all advance at once  dumb pic puns“Yes  there’s these two parallel worlds ” answered Nazarov. “The cryptocurrency markets go up and down. Historically  what I’ve seen is that when the cryptocurrency markets contract  banks lose interest” in digital assets and blockchain technology.“But I’m not seeing that this time ” he said  stating that the banks are holding fast  quietly working on infrastructure solutions  despite the enduring “crypto winter.”Meanwhile  Swift and its client banks don’t seem to think that the blockchain industry will be consolidating any time soon. “There’s unlikely to be a single prevailing blockchain network ” said Tom Zschach  chief innovation officer at Swift.“We would expect to see a multitude of different platforms emerging  each serving different customer segments with their own bespoke capabilities and requirements. In such a highly fragmented ecosystem  it would simply not be feasible for financial institutions to connect to each and every platform individually.”‘It’s the main problem’Building “bridges” so private and public chains can share information won’t be easy. Historically  cross-blockchain bridges have been vulnerable to hacks  with some $2 billion stolen from bridges in 13 separate heists by mid-way through 2022  according to a Chainalysis report. Is security still a challenge?“I would say it’s the main problem ” answered Nazarov  “because the bridges that exist today haven’t been around for long.” Fortunately  those hacked in 2022 didn’t hold extraordinarily large amounts of value  he added.But looking ahead  “we’re talking about bridges that can move around trillions of dollars of value.”Transfers in the trillions will have to become de rigeur  or standard practice  if “the blockchain industry is to grow into what it should be — not $1 or $2 trillion” in market capitalization  but something on the order of $10  $20 or $50 trillion  said Nazarov. And so interoperability “is  in fact  the main infrastructure problem that our industry actually has to solve.”He added that Chainlink has been working on interoperability issues for years  so why should one expect Chainlink to succeed where others have failed regarding cross-blockchain bridge security?All the cross-blockchain bridges built to date are basically “dumb bridges” that do “whatever you tell them to do  even if that’s fraud ” said Nazarov. Chainlink  by comparison  has built an active risk management network  or ARM network  that “monitors that bridge  whether it’s for information or for value  or whether it’s misbehavior.”Elsewhere  Nazarov compares the state of interoperability in the blockchain industry to that faced by internet developers several decades ago with email. It’s really about improving the user experience.Today  “a bank doesn’t want to tell its customers to integrate with their chain ” said Nazarov  “because it takes too much time. Imagine you and I wanted to email each other  and I was on Gmail  and you were on Yahoo Mail. And in order for us to communicate  I told you  ‘Well  you have to get a Gmail account  then I can email you.’ It doesn’t make any sense. Right?”The internet solved the problem with the Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol and some email protocols that allowed email users on different platforms to communicate easily. “This is the same kind of dynamic here ” he added.“This is about the ability for all chains to create value with each other. Because if you have a chain that can’t gain the value of all the other chains  then our industry is kind of like moving at half speed.”Progress still in a middle stageWhat about a timeline? When do Swift and Chainlink anticipate this will all be rolled out at scale?It’s hard to say  said Nazarov. “It’ll be a gradual increase over time. As more and more banks begin to interface with the private chains of other banks and those private chains connect to public chains  you’ll see a gradual increase over time. Now we’re in the mid stages.”A single large institution could lead the way  “then the rest of them will go in ” he speculated  citing the example of French bank Société Générale deploying its own euro-denominated stablecoin CoinVertible (EURCV) on Ethereum in April. It was the first institutional stablecoin to be deployed on a public blockchain. “That has never happened before ” said Nazarov. “I’m seeing more and more [people] talk about this.”Recent: Is Ron DeSantis good for crypto? Republican makes Bitcoin part of campaignIn addition to those previously mentioned  the financial institutions and financial market infrastructure firms participating in the Swift interoperability project include Clearstream  Euroclear  Six Digital Exchange and the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation — among others.All in all  overcoming this fragmentation among blockchain networks “will be key to the long-term scalability of the market ” said Swift  emphasizing the importance of “removing friction in international transactions” while pledging to work “with our community to explore a potential solution.”The nuances in the global banking world are somewhat different  of course. Banks generally prefer to talk about “digital assets” rather than “crypto” or “cryptocurrencies ” Nazarov noted  but regardless of how one references it  the fact remains that “clients of the banks now consistently want to take part in that industry.”,negative,0.23,0.32,0.45,mixed,0.13,0.11,0.76,True,English,"['SEC tumult', 'top banks', 'blockchains', 'three specific use cases', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication', 'a dozen financial heavyweights', 'New Zealand Banking Group', 'two United States Securities', 'single prevailing blockchain network', 'same public blockchain network', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'first use case', 'third use case', 'decentralized oracle network', 'enterprise abstraction layer', 'concurrent Swift/Chainlink announcements', 'dumb pic puns', 'chief innovation officer', 'global financial communication', 'Exchange Commission lawsuits', 'two parallel worlds', 'different customer segments', 'enduring “crypto winter', 'tokenized asset settlement', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'Ethereum Sepolia testnet', 'Ethereum Sepolia network', 'founder Sergey Nazarov', 'main infrastructure problem', 'payments network', '11,000 financial institutions', 'two wallets', 'global experiment', 'SEC lawsuits', 'parallel tracks', 'infrastructure solutions', 'different platforms', 'blockchain interoperability', 'blockchain networks', 'permissioned blockchain', 'public blockchains', 'crypto exchanges', 'main problem', 'public chains', 'Swift network', 'tokenized assets', 'digital assets', 'institutional customers', 'bank-owned blockchains', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'sundry blockchains', 'Institutional investors', 'June 6 blog', 'wide range', 'liquidity profile', 'giant institutions', 'test phase', 'complete interoperability', 'destination blockchains', 'infrastructural advances', 'regulatory/markets track', 'nuke-level threat', 'cryptocurrency markets', 'Tom Zschach', 'bespoke capabilities', 'fragmented ecosystem', '13 separate heists', 'Chainalysis report', 'large amounts', 'de rigeur', 'standard practice', 'market capitalization', 'interoperability issues', 'blockchain technology', 'blockchain industry', 'crypto world', 'AI Eye', 'AI fields', 'largest banks', 'technical “friction', 'client banks', 'Belgium-based Swift', 'cross-blockchain bridges', 'tumult', 'ways', 'plan', 'collaboration', 'guidance', 'Society', 'Participants', 'Citi', 'Australia', 'investments', 'headline', 'task', 'hand', 'functionality', 'lot', 'Polkadot', 'transfer', 'CCIP', 'source', 'interview', 'Cointelegraph', 'news', 'fact', 'Binance', 'Coinbase', 'technical/infrastructural', 'Magazine', 'interest', 'multitude', 'requirements', 'private', 'information', 'hacks', 'mid-way', 'security', 'challenge', 'value', 'trillions', 'dollars', 'something', 'order', 'years']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,cointelegraph.com
26115,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.internationalinvestment.net/news/4117927/jersey-fintech-collaborates-big-banks-unlock-repo-market,Jersey-based fintech collaborates with big name banks to 'unlock' repo market,Leading brand for international independent financial advisers  wealth management professionals serving expatriate and cross-border clients worldwide.,Jersey-based fintech Consort1  which has managed to unlock the potential of the wholesale repo market  is pleased to announce a collaboration with Clearstream  Standard Chartered Bank  NatWest  Alpha Group  BankClarity  and Arlingclose  supporting the trading of Secured Deposits  with Gloucestershire County Council amongst the first UK local authorities to utilise the new service. As a result of the collaboration  the wholesale repurchase agreement and securities lending market can now be accessed by local authorities  corporates  fund managers  and other institutions who have not previo...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['big name banks', 'Jersey-based fintech', 'repo market', 'first UK local authorities', 'Jersey-based fintech Consort', 'wholesale repo market', 'Standard Chartered Bank', 'Gloucestershire County Council', 'wholesale repurchase agreement', 'securities lending market', 'Alpha Group', 'Secured Deposits', 'new service', 'fund managers', 'other institutions', 'potential', 'collaboration', 'Clearstream', 'NatWest', 'BankClarity', 'Arlingclose', 'trading', 'result', 'corporates']",2023-06-14,2023-06-14,internationalinvestment.net
26116,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/h-rmann-industries-issue-fourth-150035720.html,HÖRMANN Industries to issue fourth corporate bond,a. Exchange period for holders of bond 2019/2024 to commence on 16 June 2023 Subscription period at Deutsche Börse from 21 to 30 June 2023 (early closing possible) Early redemption of existing bond 2019/2024 Kirchseeon  14 June 2023 – Technology ...,EQS-News: Hörmann Industries GmbH / Key word(s): Issue of Debt/FinancingHÖRMANN Industries to issue fourth corporate bondThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  PUBLICATION OR TRANSMISSION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IS ILLEGAL.HÖRMANN Industries to issue fourth corporate bond Issue volume of EUR 50 million; coupon between 6.5% and 7.5% p. a.Exchange period for holders of bond 2019/2024 to commence on 16 June 2023Subscription period at Deutsche Börse from 21 to 30 June 2023 (early closing possible)Early redemption of existing bond 2019/2024Kirchseeon  14 June 2023 – Technology specialist HÖRMANN Industries GmbH will issue its fourth corporate bond. The prospectus for the new bond 2023/2028 (ISIN: NO0012938325; WKN: A351U9) was approved today by the Luxembourg securities supervisory authority  Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF)  and notified to the German Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). The new bond will have an issue volume of EUR 50 million  which is to be used to refinance the existing bond 2019/2024 (ISIN: NO0010851728; WKN: A2TSCH). The new bond is planned to have a term of five years and a coupon of between 6.5% and 7.5% p.a. The final coupon will be fixed – on the basis of the subscription orders received – in the course of the offer period and be announced by way of a pricing decision at the end of the offer period. The issue will take place in the context of a public offer in Luxembourg and Germany and will comprise a voluntary exchange offer to holders of the existing bond 2019/2024. The voluntary exchange offer is scheduled to commence on 16 June 2023 and to end on 28 June 2023  18:00 h CET. For each exchanged bond 2019/2024 in the nominal amount of EUR 1 000  holders will receive a new bond 2023/2028 with a principal amount of EUR 1 000 plus an exchange premium of EUR 2.30 per exchanged bond 2019/2024 plus accrued interest. In addition  bondholders participating in the exchange offer will have the option to purchase additional bonds. The company will redeem the existing bond 2019/2024 - unless exchanged for the new bond 2023/2028 - at the latest three months after the issue date of the new bond by exercising the existing call option. In the context of the public offer  the subscription period via the subscription function of Deutsche Börse is scheduled to run from 21 June 2023 until presumably 30 June 2023  12:00 CET (subject to early closing). The new bond 2023/2028 will also be offered in Germany  Luxembourg and certain other countries by way of a private placement. The new bond is expected to be listed on the Open Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. It is also planned to have the new bond listed in the Nordic ABM segment of the Oslo Stock Exchange within six months from the issue date. Pareto Securities AS  Frankfurt Branch  will act as Sole Lead Manager and Bookrunner for the issue. Established issuer with resilient business model and focus on promising growth segments “Thanks to its diversified and resilient business model  the HÖRMANN Group has successfully mastered the challenging market environment of the past three years ” says Michael Radke  CEO of HÖRMANN Industries GmbH. “At the same time  we have focused the Group on further promising growth segments characterised by high earnings potential. We are benefiting from a number of megatrends  such as mobility  urbanisation and digitalisation  which bracket our divisions – Automotive  Communication  Intralogistics and Engineering – and encourage us to continue innovating for sustainable business development.” In the fiscal year 2022  the HÖRMANN Group generated sales of EUR 685.7 million (previous year:EUR 589.8 million) and earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) of EUR 23.7 million (previous year: EUR 30.0 million). The Automotive and Communication Divisions  as well as the Intralogistics Division  which was established last year  recorded strong sales growth. Despite the difficult economic environment  earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) amounted to EUR 35.3 million (previous year: EUR 45.3 million). The bottom line was a clearly positive consolidated net profit of EUR 12.2 million (previous year: EUR 14.4 million). The Group’s equity base amounted to EUR 136.4 million as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: EUR 131.1 million)  which corresponds to a comfortable equity ratio of 37.4% (31 December 2021: 38.4%). “As a family-owned company with more than 60 years of history  we rely on a stable and diversified financing structure. This also includes corporate bonds  which have proven their worth for over 10 years ” says Johann Schmid-Davis  CFO of HÖRMANN Industries GmbH. “As a recognised and established issuer  we are once again offering our existing and new bondholders the opportunity to participate in the successful expansion of our growth segments and the sustainable further development of our business model while benefiting from the attractive interest rate of the HÖRMANN bond 2023/2028.” The prospectus is available for download at https://www.hoermann-gruppe.com/en/investor-relations/ and https://www.bourse.lu. Key data of the HÖRMANN corporate bond 2023/2028 Issuer Hörmann Industries GmbH  Kirchseeon Issue volume (target volume) EUR 50 000 000 ISIN / WKN NO0012938325  WKN: A351U9 Coupon 6.5% to 7.5% p.a. Issue price 100% Nominal amount / denomination EUR 1 000 Interest payment Annually  first on 11 July 2024 Term Five years  11 July 2023 to 11 July 2028 Redemption Due on 11 July 2028 at the nominal amount (100% of the nominal amount) Early redemption Optional redemption right of the issuer  permissible after three years from the issue date and in other cases; see terms and conditions of the bond for further details. Status Not subordinated  unsecured Covenants E.g. compliance with leverage ratios; see terms and conditions of the bond for further details. Trustee Nordic Trustee AS Stock exchange segment Open Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange; Nordic ABM of the Oslo Stock Exchange within six months from the issue date. Offer structure Public exchange offer in the Federal Republic of Germany and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to holders of the existing bond 2019/2024 including option to purchasePublic offer in the Federal Republic of Germany and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg via the DirectPlace subscription function of Deutsche Börse AGPrivate placement in the Federal Republic of Germany and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and in certain other countries Issue/value date 11 July 2023 Sole Lead Manager Pareto Securities AS  Frankfurt Branch About the HÖRMANN Group The HÖRMANN Group has grown steadily since its formation in 1955. HÖRMANN Holding GmbH & Co. KG is the parent company of more than 30 subsidiaries operating in the Automotive  Communication  Intralogistics and Engineering segments with a high degree of entrepreneurial initiative and independence. The HÖRMANN Group aims to offer its customers specific solutions and services that provide clear benefits and economic advantages. To achieve this  the HÖRMANN Group harnesses all of the broadly diversified and connected knowledge of its workforce of around 2 950 highly qualified employees across a wide range of technology areas. www.hoermann-gruppe.com Contact: HÖRMANN Industries GmbHHauptstr. 45-47D-85614 KirchseeonT +49 8091 5630 0F +49 8091 5630 195info@hoermann-gruppe.comFinancial and business press: IR.on AGFrederic Hilke  Jonas SchneiderT +49 221 9140 97 18hoermann@ir-on.comDISCLAIMER This announcement does not constitute an offer to purchase securities of Hörmann Industries GmbH and is not a substitute for a securities prospectus. An investment decision regarding the bonds of Hörmann Industries GmbH must be made exclusively on the basis of the prospectus approved by the Luxembourg securities supervisory authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier - CSSF)  notified to the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht - BaFin) and published on the company's website at https://www.hoermann-gruppe.com/en/investor-relations/. This announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.14.06.2023 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.14,0.44,True,English,"['HÖRMANN Industries', 'fourth corporate bond', 'German Financial Supervisory Authority', 'positive consolidated net profit', 'fourth corporate bond Issue volume', 'Hörmann Industries GmbH', 'Luxembourg securities supervisory authority', 'Pareto Securities AS', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Nordic ABM segment', 'Sole Lead Manager', 'resilient business model', 'sustainable business development', 'difficult economic environment', 'HÖRMANN Group', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'challenging market environment', 'comfortable equity ratio', 'promising growth segments', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'diversified financing structure', 'voluntary exchange offer', 'past three years', 'strong sales growth', 'high earnings potential', 'existing call option', 'corporate bonds', 'Exchange period', 'exchange premium', 'Open Market', 'Frankfurt Branch', 'equity base', 'offer period', 'public offer', 'The Group', 'existing bond', 'new bond', 'Key word', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER COUNTRY', 'Subscription period', 'Early redemption', 'Technology specialist', 'Commission de', 'Secteur Financier', 'subscription orders', 'pricing decision', 'nominal amount', 'principal amount', 'additional bonds', 'issue date', 'subscription function', 'early closing', 'other countries', 'private placement', 'six months', 'Michael Radke', 'same time', 'fiscal year', 'previous year', 'bottom line', 'Johann Schmid-Davis', 'successful expansion', 'five years', 'The Automotive', 'Intralogistics Division', 'family-owned company', 'final coupon', 'established issuer', '18:00 h', 'Communication Divisions', '60 years', '10 years', 'bondholders', 'EQS-News', 'Debt/Financing', 'content', 'announcement', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'TRANSMISSION', 'AMERICA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'DOCUMENT', '16 June', '30 June', 'Kirchseeon', '14 June', 'prospectus', 'WKN', 'Surveillance', 'CSSF', 'BaFin', 'A2TSCH', 'term', 'basis', 'course', 'way', 'end', 'context', 'Germany', '28 June', 'accrued', 'interest', '21 June', 'Bookrunner', 'CEO', 'number', 'mobility', 'digitalisation', 'Engineering', 'taxes', 'EBIT', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', '31 December', 'history', 'stable', 'worth', 'CFO', 'recognised', 'opportunity', '7.', '37']",2023-06-14,2023-06-14,uk.finance.yahoo.com
26117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-BlackRock-Inc-Euronext-N-V-Amsterdam-44103841/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Euronext N : BlackRock Inc. - Euronext N.V. - Amsterdam,(marketscreener.com) BlackRock Inc. - Euronext N.V. - Amsterdam   BlackRock Inc. - Euronext N.V. - Amsterdam    Below you will find information from the register substantial holdings and gross short positions. The information has been provided by the o…,(marketscreener.com) BlackRock Inc. - Euronext N.V. - Amsterdam   BlackRock Inc. - Euronext N.V. - Amsterdam    Below you will find information from the register substantial holdings and gross short positions. The information has been provided by the o…,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext N.V.', 'BlackRock Inc.', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext N.V.', 'gross short positions', 'Amsterdam BlackRock Inc.', 'substantial holdings', 'information', 'register']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ritholtz.com/2023/06/transcript-mathieu-chabran/,Transcript: Mathieu Chabran,The transcript from this week’s  MiB: Mathieu Chabran  Tikehau Capital  is below. You can stream and download our full conversation  including any podcast extras  on iTunes  Spotify  Stitcher  Google  YouTube  and Bloomberg. All of our earlier podcasts on you…,The transcript from this week’s  MiB: Mathieu Chabran  Tikehau Capital  is below.You can stream and download our full conversation  including any podcast extras  on iTunes  Spotify  Stitcher  Google  YouTube  and Bloomberg. All of our earlier podcasts on your favorite pod hosts can be found here.~~~ANNOUNCER: This is Masters in Business with Barry Ritholtz on Bloomberg Radio.BARRY RITHOLTZ  HOST  MASTERS IN BUSINESS: This week on the podcast  I have an extra special guest. Mathieu Chabran is the co-founder of TIKEHAU Capital  a Paris-based alternative asset manager. They run over $40 billion worth of assets.I found this to be really a fascinating conversation about approaching the world of investing from a different angle. Being creative  thinking out of the box  looking to not just imitate what other people do  but create new opportunities by just thinking about the world differently.The conversation was really informative and quite fascinating. I thought it was great  and I think you will also  with no further ado  my conversation with TIKEHAU Capital’s Mathieu Chabran.MATHIEU CHABRAN  CO-FOUNDER  TIKEHAU CAPITAL: Thank you  Barry.RITHOLTZ: I forgot to mention  you have received the Chevalier dans l’Ordre de la Légion d’Honneur by the president of the French Republic in January 2022. We’ll circle back to that at some other point. I don’t know how relevant that is to asset management  but let’s talk a little bit about you were doing before you were being lauded by the French president.You went to school in Paris  but you began your career in London at Merrill and Deutsche Bank. Tell us a little bit about that background.CHABRAN: Yes  no that’s right Barry. You know  that’s one thing in Europe where London was  I actually think  still remains the one place where you want to get exposure when you join financial services. So I was lucky to get this summer internship at Merrill Lynch back in the late 90s. I met Antoine  effectively my co-founding partner. So that was a while back  but nonetheless  I don’t know if it was love at first sight  but we got to get along pretty well  and after a few years working for investment banks  he then joined Goldman Sachs. I joined  effectively  Deutsche Bank. We decided to try to have a go on our own. We were 28  30 respectively.And looking backwards  as much as investment banking  even with banks that are no longer there  was a great  that was a great training. I think it was a great training. I think we learned a lot. The exposure you get in investment banking  I was a leveraged finance banker by background. And so late 90s  that’s the emergence of the high yield market in Europe  you would print deals like never before. You get this exposure  you’re a young analyst  associate  you get to go on the road show with management teams. I look backwards  that was a hell of a training in terms of the exposure we’re getting.RITHOLTZ: Yes  I can imagine. Was the plan when you were going to school in Paris always to go into finance  or were you originally leaning in another direction?CHABRAN: Prior to joining a business school in Paris  I studied political sciences in my native Provence  in Aix-en-Provence. And there was no hint at the time that I would be heading into finance.And so when I then got the exposure and getting to learn with great teachers  by the way  what  and again  way back in the late 90s  but then you start reading books  and I’m not talking about the theoretical books  but some experience  the people  I remember these books  reading the  “Liar’s Poker” from Michael Lewis  reading “The Predator’s Ball” about Milken and the junk bond  and that’s where the excitement started. And you’re like  I have to get exposure to that.So no  there was nothing written  but it was a great step.RITHOLTZ: So fast forward to today. You now work in a large European firm in the USA  but really you began your career at big American firms in London.CHABRAN: That’s right.RITHOLTZ: What are the cultural differences like a US firm in Europe versus a European firm in the US?CHABRAN: Yes  well it’s an interesting question. Looking from the US  Barry  at times  Europe may be an easy concept  but it’s a very complex reality. And so doing business in Europe is obviously  it’s all about being local  because Italy’s not Spain  France is not Germany. At times  people in London think that they cover the whole European play field  but again  it’s a complex reality.So having met people back then  Americans working for these US banks  now they understand that. And the ones successful  and even some of our peers  competitors  friends  American franchise who are competing and tackling the European market  very often the ones successful or very successful are the ones who’ve been spending a lot of time on the ground.And then on the contrary  hopefully  having worked for US franchise  having spent time with people and great mentors  you know  for me  I now can hopefully understand better the cultural difference as we expand here. And as I’m sure you would appreciate  being here in New York is a very different reality than the rest of the Americas  partly when it comes down to visiting new clients in the Midwest  the part of the US.So hopefully there’s a bit of convergence here to make it worthwhile.RITHOLTZ: I love the old Spalding Gray quote  “I don’t live in America  I live in a small island off the east coast of America.” Because to your point  New York isn’t Kansas City and Kansas City isn’t Miami. But New York is definitely its own creature.CHABRAN: It is for sure. And you know for us at TIKEHAU  it’s been an important step to open and expand here in North America. Just background  Barry  when I moved here five years ago this year in 2018  we had barely no relationships in North America. We had made a few investments  relationship from a client standpoint  from an LP standpoint. And fast forward  today is close to 10 percent of our AUM that we have raised here. We launched new initiatives  we try to be differentiating. And obviously it’s a long-term game and you have to be definitely long-term greedy when you set up a business in the US.But in the business we’re in today  the alternative asset management space  as competitive as it can be  but the structural opportunity now is such that the commitment as a European that you have to make here has to be long term. I made the commitment personally  and I can see the path because there is room to expand the business.RITHOLTZ: So let’s talk about what led to the decision to launch TIKEHAU Capital back in 2004. You’re at Deutsche Bank  your colleague Antoine is at Goldman Sachs. What made you say  “Hey  let’s get the band back together again?”CHABRAN: Well  you know what  it’s actually back to what I was just saying. We were watching all these franchises being launched  and obviously at the top of them and all the ones you can think of who are leading the industry today  but back then they were managing a few tens of billions of dollars  which was enormous back then  but it’s only a fraction of what they are today.And we were seeing all these American franchises launching in Europe  out of London  and we were like  “Why don’t we give it a go?” We learned leverage finance  we learned real estate debt  we knew high yield  we knew opportunistic investment and we’re like  it’s never too late  it’s never too early and we decided to go with a huge $4 million AUM that we had gathered from friends and family.RITHOLTZ: Right.CHABRAN: So you can appreciate the challenge back then but you have to start somewhere.RITHOLTZ: Right. That’s walking around cash back then.So let’s talk about not too late  not too early  you launch right after the dot-com implosion.CHABRAN: Correct.RITHOLTZ: But a few years before the great financial crisis …CHABRAN: That’s right.RITHOLTZ: What was that period like  what was that lull like between those two giant volatility events?CHABRAN: It was an experience because the dot-com bubble  I remember being a young associate at Merrill Lynch  and all the investment banks  they had to reinvent themselves to make sure they could remember this retained talent that we’ve been hearing lately again.So they were creating some cool working space and you would no longer wear a tie and all that  which was all form of a substance and as if there was a shift. And then you have this ramp up from effective year four when we launched to the GFC and we’re three years  four years into business at TIKEHAU. And I remember we feel extreme pride because then we were banking with Bear Stearns  we were banking with Lehman Brothers  and that was a step in the entrepreneurial development. And then all of a sudden  over the weekend  those banks are gone.And so you’re like a young entrepreneur leaving this near-death experience  despite thinking that you were close to certainty because you were working with the best institution and counterpart you can think of. And then all of a sudden  it’s all about how you see and look at the world  never take anything for granted  always be in the world of challenging everything.So it’s not good for your stomach pain every morning  but only the paranoid survive. And I think that was a great learning experience.RITHOLTZ: So let’s talk about what took place post Bear Stearns and post Lehman from a business perspective. Bear Stearns gets absorbed into JPMorgan Chase. So your contacts at Bear Stearns are still in business.The best parts of Lehman Brothers get absorbed into Barclay. So I got to imagine a lot of the folks you were doing business with at those places landed on their feet and you still had some relationship or am I being too sanguine about it?CHABRAN: No  no  that was a bit of all of the above. But more importantly for us in our development  as I said  it was about never taking anything for granted. Because Lehman Brothers is what  a single-A rated bank on the Friday night and it’s defaulted you know  on the Monday morning  and even if I’m sketching a bit  from there on  at the time  we’re 800 million AUM  I guess. We have a team of 20  25 people  most of them still being with us today  by the way. And it’s great when you’ve been to work together  if you allow me  because then you just have to look at someone in the eyes and you know exactly how they’re going to behave  because we’ve been through that together.And so for us  beyond the people and beyond the institution  It was the beginning of the second phase of the journey. I’d like to say maybe less naive about how easy all these things are  because they’re not easy. Steve Schwarzman wrote his book. It’s called “What It Takes.” And so for us  that was  everything being equal  the beginning of the second phase of the journey  where it was no longer the teasing part.You were effectively into the real stuff.Now  on the positive and the silver lining was that this whole situation started putting a lot of light on  let’s say  the alternative market. Private debt  private credit was unheard of in Europe until the banks effectively went into this massive liquidity squeeze and all those asset managers had to step in and fill this void. Great opportunity for us. Private equity at the time was only about buyout and LBO. Only few had heard about the growth equity part where you need to strengthen an entrepreneurial company’s balance sheet because it’s not  well she’s not trying to sell the business  it’s just about making sure you find the right partners to strengthen the balance sheet. And so on and so forth.We started a new period adding on top of that this very accommodating monetary policy where that was the beginning of a new chapter for private markets. And we were lucky to effectively embark on this journey at this time.RITHOLTZ: So let me follow up on the financial crisis  the period afterwards. Clearly it was highly disruptive  lots of damage done  lots of people lost their jobs  lots of businesses went out  but it sounds like a lot of opportunities were created in what came after.CHABRAN: It was certainly the case for us. Again  many challenges  but with the hard work and with people who could see the opportunity and possibly with a European approach thinking that  yes  you can develop a very multi-local footprint organization in Europe  be an alternative to global investors  to clients  to the one established  mainly Americans  I must admit. That was very exciting. It was very exciting to get into that. And to a certain extent  we had been looking forward for the day where we could face another of those crises.And we all know they’re all different  but better prepared. Better prepared with more resources  with a more powerful platform  with a bigger footprint  and leaving COVID aside  leaving Brexit aside  leaving all these little steps over the past 10 years  12 years  we’ve been getting better prepared for when the cycle change.And we may have entered this new chapter of this new cycle  raising interest rates  started a year ago  we’re of the view that it’s not getting lower anytime soon. And so we go back to the basics of what our job should be  risk underwriting  risk assessment  asset prices are different from asset valuation.I mean the valuation is the future cash flow discounted at a risk-free rate plus a risk premium. Well guess what? The risk-free rate now is 5 percent is no longer zero and the risk premium is closer to 5 percent than it is from two.And so all of a sudden the whole merits of our job gets back into the center of the pitch and that makes our job much more exciting.We’ve never been more excited than we’ve been for the past 12 months to invest today.RITHOLTZ: So let’s talk about what brought TIKEHAU to the US. Clearly you guys were very successful in Europe. You now have 13 offices around the world. Is it just the size of the US market? What was the attraction here?CHABRAN: Well  I mean  size is definitely a reason. But I would add  we had just gone public at the time  2017. And for us  the listing  maybe way before it became more spread in the recent years  the main objective of the listing barrier was really to promote the brand  the franchise. We never sold a single share on the occasion of the ’60s.RITHOLTZ: You guys only allowed a small piece to go public  right?CHABRAN: Yes  that’s right. And all our historical backers  shareholders  they actually kept on supporting the business. We tapped the ECM market twice and they all reinforced their ownership. So unlike many IPOs  which are a way to monetize the business  for us it was really about rationalizing the platform. We had just come out of 13  14 years of very entrepreneurial development during a period  as you mentioned  which was pretty bumpy. And so it was a great way to rationalize the platform  come with one brand  one name  getting the name out there.So that was in 2017  we went public on Euronext Paris. And coming to the US  there was no other alternative than coming to the US at some point. And we thought the timing was right  both because we had now  we had then  20 billion AUM. We’d been in Asia for a few years  and it had been extremely promising. So I decided to come here to promote this brand  to convert into a commercial relationship  raising more capital towards US investors  which to your point is one of the deepest market in the world.And then also start deploying capital here in the US.Not that there is a shortage of capital by no means  but as we like to say at TIKEHAU  create not compete. And so we started initiative like secondary private credit. Private debt was a mainstream developed strategy here  I mean globally and here in the US. I think we’re one of the first one to move into secondary private credit.Fast forward a couple of years  three years  now we can demonstrate the merits of the strategy  the track record of the strategy. We started expanding into a mid-market infrastructure. That was right before the Biden election and all the focus on infrastructure when we were not active in infrastructure in Europe.So we tried to find some play that could differentiate ourselves  not only vis-a-vis Europe and Asian investors  but also here in the US  to be able to tell a different story to LPs with one key differentiating factor is the skin in the game that we have as a structure and as founders into the organization.RITHOLTZ: So a lot of companies that go public then have a valuable currency they can use for acquisitions. How did that play into the thinking?CHABRAN: Yes  that’s right  and we used that a couple of times very selectively since going public. Infra was one of them  another one in real estate in Europe. And I mean  they were very selective  bolt-on acquisition. An acquisition in our businesses is always a big bet  right? We’re in the people business  and you need the chemistry  I mean  you need the culture to work out.But looking forward  it’s certainly  we’re in a better position today to counter acquisition than we were in a few years ago. So as the market and the industry restructure  we’ll certainly be very opportunistic.RITHOLTZ: That’s kind of interesting  the thought of Bolt On as opposed to within the same space. There’s a long history of financial acquisitions that didn’t really work out all that well because of the chemistry  because of the cultural issues.CHABRAN: That’s right.RITHOLTZ: But something you said earlier really stood out to me. You want to create  not compete. So let’s talk a little bit about how you guys at TIKEHAU think differently  tell us  or in Steve Jobs’ term  think different  tell us how you approach the world differently than a lot of your competitors.CHABRAN: Yes. You know when we started  as I told you  extremely modest  there were plenty of franchise out there when even if you talk to private investors  high net worth  family offices  who can be a bit more nimble in the way they approach their asset allocation  they need to see a reason why they would go with what was back then a TIKE-who  more than a TIKEHAU.RITHOLTZ: (LAUGHTER)CHABRAN: And find a reason why they would allocate there.Back then in Europe  back in the day  when we start doing private credit  direct lending  today is very much mainstream. I can tell you that back then it was not. At the time  they even called it shadow banking in Europe.RITHOLTZ: Yes.CHABRAN: It’s been quite a while since I last read about shadow banking because it’s become so mainstream and structural today that it’s really part of the year.So we’ve always tried to effectively be a little bit  I don’t know how it comes across  it’s not the underdog  but coming with something that is different so that you can —RITHOLTZ: Clean slate?CHABRAN: Yes  so that you can make a name for yourself and then use these adjacencies of the business then to scale and make them very mainstream. I was saying the secondary private credit that we launched a couple of years ago now here in New York is becoming a bit more mainstream.Every day I would see one of the large bulge bracket banks launching or speaking about the initiative. We’re like  well  maybe that was a good idea we had. And competition is good  by the way. Nothing wrong about competition  but at least you’ve established a name for yourself. And obviously  you’ve got the track record  and you can showcase that.So that’s step one.The second thing  Barry  if I may  is in our industry  what should make the biggest difference is the skin in the game that the managers put into their business.I like to say that in our industry  you come across a lot of people who are willing to make money with someone else’s money. You come across less people willing to make some money with their kids’ money. Any entrepreneur is taking risks by borrowing some capital and investing into his business  whatever the business is.And in our industry at times  I think that there’s been a little bit of irony  not to say hypocrisy  in the way that we showcase the skin in the game. I don’t think carried interest is a great alignment of interest. The only alignment of interest is the amount of capital that any given manager or firm is putting into its fund.When you read that  okay  well  we put 1 percent of the fund as commitment from the GP  the is a billion  you know  we put 10 million  it’s a lot of money  yes  but you’re charging 2 percent for the next 10 years  so the option cost is not that high.When you’re putting 10 percent  20 percent of your balance sheet capital side by side with your LP  you can do a basic Excel spreadsheet and you’ll see  you know  what is at stake  and that effectively  yes  you’re going to make some money on the management fees and the performance fees of the carried interest  but you know  what you have at stake side by side with your client is a totally different magnitude.And I think this is where the industry should be heading. And many of our peers  competitors  they all have different models. But the one with significant skin in the game  from the GP  from the partners  from the balance sheet  and going public  by the way  Barry  was a great way for us to strengthen this equity base  which is partner’s own and control and management own  to effectively create what has been so far  certainly in Europe a second to none skin the game model.RITHOLTZ: I like the way that sounds. Let’s talk a little bit about Europe.If we look at the past few decades Europe outperformed the US in the 2000s while we were going through dot-com and financial crisis. In the 2010s the US markets were just on fire and really did very well. 2020s things started out a little shaky. How do you compare the investment environment in Europe over the past few decades versus the US?CHABRAN: Well both of them were obviously driven by interest rates and they moved you know the same direction but in different patterns and when we first got into negative interest rates in Europe a few years ago on the back of the euro crisis you know it was the GFC first with the sovereigns but then you know with the IG market with the investment great market right you had corporates basically borrowing 100 and being asked to give back 98.And today when you look backwards  and with no back trading you’re like  okay  what were we thinking about back then? Because for what we do  and I mean  you know the business  Barry  like risk underwriting is about effectively scaling the risk  the return. And we were in a very awkward environment.And so that’s why I was surprised to see so many people surprised. You know  a year ago  May 22  you know  interest rates started rising and all of a sudden the whole software were bugged.I mean  what we do is not rocket science. And it all comes down to the  you know  value of liquidity and the cost of credit. And then we can start  you know  doing what we are supposed to be doing  you know  risk underwriting. And so Europe  US went into a different pattern on the way down and very different on the way up.I mean  here in the US  obviously  you were much more reactive in raising rates  rightly so in my view. Maybe Europe is lagging a bit that time around. They were actually faster at reducing interest rates  even so into negative territory.But there is a little bit of decoupling going on right now. And for us  it’s a great way  particularly at TIKEHAU  where we are very exposed to the yield play  credit  infra  real estate  bespoke credit. And so all that’s the starting point of this risk underwriting.RITHOLTZ: So let’s talk a little bit about the difference between the 2010s and the 2020s  starting with  hey  it’s pretty arguable that by the time the Fed began raising rates here in the United States  they were already behind the curve. Their 2 percent target had been hit a year earlier  and CPI kept going higher.So if the Fed was behind the curve  how much further behind the curve are the central banks in Europe in terms of dealing with their inflation issues?CHABRAN: The Central banks in the US and in Europe  they may have a different mandate. One might be more political than the others  and at times when you have to effectively financing all the deficits  you have to be mindful that you need to be able to issue and pay down this debt.I think that right now and without getting into too many political details  I mean Europe is probably not in a good place relative to where they were in reacting to COVID for example or reacting to the euro crisis you know 10 years ago. I mean the political situation in Europe has created indirectly some effect maybe on the ECB and as much you know I mean Christine Lagarde has been doing a terrific job after Mario Draghi there  but the institution maybe should be a bit bolder in the way you’re tackling this inflation issue.Because we all know that a period of very low interest rates create massive inequality. Inequality between people having access to credit and the people who don’t have access to credit. And when I say people  it’s individual  it’s corporate  it’s states. And so ironically  you save a system  but you make it a bit more unequal in the way people came out of this period.RITHOLTZ: So that’s really interesting. During the post-financial crisis era of very low rates  anything priced in credit  real estate  equities  bonds  did really well. Certainly that helps the top 10 percent in the United States. During COVID  rather than just a monetary response  we saw a massive fiscal response  which seemed to have really helped across the entire economic strata  especially the middle class. So what do our experiences  post-financial crisis  post-COVID  tell us about the need for balance between monetary and fiscal stimulus?Yes  you’re absolutely right. But by the same token  we know that right now  I’m not an economist  but in the US  in Europe  the inflation  the structural inflation  people might have a different view about that  is certainly hurting the one with the less resources.RITHOLTZ: Right.CHABRAN: Obviously  food  energy  housing  and not even talking about school  healthcare  and obviously in Europe we have a totally different environment about this matter.So it’s a tricky situation  and where I think asset managers have a role to play is in making sure that whenever someone is saving a dollar  or investing $1 billion  be a private investor or a large institutional investors  is that there is the appropriate risk return associated with the strategy that is being implemented.That was very complicated to do in the zero interest rates environment  because everyone threw the dices and it was a double six  because you can only make it right when money is free.RITHOLTZ: Right.CHABRAN: Because when money is free  investment has no merit. And now that we are in a situation where money has some value  then you can be discriminating  and that should benefit  again  the one individual saving a dollar  or the one institution only investing a billion.And that  in that respect  regardless of this macro situation  if I come back to our role as asset managers  that’s where we have a role to play.RITHOLTZ: So let’s talk a little bit about valuations relative to risk and reward. Arguably the United States  both the public markets and the private markets  are not cheap today. They’re not crazy dot-com expensive  but they’re certainly not inexpensive. How does Europe and the rest of the world compare on a valuation basis to the US?CHABRAN: Maybe because I come from a leverage finance background  as I told you  I tend always to focus on the downside. But I also learned along the way that you rarely die  I mean as a company  from your P&L or from your assets  but you always die from your liabilities.And I think that effectively this excess in very cheap money  this excess in leverage  this excess in thinking that you could access unlimited for an indefinite period of time of cheap to free capital may have created some  the wrong asset allocation pattern in some places.So I think we’ve now entered a period where we have to swallow this whole mispriced  over-levered assets out there. Corporate credit was one  obviously the bonds  I mean the sovereign bond market  and we remember the SVB story  it’s about T-bills.And then you  obviously the real estate  many areas that were over-levered at the wrong cost. And that could be painful  because someone will have to take the pain  even if  unlike 2008  where the risk was concentrated on banks’ balance sheet  today is much more spread across  let’s say  asset managers. But you have to find a way to dry up all this excess of liquidity  which was necessary on the one hand  but maybe mispriced on the other hand.And so today  I think that part of the IG fixed rate corporate bond market  obviously part of the real estate  and we’ve been talking at length about that  we have to suffer some of the pain or losses in some way shape or form.As always  on the other side of this trade  that will create great opportunities for people liquid  nimble  who don’t have to carry aged inventories  if I may say.I have the impression that the US will be more realistic in the way they approach that  in terms of taking the heat  taking the pain  and starting again. In Europe  maybe there’s a little bit of a pre-turn and extend game  but it’s always better to  what has to be done ultimately should be done immediately.RITHOLTZ: Tear the band-aid off  don’t wait.CHABRAN: Exactly  and that’s what we should do when it comes to financial risk and financial pricing.RITHOLTZ: So you mentioned the excess liquidity is causing excesses and dislocations. Have higher Fed rates and other around the world  higher interest rates  taken some of that out of the system  and combined  what is the impact of the regional banks that have gone belly up  a handful of them  but it certainly has put the fear of God into a lot of  you small banking shops  what does that do to all the excess liquidity that’s out there?CHABRAN: You know  on the regional bank  I’d rather not comment  I’m not an expert  and it came as a surprise how quickly large  very large institutions could get into some liquidity stress. Coming back to my comment  again  it’s your liability side. And there’s been plenty of comment there.What I see is that  once again  for asset managers  It’s a very interesting structural opportunity because it creates a bit of void in terms of the market that we can fill in in some way  shape  or form. So I think that on the positive side  investors  allocators.Today they can effectively allocate capital into strategies which will create a compounding effect to their portfolio. Because what was  I don’t know  three  four percent in some strategies two years ago  now can be eight to 10.And so when you start compounding your new allocation into these type of strategies  that can make up for the part of your portfolio which itself could be a little bit underwater as a consequence of those rising interest rates. Again  credit  real estate  what have you. So that’s the positive. You have to be able to do that  right? So how do you do that? I mean  if you have effectively the denominator’s effect that people have been talking about  or more liquidity constraint because cash is not coming back as quickly as you had anticipated because your managers cannot sell their portfolios.The secondary market has been developing like crazy on the private equity  for example. As I said  private credit is another one. Real estate will be an obvious one  given the amount of capital out there.And so it’s about being prepared to say  okay  I’ve been making five  six  seven percent on this strategy  maybe I will exit this strategy  albeit at a discount  the lowest possible  but the proceeds will be able to be reinvested into strategy that will generate a higher return  which over a short to medium timeframe can make up for this cash flow requirement that I need for my pensioners or what have you.So I’m actually very optimistic that all asset owners  asset allocators  the one can be nimble. It’s a very exciting time ahead.RITHOLTZ: Let’s talk a little bit about how TIKEHAU champions impact investing. Obviously the goal is to get to some sort of sustainable future. What’s your investment thesis there?CHABRAN: Yes. I think we were relatively early in what has become a very mainstream strategy  you know  rightly so  and that was really a combination of many factors. We launched our very first growth private equity strategy in 2017-2018  way before it has  as I said  become a must-have strategy for many managers and for many allocators.We started doing that because in Europe  we’ve been investing alongside entrepreneurs  families  as I said  we’re not a buyout shop  we don’t take control  we don’t lever up companies  we’re trying to  in our role of the middleman between the asset owners and the companies  to allocate where we see a financial play  but an impactful financial play. So when we started this strategy in 1718  and started allocating capital  investing in entrepreneurs who had a solution  that had to be massified. Because when you want to meet these targets and these goals in terms of climate of CO2 reduction  it’s great to be investing in what will change by 2050 but it’s more important to find what works today and it’s to be massified.Scale up. We’re investing in profitable mid-market companies making 20 million  25 million  50 million EBITDA and needed capital in. These guys are not looking to sell their company  they need the capital in to scale. And we started doing that across low carbon mobility  across energy efficiencies of the buildings. As you know  it’s 40 percent of the green gas emission. And so we started doing that  I would say  naturally  five years later  we now can represent effectively the case studies. Obviously the track record  it matters  but people want to understand what we’re talking about when we’re talking about this type of impact investing.Here it’s about climate.We then launched regenerative agricultural strategy because one of the key objectives is how do you capture carbon and there’s nothing like the soil and the ground to help do that. That’s on the equity side.And then we started doing some private credit impact financing. What does that mean? You’re a borrower  we’re lending you some money  at 5 percent  you’re three times your EBITDA  we take all the traditional credit metrics of financial analysis  and then we add a third dimension. If you hit certain targets  certain goals  extra financial goals  then you will improve your cost of funding. And your 5 percent coupon will go down to 4 if effectively you demonstrate that you reduce by X or Y or change this production process.And all of a sudden  you realize that if your cost of funding goes down  as a consequence of some extra financial goals being met  well  your return on equity goes up.RITHOLTZ: Right.CHABRAN: And so you can demonstrate that it’s not about being a philanthropy. It’s about making sure that we use the capital available to send it where it makes sense  and then all stakeholders benefit from it. And so as much as five years ago  it was nice to have  and once again  create not compete  we’re trying to push that forward.Today  it’s non-negotiable. It’s not negotiable with our LPs. It’s not negotiable with our customers  with our partners  with our banks  with our clients  with our staff  Barry. I mean  when we talk to some of our 20-something  30-something colleagues  professionals  It’s part of their commitment to the firm.Because one big issue you know in this  when it comes to this impact and ESG  let’s say in the wider sense  at best you can come across very opportunistic  at worst you come across as fake. And in both situation  it’s not good.And so us  our colleagues  our staff  people and all the stakeholders  I mean  they are the guardians  they are the stewards of us being real here. So again  now it’s no longer a nice-to-have  it’s a must-have  and there’s only one way.RITHOLTZ: So ESG seems to have found a lot of support in Europe. Are you a little bit surprised about how this has become politicized in the U.S.? It seems like they’re a group of people who are pushing back against impact investing  sustainable investing  not because of the returns  but they just don’t like the politics of it.CHABRAN: Yes. I’m not surprised because  and again  I’m an alien here  but I try to be an observer of the dynamic of the politics here in the USA. And we even experience that ourselves. Some of our LPs are very often made up of different boards  some teachers  firemen  policeman  you know  employees  public servants employees. And whilst we were dealing with the same counterparty  the same pension fund  some of their constituents  some of the underlying boards  disagree on the approach to take there.So we’ve experienced that firsthand  that within one given investor or asset owner  there could be some divergence. And very often now I can say  because there was a bit of a misunderstanding of what we were trying to do and what others are trying to do.So I’m hopeful that with a bit of education  the science-based approach  people will realize that it shouldn’t be a political game. I understand why. I’m not naive. I understand why. But I think the majority should prevail to understand that the asset owners today  the asset managers who can help them deploy the capital  have a historical mission because we will be judged 50 years down the road.I mean  people will look back and say  what did you do with the amount of capital that was available back then to effectively direct this capital to where it matters? So I’m trying to take this perspective because effectively we’ve never been in an environment with so much cheap liquidity that could be used purposely.So you talked about ESG ratchets where people get better rates if they hit certain metrics. And you talked a little bit about agriculture  regenerative agriculture. Explain for those of us not familiar with that  what is regenerative agriculture? What is the focus? What do you want to accomplish with it? Is it just carbon capture or is it more?CHABRAN: It’s the whole chain. I mean  it’s the fact that soil goes without saying is a scarce resource that needs to be maintained in a way to be able to keep on producing in a way that for the next generation  you don’t look back and you leave a brown soil full of fertilizer or others that will not be able to generate the same quality of product for the future generation at a time where you’ll have to feed much more people.So the technique here  very similar to the climate approach we took five years ago  is really about finding entrepreneurs and the companies who have a solution for soil  effectively a fertility  let’s say  or some technique. You know  it’s not really the agri-tech  as you may be used to  but some techniques have been proven and need this capital to scale  and this capital would not be available otherwise  because it’s not about buying land or acres or forest. It’s not about the agri-tech  which is effectively attracting a lot of capital.But these entrepreneurs  these small cap businesses with a proven concept and profitability and they need this capital to scale. So you would be investing 20  30 percent  taking 23 percent of the company  investing this capital to effectively help scale the business to a size where then you can get to more banking financing  capital market  which is not that open.So it’s this whole band  so it’s certainly the case in Europe  we see it more and more here in the US  of this small mid-cap market that doesn’t have  and even more so  going back to your comment about the regional banks  you’ve got part of the financial market structure which is disappearing  and so you need the alternative source of capital  and so that’s where we can be a very relevant tool.And that’s for the companies  and the investors also want to allocate there.RITHOLTZ: And you partnered with some really interesting companies on this  AXA  the big insurer  and Unilever  the consumer products company  what’s their interest in this sort of sustainable investing?CHABRAN: So one comment  as an aside  at TIKEHAU  we’ve always partnered with  or we try as much as we can  to partner with corporates to bring additional skillset. We did that in energy transition  for example  with Total Energies  very early on  ‘17  ‘18. We did that in the aerospace  cyber with a bunch of prominent European and global players such as Airbus  Dassault  Safran  Thales  bringing obviously some capital but more importantly some skill sets  some knowledge  some reach so that back to my create not compete  we can tell a different story with investors.And as you just mentioned  the last one with Unilever  is the same  is exactly the same approach  which is bringing additional expertise alongside an asset manager  us  financial investors  and there’s no shortage of capital  as we said  out there.In that case  one of the largest European insurance company  if not global  and having together a different proposal  fully aligned  with some complementary sourcing to the deal flow. And here again  at first  people were maybe looking at us like  why do you need to bring a corporate? Are there some conflict of interest involved here? And then  a few years down the line  they’re like  well  that’s a very different proposal that we may have heard from older managers and there are plenty out there.RITHOLTZ: What’s the conflict of interest if you’re bringing in a consumer product try and make food on a more efficient productive sustainable way.CHABRAN: That’s my point  they should be known and they are known but you know there’s you know people at times are a little bit reluctant or resistant you know to change …RITHOLTZ: Status quo  it’s really powerful  isn’t it?CHABRAN: Voila.RITHOLTZ: I love this quote of yours I have to ask you about this. The longer the happy hour  the harder the hangover.Explain. Very French.CHABRAN: Well that was you know I think that was at Milken’s  at Milken Institute in May 22 and that’s when the interest rates are starting to raise and I think I was telling you earlier I was surprised to see that many people in a surprise because effectively the bar had been open for quite a long time with very cheap liquidity  if I may say  available.RITHOLTZ: Going back to the financial crisis  the entire period that followed was free booze for everyone.CHABRAN: Exactly  and that’s 10 years  if not more. And some of us  I think  had effectively lost sight that liquidity should have a price  and credit has some value. And so effectively  this comment I made was that  yes  people are going to have a hangover of this mispriced  over-leveraged asset they may have bought  invested into  as a consequence of this free liquidity.RITHOLTZ: So let’s talk about  perhaps  a mispriced asset class that was relying on free liquidity  as we’re recording this  there is a recent Wall Street Journal headline  “Company insiders made millions before the SPAC bust.” What are your thoughts on the SPACs  special purpose investment vehicles? How do you look at those?CHABRAN: So we got into SPACs two years ago  hopefully not to follow the herd  but because we saw there a very useful technology that could help some of our private companies  which is what we do  the bulk of what we do is investing with private entrepreneurs  accessing the public market with the support of experienced managers  the operating partners  with the support of experienced financial players.And effectively  we very successfully “un-SPACed” some. We took public on Euronext Amsterdam  a great company in the TV content production business  3 billion turnover  600 million EBITDA. It’s called FL Entertainment  great entrepreneur  Stéphane Courbit. It’s a real company. Our SPAC is trading at  I guess  10 bucks or around. A real company. So the issue was not the SPAC as a technology. The issue was the type of company that were trying to access this market opportunistically and rightly so in front of some capital that had been given to SPAC’s promoters and managers.Remember that interest rates were negative.So SPACs were used by some investors as a vault. Here’s some cash.RITHOLTZ: Getting 5 percent.CHABRAN: Exactly. I’ll make up for the interest shortfall and I have the option to opt out.RITHOLTZ: So it was a guaranteed higher yield  I won’t say high yield  but higher yield bonds with an equity option at the end  if you like the equity company  you can stay with it. Saba Capital is one  a few others did the same thing.CHABRAN: The technology itself was excess of cash  interest rates are at zero  I get negative cash  negative interest on my cash account  so here’s the cash and I may opt out.What we tried to do in what we did  and some work  although we decided to give back the capital because back to my skin in the game approach  the one we decided to return the capital that was last month  we had 150 million plus of our own capital committed to it.So rather than chasing the cheap option with the view of hopefully making the return embedded with the option  we’re like  first and foremost  we’re depleting our capital. The opportunity is not there. We’re not going to deploy our capital for the sake of it.RITHOLTZ: This comes back to skin in the game. When you’re a co-investor with your LPs  you don’t make dumb decisions because  hey  we have the cash. We might as well spend it.CHABRAN: I think so. So that was just I think misuse of an interesting technique with some investors and a misuse of interesting techniques for the wrong company.RITHOLTZ: So I read a piece recently  a research piece that said Brexit may have taken as much as 5 percent off the total GDP of the United Kingdom. You worked in London  you’re now in New York  originally from Paris. Does that sound realistic? What was the impact of Brexit on the UK  and who has stepped into the void that Brexit teed up?So first of all  that’s a decision that was made by the British people  and I will not comment on the rationale beyond that. I read the same studies that you mentioned  and every day I would talk to some friends  entrepreneurs in Europe telling me how challenging it has become when just to move goods and things into  and just trading with the UK.The one part I can comment on was the whole debate around the future of the city of London as a preeminent financial place  global but obviously European.What I can tell you Barry  is since the world reopen and you can travel again  I’m actually going back more often to London than to Paris nowadays  which is the headquarter of my firm. Why that? Because London remains a critical business center for financial services.There are some challenging associated with some regulation in the way you have to trade and why people and banks had to open or export some branches onto the continent. And I understand why and the technicalities. But when it comes to the cosmopolitan nature of London  attracting global talents  and as much as  I’m French  and Paris has been doing a tremendous job in attracting talents and firms  but the scale is such that I wouldn’t bet against London as a financial center. So we have to cope with technical aspects  regulation  cost of doing business for some has become very punitive if you don’t have the scale.And that’s why if I’m a bit selfish in the approach  we were fully equipped on the continent to start with. We’re now moving back more aggressively into London because we were less over-exposed when many people are doing the contrary.People are trying to reduce their investment allocation to the UK  their workforce in the UK. So we’re trying to be a bit contrarian and taking advantage of that.RITHOLTZ: So people overreacted in one direction  creates opportunities.CHABRAN: Maybe.RITHOLTZ: Europe is dealing with a war on its eastern border. What has the Russian invasion of Ukraine done in terms of energy supplies and just the entire relationship of Europe with Russia?CHABRAN: Well  it’s a complicated one  it’s a very sad one because  well  I can tell you  Barry  sitting here in the US  and when I talk to friends  family over there  the perception of the war is very different from one side to the other  because the reality that it’s two hours away from many of the Western European capital and the perception  the feeling with the population is very different.So having said that  remember a year ago when the war started  obviously the concern about energy  independence  sustainability was front and center. That was  I think  the silver lining of the situation to put more light and focus on accelerating part of the transition and in itself that was an encouraging step.Looking backwards a year or 18 months now into this situation  it’s “not as bad” quote unquote  on the energy side  which is good news. But the whole situation  which I think we are unfortunately stuck with for a relatively long period of time  as creating a lot of uncertainty in the region and beyond  but also by the same token a lot of political willingness to move quicker. And the response  if you remember  that the European government made right after the war  they made more progress in a matter of a few weeks than we had in a few years. And so at times it’s effectively when the essential is at stake that people can react constructively.RITHOLTZ: So the concern  aside from all the humanitarian tragedy of the invasion  was oil prices would spike  it would eventually lead to a recession in Europe. But a lot of Europe seems to have avoided that.What are your thoughts about greater Europe tipping into a recession? And pretty clear parts of Europe have slowed down dramatically because of the increased costs and dealing with the war. What does the environment in Europe look like to you?So not dissimilar to what we’re experiencing here in the US and the reentering of production capacity  we’re seeing that in many countries across Europe. Reindustrialization has been probably the most popular world of politicians lately  not only because you need to demonstrate less dependency to outside market. The whole deglobalization theme  I think it was accelerating by this whole situation.And so for politicians  it’s a way to show a direction for the population. It’s a new paradigm  a new software. And coming back to what we do for a living  asset manager  it’s a great frame in finding ways to allocate  reallocate  working with global investors to attract more capital in certain countries  for certain industries. It’s not happening overnight  but you can make it happen fairly quickly  fairly quickly being a matter of months.If you’ve got all these stars aligned from the political direction to the population adhesion and then the capital allocation. I’m hopeful and I’m optimistic that that could be the silver lining of the whole situation  as dramatic the situation can be.RITHOLTZ: So you have offices in Asia  if we’re de-globalizing to some degree  and China has been the big industrial driver of much of the world  what does it mean for investing in Asia generally  but more specifically China?CHABRAN: So what we’ve been doing in Asia  first out of Singapore  where we started eight  nine years ago in Singapore  and then Korea and Japan. We don’t have any presence in China  as a matter of fact. And the dialogue we had with these investors locally was really about attracting them to some of our existing strategies in Europe or in the US.Asia is  I have the chance to go back there from time to time  and each time I’m there I found local economies that have been transformed. If you look at Singapore  what it was when we first moved there  and eight years later  that’s a global hub. Like a global hub with all the consequences you’re reading every day. The Bloomberg news  the price of real estate  and the numbers of family offices who moved from Hong Kong  from part of the Middle East to open there for the very same reason that you have created a great talent hub  a very business-friendly environment. You’ve got the most sophisticated sovereign wealth funds in the world. We were lucky enough to have Temasek backing us as early as 2016. They’ve been a great partner ever since. Great marketplace.The way we look at our Singapore operations today  we have a headquarter  Paris  and we have three global hubs  New York  London  Singapore. And out of these hubs  then you can reach on a global basis first investors and effectively attracting them where we think there is an interesting investment proposal and also creating investment opportunities when you’ve got this supply-demand imbalance.Again  it all comes down to supply-demand and how we can best take advantage of that.RITHOLTZ: Really interesting. So let’s jump to our favorite questions that we ask all of our guests  starting with what have you been streaming these days? What’s been keeping you informed and entertained  either podcast or Netflix or whatever?CHABRAN: One I like and I recommend  because that’s being produced by this company we backed that we took  we helped take public a few months ago  is the “Peaky Blinders” that’s great entertainment. Not only because I love this whole story about the villain and the gangsters and all that  but more importantly because that’s great content.RITHOLTZ: Is that Netflix or Amazon?CHABRAN: It’s a Netflix one. It’s a Netflix one. I strongly recommend and produce by our friend at FL Entertainment.RITHOLTZ: Really interesting. So who were your mentors? Who helped to shape your career?CHABRAN: So few of them are senior people I worked for when I was a young analyst and associate  because every one of them in their own different approach helped me challenge the fact that we are going on our own at a relatively young age for this business. Some of them telling us  “Well  it’s either too late or too early for good or bad reasons.” And on the contrary  people saying  which was less  the case is in Europe than it can be the case here in the US  there’s never a good time and you should give it a go.And so many of them were finance professional  most of the time in investment banking  and still remain friends. Some of them joined us  by the way  along the way at TIKEHAU. And that’s one thing that obviously was very valuable when you start your own venture firm.RITHOLTZ: What are some of your favorite books? What are you reading right now?CHABRAN: So two books I’ve started  very different. The first one  I was lucky to attend one of the  again  Mike Milken’s  you know  event  you know  recently both in LA and then later on  and as you know  he’s extremely focused on healthcare. And the whole focus is putting through his institute and all the philanthropy around there.And the book is called “Faster Cures  Accelerating the Future of Health” by Mike Milken. It’s something which is fascinating because in our job day to day  it’s really short term. And when you step back a bit and you look a little bit of these demographic issues  we touch base on some of those issues  energy and all that  but the demographic is probably the most challenging one.And even if it’s 50  75 years from now  I think we should start factoring in many of that in today’s decision.And the other book  more recent  I was lucky to meet a French professor in Boston who’s a teacher both at HBS and HKS. She’s been there for 20 years. Her name is Julie Battilana. And the last book is called “Power for All” And it’s all about the relationship to– I wouldn’t say even power  but if effectively power is about having an influence on making someone else change behavior  how it’s not only top down and the way we may have learned it  and how we should with a new generation  in a new cycle  and the perspective of things that are critical to me  which are democracy  but also capitalism  which is fueling many of that.How do you reconcile all that  and it’s a worthwhile reading.RITHOLTZ: Sounds interesting. Our last two questions  what sort of advice would you give to a recent college graduate who is interested in a career in either private equity or investing?CHABRAN: Well  I would send him some of the mottos where you’re seeing everyday at TIKEHAU Capital. Be curious  think out of the box  be on the ball  think big. I will share that with them because that’s one thing that doesn’t change. Technology may change  but interpersonal skill set and being hungry  I think that’s what matters.RITHOLTZ: Interesting  and our final question. What do you know about the world of investing today? You wish you knew 25 or so years ago when you were first getting started.CHABRAN: Never take anything for granted.RITHOLTZ: Thank you so much for being so generous with your time  Mathieu. We have been speaking with Mathieu Chabran  co-founder of TIKEHAU Capital.If you enjoy this conversation  well  be sure and check out any of the other 500 or so discussions we’ve had over the past eight or so years. You can find those at iTunes  Spotify  YouTube  wherever you find your favorite podcast.Sign up for my daily reading list at ritholtz.com. Follow me on Twitter @ritholtz. Follow all of the Bloomberg family of podcasts on Twitter @podcast.I would be remiss if I did not thank the crack team that helps put the conversations together each week. My audio engineer is Sebastian Escobar. My producer is Paris Wald. Atika Valbrun is our project manager. Sean Russo is my head of research. I’m Barry Ritholtz. You’ve been listening to Masters in Business on Bloomberg Radio.~~~,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.07,0.21,True,English,"['Mathieu Chabran', 'Transcript', 'Paris-based alternative asset manager', 'favorite pod hosts', 'extra special guest', 'high yield market', 'big American firms', 'European play field', 'large European firm', 'asset management', 'European market', 'American franchise', 'Tikehau Capital', 'earlier podcasts', '$40 billion worth', 'different angle', 'new opportunities', 'Légion', 'French Republic', 'other point', 'Deutsche Bank', 'one thing', 'one place', 'financial services', 'summer internship', 'late 90s', 'founding partner', 'first sight', 'Goldman Sachs', 'investment banking', 'young analyst', 'road show', 'management teams', 'political sciences', 'great teachers', 'Michael Lewis', 'The Predator', 'junk bond', 'great step', 'cultural differences', 'interesting question', 'easy concept', 'complex reality', 'great mentors', 'US firm', 'investment banks', 'great training', 'US franchise', 'Mathieu Chabran', 'full conversation', 'podcast extras', 'Bloomberg Radio', 'fascinating conversation', 'French president', 'Merrill Lynch', 'native Provence', 'finance banker', 'theoretical books', 'US banks', 'other people', 'business school', 'Barry Ritholtz', 'transcript', 'week', 'MiB', 'iTunes', 'Spotify', 'Stitcher', 'Google', 'YouTube', 'ANNOUNCER', 'Masters', 'founder', 'assets', 'world', 'investing', 'box', 'ado', 'Chevalier', 'Ordre', 'Honneur', 'January', 'career', 'London', 'little', 'background', 'exposure', 'Antoine', 'love', 'years', 'emergence', 'deals', 'associate', 'hell', 'terms', 'plan', 'direction', 'hint', 'time', 'way', 'experience', 'Liar', 'Poker', 'Ball', 'Milken', 'excitement', 'today', 'USA', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Americans', 'peers', 'competitors', 'friends', 'lot', 'contrary']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,ritholtz.com
26119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686786/0/en/Valneva-Announces-Publication-of-its-Chikungunya-Vaccine-Candidate-Phase-3-Data-in-The-Lancet.html,Valneva Announces Publication of its Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate Phase 3 Data in The Lancet,Saint-Herblain (France)  June 13  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announces that the Company’s pivotal Phase 3 data for its single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate  VLA1553  have been published in Th…,English FrenchSaint-Herblain (France)  June 13  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announces that the Company’s pivotal Phase 3 data for its single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate  VLA1553  have been published in The Lancet   the world’s leading peer-reviewed medical journal.The article  titled “Safety and immunogenicity of a single-shot live-attenuated chikungunya vaccine: a double-blind  multicenter  randomized  placebo-controlled phase 3 trial” provides a detailed analysis of the Phase 3 results showing that VLA1553 demonstrated a very high seroresponse rate of 98.9% in participants 28 days after receiving the single administration. This immunogenicity profile was similar in both younger and older adults  and 96% of participants maintained seroresponse six months after vaccination. VLA1553 was generally safe and equally well tolerated in younger and older adults. The Lancet Paper can be accessed via the following link: https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(23)00641-4/fulltext.Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Valneva  said  “This publication in the Lancet underlines the strength of VLA1553’s scientific approach and is consistent with the quality of our pivotal Phase 3 study. We are pleased that more detailed results on our single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate are now available to the scientific and broader public health communities.”Valneva reported final pivotal Phase 3 data in March 20221  final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 20222 and positive twelve-month persistence data in December 20223. A clinical study of VLA1553 in adolescents is ongoing in Brazil4  for which Valneva reported enrollment and vaccination completion in February 20235.VLA1553 is currently the only chikungunya vaccine candidate worldwide for which regulatory review processes are underway. A Biologic License Application (BLA) is currently under priority review6 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) review goal date at the end of August 2023  and a regulatory application has also been filed with Health Canada. If approved  VLA1553 could become the first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this unmet medical need.About ChikungunyaChikungunya is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a Togaviridae virus  transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes. Infection leads to symptomatic disease in 72-92% of humans after four to seven days following the mosquito bite. While mortality with CHIKV is low  morbidity is high  and the global market for vaccines against chikungunya is estimated to exceed $500 million annually by 20327. Clinical symptoms include acute onset of fever  debilitating joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  rash and chronic arthralgia. Chikungunya virus often causes sudden large outbreaks with high attack rates  affecting one-third to three-quarters of the population in areas where the virus is circulating. The high-risk areas of infection for travelers are places where chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos are endemic  including the Americas  parts of Africa  and Southeast Asia  and the virus has spread to more than 110 countries8. As of July 2022  more than three million cases have been reported in the Americas9 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow as the CHIKV primary mosquito vectors continue to spread geographically. There are no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  chikungunya is considered to be a major public health threat.About VLA1553VLA1553 is a live-attenuated  single dose investigational vaccine candidate targeting the chikungunya virus  which has spread to over 110 countries10. It has been designed by deleting a part of the chikungunya virus genome.Valneva reported final data from the pivotal Phase 3 trial of VLA1553 in March 202211  final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 202212 and positive twelve-month persistence data in December 202213.If approved  VLA1553 would expand Valneva’s existing commercial vaccines portfolio and as such  Valneva intends to commercialize this vaccine  leveraging its existing manufacturing and commercial operations.To make VLA1553 more accessible to Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC)  Valneva and Instituto Butantan in Brazil signed an agreement in January 2021 for the development  manufacturing and marketing of VLA155314. The collaboration falls within the framework of the agreement signed between CEPI and Valneva in July 201915  which provides funding of up to $24.6 million with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program.VLA1553 received FDA Fast Track  Breakthrough Therapy designations and Priority Review in 2018  2021 and 2023  respectively. VLA1553 was also granted PRIority MEdicine (PRIME) designation by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2020.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development by focusing on vaccine solutions addressing unmet medical needs to ensure we can make a difference to peoples’ lives. We apply our deep understanding of vaccine science  including our expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  and our established vaccine development capabilities  to develop vaccines against diseases which are not yet vaccine-preventable  or for which there are limited effective treatment options. Today  we are leveraging our expertise and capabilities to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccines into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate2 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate3 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva4 Valneva Announces Initiation of Adolescent Phase 3 Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva5 Valneva Completes Enrollment for Adolescent Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva6 FDA Accepts Valneva’s Chikungunya Vaccine License Application for Priority Review - Valneva7 VacZine Analytics Chikungunya virus vaccines Global demand analysis. February 20208 https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/chikungunya9 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas (Cumulative Cases 2018-2022 and Cases per year 2013-2017). https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 25 Jul 2022.10 https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/chikungunya11 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate12 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate13 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva14 Valneva and Instituto Butantan Sign Final Agreement on Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine for Low and Middle Income Countries15 CEPI awards up to $23.4 million to Valneva for late-stage development of a single-dose Chikungunya vaccineAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.09,0.46,True,English,"['Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate Phase 3 Data', 'The Lancet', 'Valneva', 'Publication', 'double-blind, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled phase 3 trial', 'live-attenuated, single dose investigational vaccine candidate', 'Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'four to seven days', 'positive twelve-month persistence data', 'broader public health communities', 'major public health threat', 'single-shot live-attenuated chikungunya vaccine', 'A Biologic License Application', 'leading peer-reviewed medical journal', 'single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate', 'first licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'CHIKV primary mosquito vectors', 'final pivotal Phase 3 data', 'existing commercial vaccines portfolio', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'one-third to three-quarters', 'pivotal Phase 3 study', 'U.S. Food', 'sudden large outbreaks', 'high attack rates', 'three million cases', 'Breakthrough Therapy designations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'unmet medical need', 'review goal date', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos', 'European Medicines Agency', 'regulatory review processes', 'high seroresponse rate', 'lot consistency results', 'FDA Fast Track', 'The Lancet Paper', 'chikungunya virus genome', 'Phase 3 results', 'single administration', 'final data', 'Drug Administration', 'regulatory application', 'Health Canada', 'final lot', 'mosquito bite', 'commercial operations', 'Priority Review', 'detailed results', 'clinical study', 'symptomatic disease', 'European Union', 'preventive vaccines', 'existing manufacturing', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'detailed analysis', 'older adults', 'following link', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'global market', 'Clinical symptoms', 'acute onset', 'debilitating joint', 'muscle pain', 'chronic arthralgia', 'Southeast Asia', 'economic impact', 'economic burden', 'effective treatments', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'PRIority MEdicine', 'PRIME) designation', 'Togaviridae virus', 'immunogenicity profile', 'scientific approach', 'vaccination completion', 'high-risk areas', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'Valneva SE', '110 countries', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'June', 'VLA', 'world', 'article', 'Safety', 'participants', 'younger', 'journals/lancet', 'publication', 'strength', 'quality', 'March', 'May', 'December', 'adolescents', 'Brazil', 'enrollment', 'February', 'PDUFA', 'end', 'August', 'Infection', 'humans', 'mortality', 'morbidity', 'fever', 'headache', 'nausea', 'rash', 'population', 'travelers', 'places', 'Americas', 'parts', 'Africa', 'July', 'LMIC', 'agreement', 'January', 'development', 'marketing', 'collaboration', 'framework', 'CEPI', 'funding', 'support', 'EMA']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2687682/0/en/Inventiva-announces-positive-topline-results-from-the-investigator-initiated-Phase-II-clinical-trial-evaluating-lanifibranor-in-patients-with-T2D-and-NAFLD.html,Inventiva announces positive topline results from the investigator-initiated Phase II clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in patients with T2D and NAFLD,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  June 13  2022 –Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic ste…,English FrenchLanifibranor 800mg achieved the primary efficacy endpoint demonstrating a 44% reduction of hepatic fat measured by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy ( 1 H-MRS) following 24 weeks of treatment in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).H-MRS) following 24 weeks of treatment in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). A significantly higher proportion of patients achieved a greater than 30% liver triglyceride reduction as well as NAFLD resolution with lanifibranor compared to placebo.Lanifibranor treatment significantly improved both hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity (i.e. fasting plasma insulin  fasting hepatic glucose production  hepatic insulin resistance index  insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal)  which translated into better glycemic control (i.e. HbA1c).The study met multiple secondary metabolic endpoints confirming the cardiometabolic benefit of lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD  and ability to improve adipose tissue function (i.e. significant increase in plasma adiponectin and reverse NAFLD).The study confirmed the favorable safety and tolerability profile of lanifibranor.Inventiva and Dr. Cusi will host an investors webcast Wednesday  June 14th at 8am EST (details below).Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  June 13  2022 –Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)  mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced positive topline results of the clinical study conducted by Dr. Kenneth Cusi from the University of Florida  evaluating lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D).The Phase II clinical trial randomized 38 patients into two arms  with patients receiving placebo or treatment with lanifibranor at 800mg/day for 24 weeks. The study achieved the primary efficacy endpoint with a 44% reduction of Intra Hepatic Triglycerides (IHTG) measured using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) in patients with NAFLD and T2D treated with lanifibranor (800mg/daily) for 24 weeks compared to 12% in the placebo arm. This result is consistent with the Phase IIb NATIVE trial findings  in which lanifibranor demonstrated a statistically significant effect on steatosis reduction as measured by CAP/Fibroscan.1The study demonstrated a statistically significant higher proportion of patients achieving a greater than 30% liver triglyceride reduction (65% vs. 22%  p =0.008) as well as NAFLD resolution (25% vs. 0%  p = 0.048) defined as IHTG ≤ 5.5% at week 24  with lanifibranor compared to placebo.In addition  the study demonstrated a significant effect on a series of secondary endpoints including (see tables below)  glycemic control (reduction in hemoglobin A1c)  atherogenic dyslipidemia (i.e.  increase in HDL-C)  hepatic insulin action (i.e.  fasting hepatic glucose production  hepatic insulin resistance index)  insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal (i.e.  in gold-standard euglycemic insulin clamp studies during high-dose insulin stimulation) and amelioration of the adipose tissue dysfunction with a robust increase in plasma adiponectin. The treatment with lanifibranor 800mg/once daily for 24 weeks was well tolerated  with no safety concerns reported.Additional secondary endpoints including a series of markers of cardiometabolic health are anticipated to be presented by Dr. Cusi in upcoming scientific conferences and publications.Dr. Michael Cooreman  M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Inventiva: “The results published today  by showing that lanifibranor reduces intrahepatic triglycerides and contributes to resolve NAFLD in patients with T2D further bolster our robust dataset from our Phase IIb NATIVE study on the efficacy of lanifibranor across the disease spectrum of NAFLD  i.e. histological benefits on NASH resolution and fibrosis improvement as well as an improvement of a broad panel of markers of cardiometabolic health. In addition  we are pleased to see that this study confirms the safety and tolerability of lanifibranor. We want to thank Dr. Cusi for successfully leading this study and for his innovative thinking in designing a clinical trial with these state-of-the-art NITs.”Dr. Kenneth Cusi  M.D.  F.A.C.P.  F.A.C.E.  Professor of Medicine at the Division of Endocrinology  Diabetes and Metabolism in the Department of Medicine  University of Florida and Principal Investigator of the study  stated: “This is an important study for a drug that has already shown promising results in patients with NASH. Lanifibranor is an insulin-sensitizer with demonstrated effects to reverse steatohepatitis and fibrosis. The positive results of our study on hepatic fat and liver and muscle insulin sensitivity  as well as fat metabolism  within just 24 weeks of treatment confirm the robustness of the mechanism of action of lanifibranor in key tissues  and its potential to manage patients with T2D but also patients with pre-diabetes and obesity. This study brings new and critical results for our patients with T2DM and NASH  which constitute a large proportion of the whole NASH patient population and for whom there are still no approved drugs available. I look forward to publishing more detailed analyses from this exciting study.”Summary of Week 24 changes in Liver Fat Full Analysis Set (N=38) Placebo (n=18) Lani 800mg (n=20) p value Change in liver fat (intrahepatic TGs) (%)a -12% -44% 0.002 (S) Proportion of patients with >30% liver fat reduction % b 22% 65% 0.008 (S) NAFLD resolution (defined as IHTG ≤ 5.5% at Week 24) c 0% 25% 0.048 (S)a P-value from an Analysis of Covariance. Missing data at Week 24 were imputed by baseline data.b Missing data at Week 24 were imputed as non-achieving reduction of 30% liver fat reduction.c Missing data at Week 24 were imputed as non-responders.Summary of Week 24 changes in glycemic control  insulin sensitivity and cardiometabolic biomarkers Completers (N=28) Placebo (n=14) Lani 800mg (n=14) Glycemic control Absolute change in HbA1c  % -0.2% -0.9*** Absolute change in Fasting plasma insulin  μU/ml -1.0 -6.7* Insulin sensitivity Absolute change in Hepatic Insulin Resistance index -9.5 -30.1* Absolute change in basal Endogenous glucose production (mg/kgLBM/min) 0.1 -0.5*** Absolute change in muscle insulin-stimulated glucose disposal (mg/kg LBM/min) -0.2 +2.2** Cardiometabolic biomarkers Absolute change in HDL-C  mg/dl -0.3 6.3* Absolute change in Adiponectin  μg/mL -0.2 7.5*** *p≤0.05 **p≤0.01  ***p≤ 0.001 versus placeboConference callInventiva will host a conference call and webcast with slide presentation on Wednesday  June 14  2023 at 8:00 am ET (New York time) 2:00 pm CET (Paris time). The conference call and the slides of the presentation will be webcast live at: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/8y8icxm8 and will also be available on Inventiva’s website: Investor Presentations - Inventiva Pharma .In order to receive the conference access information necessary to join the conference call  it is required to register in advance using the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI22f830c9addc4b7eaf2698bf8c72e1fe . Participants will need to use the conference access information provided in the e-mail received at the point of registering (dial-in number and access code).About lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator‑activated receptor (PPAR) isoforms  which are well‑characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well‑balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the only pan‑PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan‑PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre‑clinical studies to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits  including reduction of IHTG  reduction of steatosis  improvement of hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity and improvement of a panel of markers of cardiometabolic health  reduction in fasting plasma glucose  atherogenic dyslipidemia  hepatic insulin action  insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal  reversal of adipose tissue dysfunction with a robust increase in plasma adiponectin  and reversal of steatohepatitis and fibrosis  of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  the publication by Dr. Cusi of additional secondary endpoints  including a series of markers of cardiometabolic health and more detailed analyses  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.1 Lanifibranor treatment improves hepatic steatosis in patients with NASH  evaluated by histological grading and Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP); Cooreman MP  Abedelmalek MP  Baudin  Huot-Marchand  Dzen  Fournier  Junien  Broqua  Francque; https://inventivapharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/LANIFIBRANOR-TREATMENT-IMPROVES-HEPATIC...pdfAttachment,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,positive,0.79,0.15,0.06,True,English,"['investigator-initiated Phase II clinical trial', 'positive topline results', 'Inventiva', 'lanifibranor', 'patients', 'T2D', 'NAFLD', 'gold-standard euglycemic insulin clamp studies', 'Phase IIb NATIVE trial findings', 'The Phase II clinical trial', 'proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'F.A.C.P.', 'F.A.C.E.', 'insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal', 'Phase IIb NATIVE study', 'hepatic insulin resistance index', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'nonalcoholic fatty liver disease', 'multiple secondary metabolic endpoints', 'muscle insulin sensitivity', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'peripheral insulin sensitivity', 'high-dose insulin stimulation', 'hepatic glucose production', 'adipose tissue function', 'Long Island City', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'adipose tissue dysfunction', 'Additional secondary endpoints', 'upcoming scientific conferences', 'Dr. Michael Cooreman', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'Intra Hepatic Triglycerides', 'hepatic insulin action', 'type 2 diabetes mellitus', 'Dr. Kenneth Cusi', '30% liver triglyceride reduction', 'significant higher proportion', 'positive topline results', 'plasma insulin', 'Dr. Cusi', 'hepatic fat', 'significant increase', 'significant effect', 'intrahepatic triglycerides', 'positive results', 'clinical study', 'English French', 'cardiometabolic benefit', 'plasma adiponectin', 'investors webcast', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'other diseases', 'two arms', 'hemoglobin A1c', 'atherogenic dyslipidemia', 'robust increase', 'cardiometabolic health', 'M.D.', 'robust dataset', 'histological benefits', 'broad panel', 'innovative thinking', 'art NITs', 'Principal Investigator', 'promising results', 'key tissues', 'steatosis reduction', 'favorable safety', 'safety concerns', 'tolerability profile', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'fat metabolism', 'important study', 'NASH resolution', 'placebo arm', 'NAFLD resolution', 'fibrosis improvement', 'Lanifibranor 800mg', 'Lanifibranor treatment', '44% reduction', 'NASH.', '1 H-MRS', '24 weeks', 'patients', 'greater', 'control', 'HbA1c', 'Inventiva', '8am', 'details', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'MPS', 'University', 'Florida', 'T2D', 'IHTG', 'CAP/Fibroscan', 'series', 'tables', 'HDL-C', 'amelioration', 'markers', 'publications', 'spectrum', 'Professor', 'Medicine', 'Division', 'Endocrinology', 'Department', 'drug', 'insulin-sensitizer', 'demonstrated', 'effects', 'robustness', 'mechanism', 'potential']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26121,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2687446/0/en/Monthly-information-related-to-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital-_May-31-2023.html,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _May 31  2023,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _May 31  2023.  Article 223-16 of......,English FrenchMonthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _May 31  2023.Article 223-16 of general regulation of French Autorité des Marchés FinanciersLyon – FranceListing markets:Euronext Paris from Euronext (Market segment C - ISIN Code: FR0011471135- Symbol: ERYP) &Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United-States (Symbol : ERYP)Website : www.erytech.comDate Total of shares composing the share capital Total of brut (1) voting rightsTotal of net (2) voting rightsNovember 30  2022 31 018 553 32 514 528 32 512 028 December 31  2022 31 018 553 32 514 825 32 512 325 January 31  2023 31 018 553 32 514 77132 512 271February 28  2023 31 018 553 32 516 875 32 514 375 March 31  2023 31 018 553 32 521 652 32 519 152 April 30  2023 31 018 553 32 521 642 32 519 142 May 15  2023 34 120 298 35 623 387 35 620 887 May 31  2023 34 120 298 35 623 630 35 621 130(1) Gross voting rights number (or « theoretical » voting rights) is used as a basis for calculating the crossing of the threshold. In accordance with article 223-11 of general regulation of Autorité des Marchés Financiers  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares carrying the single and double voting rights  including shares without voting rights.(2) Without treasury shares.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Gross voting rights number', 'Market segment C', 'theoretical » voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'share capital Total', 'English French', 'total number', 'general regulation', 'Listing markets', 'ISIN Code', 'Date Total', 'Euronext Paris', 'treasury shares', 'information', 'Article', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Symbol', 'ERYP', 'United-States', 'Website', 'brut', 'net', 'November', 'December', 'February', 'April', 'May', 'basis', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'accordance', 'single', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CABKA-N-V-115395161/news/Cabka-Capital-Markets-Day-in-Valencia-44096569/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Cabka Capital Markets Day in Valencia,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam 13 June 2023. Cabka N.V.   a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging   listed at Euronext Amsterdam  will host a Capital Markets Day for investors at its Inn…,Amsterdam 13 June 2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  will host a Capital Markets Day for investors at its Innovation Center in Valencia Spain  today.At its Capital Markets Day in Valencia this afternoon Cabka will provide participants with an in-depth view on the Cabka Value Chain and Cabka’s unique proposition turning hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging. It will also highlight Cabka’s ambitions to disrupt existing logistic processes and to create tomorrow’s circular value chains. During the afternoon participants will be guided through all steps of the value chain; from input of materials and manufacturing  via commercial development process and innovation center expertise to customer view and satisfaction in a panel with a major client.All presentations will be recorded and featured on our website as of next week  the slides are published on the ‘reports and presentations’ section of our website via https://investors.cabka.com/reporting-and-investor-library/reports-and-presentation .Financial Calendar 202313 June Capital Markets Day17 August Ex-Dividend* Date18 August Dividend* Record Date22 August Publication Half Year Results 202325 August Dividend* Payment Date19 October Trading Update Q3 202320 March 2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  +316 109 42514www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO products are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.Attachments,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Cabka Capital Markets Day', 'Valencia', 'August Publication Half Year Results', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'international securities identification number', '13 June Capital Markets Day', 'August Dividend* Record Date', '25 August Dividend* Payment Date', 'August Ex-Dividend* Date', 'existing logistic processes', '19 October Trading Update', 'large container solutions', 'circular value chains', 'Publication Preliminary Results', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'commercial development process', 'road safety products', 'full value chain', 'rare industry knowledge', 'innovation center expertise', 'Cabka N.V.', 'Cabka Value Chain', 'actual results', 'Commercial contact', 'ECO products', 'depth view', 'unique proposition', 'customer view', 'major client', 'next week', 'Financial Calendar', 'David Brilleslijper', 'Press contact', 'D.Brilleslijper', 'integrated approach', 'attractive returns', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'current view', 'financial position', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'EU) No', 'market abuse', 'looking statements', 'plastic waste', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'post-industrial waste', 'Valencia Spain', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'other risks', 'CABKA ticker', 'inside information', 'The Company', 'post-consumer waste', 'investors.cabka', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'participants', 'ambitions', 'tomorrow', 'afternoon', 'steps', 'input', 'materials', 'manufacturing', 'satisfaction', 'panel', 'presentations', 'website', 'slides', 'reports', 'section', '20 March', 'Reference', 'distribution', 'business', 'construction', 'recycling', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', '1 March', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law', 'document', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'Attachments']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/engie-impact-debuts-mobility-support-offering-for-accelerated-commercial-ev-charging-infrastructure-execution-301848794.html,ENGIE IMPACT DEBUTS MOBILITY SUPPORT OFFERING FOR ACCELERATED COMMERCIAL EV CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE EXECUTION,Global Sustainability Consultancy Helps Businesses Plan and Implement Portfolio-Scale EV Charging for Competitive Advantage and Decarbonization Benefits NEW YORK  June 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- With EV sales rising rapidly around the world  charging infrastruc…,"Global Sustainability Consultancy Helps Businesses Plan and Implement Portfolio-ScaleEV Charging for Competitive Advantage and Decarbonization BenefitsNEW YORK  June 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- With EV sales rising rapidly around the world  charging infrastructure is in high demand and evolving into a potentially decisive advantage for commercial organizations to attract customers and maximize revenue. ENGIE Impact   a leader in sustainability transformation solutions  is addressing this market shift with its new Mobility Support offering  providing strategic planning  procurement and implementation assistance for portfolio-scale EV charging infrastructure initiatives  allowing commercial businesses to convert this increased demand into a competitive advantage by providing customers the option to charge where they shop.""Accessible EV charging in commercial spaces is imperative to enable a sustainable future. By some estimates  public charging installations need to increase sixfold over the next four years to keep up with EV sales forecasts  and organizations are recognizing that being part of the solution can add value for their customers – and their bottom line "" said Marcus Gilmore  senior manager of electric mobility  ENGIE Impact. ""Customers using EV charging stations have been shown to spend as much as three times more in stores  but most organizations don't have the expertise or capital required to implement  own  and maintain charging stations. That's where ENGIE Impact comes in.""Commercial businesses are increasingly interested in exploring public charging installations to gain a competitive advantage and increase revenue  but they often don't have the internal resources or capital to deploy charging at scale across property portfolios. ENGIE Impact Mobility Support enables businesses to respond to growing customer expectations for EV charging without taking on the financial or operational burden of ownership. Mobility Support clients  including multi-location organizations across the retail  healthcare  hospitality  restaurant and property management industries  can expect to reap tangible business benefits in the short term while accelerating progress toward Net Zero targets.As part of ENGIE Impact's services  the organization and its experts support businesses across industries from planning to execution through the following:Strategic Planning: Building a strong strategy with a comprehensive audit to answer key questions like 1) What sites should be prioritized? 2) The type of charging stations that make the most sense for the business and 3) The businesses role in ownership and operation of charging stationsBuilding a strong strategy with a comprehensive audit to answer key questions like 1) What sites should be prioritized? 2) The type of charging stations that make the most sense for the business and 3) The businesses role in ownership and operation of charging stations Stakeholder Management: Working directly with all stakeholders  including landlords and charging station developers  to broker charging solutions for customers that add value to the brandWorking directly with all stakeholders  including landlords and charging station developers  to broker charging solutions for customers that add value to the brand Multi-Site Implementation: Creating a detailed plan to successfully maximize the number and quality of charging services for each site through high-quality executionENGIE Impact helps organizations bridge the gap between setting aspirational sustainability targets and taking real action to achieve decarbonization goals  and supports some of the world's largest companies on their net zero journeys  among them Procter & Gamble   Netflix  Faurecia and 25% of global Fortune 500 brands. Over the last six years  ENGIE Impact has helped its clients collectively save nearly $1 billion through reduced energy usage. At the same time  they reduced GHG emissions equivalent to that of nearly 900 000 passenger vehicles operated for a year.About ENGIE ImpactENGIE Impact delivers sustainability solutions and services to corporations  cities and governments across the globe. ENGIE Impact brings together a wide range of strategic and technical capabilities  to provide a comprehensive offer to support clients in tackling their complex sustainability challenges from strategy to execution. With 21 offices worldwide and headquarters in New York City  ENGIE Impact today has a portfolio of 1 000 clients  including 25% of the Fortune 500 Companies  across more than 1 000 000 sites.ENGIE Impact is part of the ENGIE Group  a global leader in the zero-carbon transition.About ENGIEOur group is a global reference in low-carbon energy and services. Together with our 101 500 employees  our customers  partners and stakeholders  we are committed to accelerate the transition towards a carbon-neutral world  through reduced energy consumption and more environmentally-friendly solutions. Inspired by our purpose (""raison d'être"")  we reconcile economic performance with a positive impact on people and the planet  building on our key businesses (gas  renewable energy  services) to offer competitive solutions to our customers. Turnover in 2021: 57.9 billion Euros. The Group is listed on the Paris and Brussels stock exchanges (ENGI) and is represented in the main financial indices (CAC 40  Euronext 100  FTSE Eurotop 100  MSCI Europe) and non-financial indices (DJSI World  DJSI Europe  Euronext Vigeo Eiris - Eurozone 120/ Europe 120/ France 20  MSCI EMU ESG screened  MSCI EUROPE ESG Universal Select  Stoxx Europe 600 ESG  and Stoxx Global 1800 ESG).SOURCE ENGIE Impact",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['ENGIE IMPACT DEBUTS MOBILITY SUPPORT OFFERING', 'ACCELERATED COMMERCIAL EV CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE EXECUTION', 'portfolio-scale EV charging infrastructure initiatives', 'new Mobility Support offering', 'ENGIE Impact Mobility Support', 'next four years', 'growing customer expectations', 'Net Zero targets', 'net zero journeys', 'last six years', 'aspirational sustainability targets', 'complex sustainability challenges', 'New York City', 'public charging installations', 'charging station developers', 'Mobility Support clients', 'EV sales forecasts', 'Global Sustainability Consultancy', 'Accessible EV charging', 'sustainability transformation solutions', 'global Fortune 500 brands', 'brand Multi-Site Implementation', 'EV charging stations', 'reduced energy consumption', 'tangible business benefits', 'property management industries', 'electric mobility', 'sustainability solutions', 'charging solutions', 'Decarbonization Benefits', 'implementation assistance', 'property portfolios', 'Stakeholder Management', 'Fortune 500 Companies', 'global reference', 'energy usage', 'low-carbon energy', 'environmentally-friendly solutions', 'positive impact', 'Competitive Advantage', 'decisive advantage', 'market shift', 'commercial spaces', 'sustainable future', 'bottom line', 'Marcus Gilmore', 'senior manager', 'internal resources', 'operational burden', 'short term', 'comprehensive audit', 'key questions', 'detailed plan', 'real action', 'decarbonization goals', 'largest companies', 'same time', 'GHG emissions', '900,000 passenger vehicles', 'wide range', 'technical capabilities', 'comprehensive offer', 'global leader', 'economic performance', 'Businesses Plan', 'commercial businesses', 'businesses role', 'charging services', 'strategic planning', 'strong strategy', 'What sites', 'commercial organizations', 'most organizations', 'multi-location organizations', 'ENGIE Group', 'high demand', 'zero-carbon transition', 'high-quality execution', 'carbon-neutral world', '1,000,000 sites', '1,000 clients', 'PRNewswire', 'customers', 'revenue', 'procurement', 'option', 'estimates', 'part', 'value', 'stores', 'expertise', 'capital', 'financial', 'ownership', 'retail', 'healthcare', 'hospitality', 'restaurant', 'progress', 'experts', 'type', 'sense', 'stakeholders', 'landlords', 'number', 'gap', 'Procter', 'Gamble', 'Netflix', 'Faurecia', 'corporations', 'cities', 'governments', 'globe', '21 offices', 'headquarters', '101,500 employees', 'purpose', 'raison', 'people', 'planet']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,prnewswire.com
26124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NETWEEK-S-P-A-11038608/news/Netweek-arranges-share-regrouping-capital-unchanged-44103273/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Netweek arranges share regrouping; capital unchanged,(marketscreener.com) Netweek Spa announced Tuesday that it has resolved to regroup its shares at the ratio of one new share for every ten existing shares. As a result of the regrouping  the total number of Netweek ordinary shares will be reduced from 473.5 mi…,(Alliance News) - Netweek Spa announced Tuesday that it has resolved to regroup its shares at the ratio of one new share for every ten existing shares.As a result of the regrouping  the total number of Netweek ordinary shares will be reduced from 473.5 million ordinary shares to 47.4 million ordinary shares  with no change in Netweek's share capital  including 14.2 milioin ordinary shares admitted to trading on Euronext Milan and 33.1 million ordinary shares not admitted to trading.Netweek's stock closed Tuesday at par at EUR0.039 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,positive,0.34,0.33,0.33,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Netweek', 'share', 'capital', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'ten existing shares', '473.5 million ordinary shares', '47.4 million ordinary shares', '14.2 milioin ordinary shares', '33.1 million ordinary shares', 'one new share', 'Netweek ordinary shares', 'total number', 'share capital', 'Euronext Milan', 'Netweek Spa', 'ratio', 'result', 'regrouping', 'change', 'stock', 'par', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-Granted-Extension-by-Nasdaq-for-20-F-Filing-44101927/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,VEON Granted Extension by Nasdaq for 20-F Filing,(marketscreener.com) VEON Granted Extension by Nasdaq for 20-F Filing Amsterdam  13 June 2023 – VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services    confirms that Nasdaq has accepted the Company’s plan submitted Ma…,VEON Granted Extension by Nasdaq for 20-F FilingAmsterdam  13 June 2023 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  (“VEON” or the “Company”)  confirms that Nasdaq has accepted the Company’s plan submitted May 8 2023 to regain compliance in connection with the delayed filing of its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Nasdaq has granted the Company an exception  enabling it to regain compliance with the listing rules by filing its 2022 20-F by October 30  2023.VEON had previously reported that it would be delayed in its filing of 2022 20-F due to extraordinary circumstances in 2022; and announced that it had received notice from Nasdaq that it was not in compliance with the timely filing requirements for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). The Company’s plan to regain compliance  shared with Nasdaq in the days following the notice  was accepted by the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market  which granted the Company an exception for delayed filing.The Company confirms that  as previously announced  it continues to work diligently together with its independent external auditor in order to complete and file its 2022 20-F as soon as possible.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s timeline for publication of its annual report and compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the initiatives referred to above will be successful.Contact informationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.13,0.85,True,English,"['20-F Filing', 'VEON', 'Extension', 'Nasdaq', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market', 'global digital operator', 'independent external auditor', 'six dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'timely filing requirements', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'Nasdaq listing requirements', 'listing rules', 'continued listing', 'The Company', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Annual Report', '160 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'extraordinary circumstances', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact information', 'VEON Ltd', '20-F Filing', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', '2022 20-F', 'Extension', 'June', 'plan', 'compliance', 'connection', 'year', 'exception', 'October', 'notice', 'days', 'order', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'timeline', 'publication', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'assurance', 'initiatives']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2687536/0/en/U-S-FDA-approves-Bylvay-for-patients-living-with-cholestatic-pruritus-due-to-Alagille-syndrome.html,U.S. FDA approves Bylvay® for patients living with cholestatic pruritus due to Alagille syndrome,PARIS  FRANCE  13 June 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN: ADR: IPSEY) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Bylvay® (odevixibat) for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients from 12 months of age with Alagille syndro…,English FrenchApproval heralds the second rare cholestatic liver disease indication for Bylvay in the U.S. after progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis related pruritus in 2021Immediate U.S. commercial launch and availability for eligible patientsASSERT clinical study demonstrated efficacy of Bylvay in improvement of pruritus. Also showed improvement in certain sleep disturbances and reduction in bile acids – which were secondary endpoints – with a low drug-related diarrhea rate in patients with Alagille syndromeCommittee for Medicinal Products for Human Use opinion expected in Q2 2023 with final European Medicines Agency decision in second half of 2023PARIS  FRANCE  13 June 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN: ADR: IPSEY) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Bylvay® (odevixibat) for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients from 12 months of age with Alagille syndrome (ALGS). Bylvay is a once-daily  non-systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor (IBATi) that acts locally in the small intestine and has minimal systemic exposure. Bylvay was approved as the first drug treatment option for patients living with cholestatic pruritus due to progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis (PFIC) in the U.S.  and for the treatment of PFIC in Europe  in 2021. Bylvay is immediately available via prescription for eligible ALGS patients.“Today’s approval of Bylvay in a second indication allows patients and physicians to access an additional treatment option that has the potential to improve the management of pruritus  or intense itch  in this distressing condition that tends to affect young children ” said Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development for Ipsen. “We are proud to have achieved FDA approval for Bylvay as a treatment for ALGS in the U.S. and we are committed to making it available to many more eligible patients across the world.”Positive data from the Phase III ASSERT study  presented at the 2022 American Association for Study of Liver Diseases congress  demonstrated that Bylvay provided highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful sustained improvements in pruritus  starting early after initiation of treatment. More than 90% of patients were pruritus responders (≥ 1 point change at any time during 24 weeks). The overall incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events was similar to placebo. No patients discontinued the study and 96% of patients rolled over into the open-label extension study.“Physicians urgently need more options to treat patients with Alagille syndrome and this approval from the U.S. FDA spotlights the robustness of the Phase III ASSERT clinical study results ” said Nadia Ovchinsky  MD  Chief of the Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology  Hassenfeld Children's Hospital at NYU Langone and ASSERT Principal Investigator. “The ASSERT study showed that Bylvay reduced pruritus associated with ALGS  which is so common among this patient population and one of the leading indications for a liver transplant.”Roberta Smith  President  Alagille Syndrome Alliance said: “As an advocate for families impacted by Alagille syndrome  it is such a blessing to know physicians now have another drug treatment option for the debilitating pruritus that affects so many Alagille patients. I know personally the terrible impact of this rare disease on a child; this approval will help to alleviate the pruritus burden for more patients.”Ipsen has also submitted Bylvay to the European Medicines Agency (EMA)  seeking authorization for ALGS  with Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use opinion expected in Q2 2023 and final EMA regulatory decision anticipated in second half of 2023. Bylvay has received orphan exclusivity for the treatment of PFIC  and Orphan Drug Designations for the treatment of ALGS and biliary atresia  in the U.S. and Europe. Bylvay is already approved in the U.S. for the treatment of pruritus in patients aged three months and older with all types of PFIC  and in Europe for the treatment of all types of PFIC in patients aged six months or older. In a third indication  the rare pediatric cholestatic liver disease  biliary atresia  Bylvay is in late-stage development with the Phase III BOLD trial.ENDSAbout Bylvay® (odevixibat)Bylvay is a potent  once-daily  non-systemic IBATi that acts locally in the small intestine and has minimal systemic exposure. It is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of pruritus in patients three months of age and older with PFIC  where it has orphan exclusivity. Bylvay was first launched as a treatment option for patients with PFIC in the U.S. in 2021  where it is supported by a program designed to assist with access to treatment and patient support. Bylvay is also approved in the E.U. for the treatment of PFIC in patients aged six months or older. It has launched in over nine countries and has secured public reimbursement across several major markets including Germany  Italy  the U.K.  France and Belgium.View full U.S. prescribing information here: Ipsen.comView full E.U. prescribing information here: Bylvay  INN-odevixibat (europa.eu)Important Safety InformationPFIC: The most common adverse reactions are diarrhea  liver test abnormalities  vomiting  abdominal pain  and fat-soluble vitamin deficiency.ALGS: The most common adverse reactions are diarrhea  abdominal pain  hematoma  and weight decrease.Liver Test Abnormalities: Patients should obtain baseline liver tests and monitor during treatment. Dose reduction or treatment interruption may be required if abnormalities occur. For persistent or recurrent liver test abnormalities  consider treatment discontinuation.Diarrhea: Treat dehydration. Treatment interruption or discontinuation may be required for persistent diarrhea.Fat-Soluble Vitamin (FSV) Deficiency: Patient should obtain baseline vitamin levels and monitor during treatment. Supplement if deficiency is observed. If FSV deficiency persists or worsens despite FSV supplementation  discontinue treatment.ALGSALGS is an inherited rare  genetic disorder that can affect multiple organ systems in the body including the liver  heart  skeleton  eyes and kidneys. Liver damage may result from having fewer than normal  narrowed or malformed bile ducts  which leads to toxic bile acid build-up  which in turn can cause scarring and progressive liver disease.1 Approximately 95% of patients with the condition present with chronic cholestasis  usually within the first few months of life and as many as 88% also present with severe  intractable pruritus.2 3 The estimated global incidence of ALGS is 3 in 100 000 live births.4 Currently in the U.S.  it is estimated that there are 1 300 patients who may be eligible for IBATi treatment.ASSERT Phase III Clinical Trial DataASSERT is a double-blind  randomized  placebo-controlled trial designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of 120 µg /kg/day Bylvay for 24 weeks in relieving pruritus in patients with ALGS with 32 sites across North America  Europe  Middle East  and Asia Pacific. The trial enrolled patients aged 0 to 17 years of age with a genetically confirmed diagnosis of ALGS. In the primary analysis  the study met the primary endpoint showing highly statistically significant improvement in pruritus as measured by the PRUCISION Observer-Reported Outcome scratching score (0-4 point scale)  from baseline at month 6 (weeks 21 to 24)  compared to the placebo arm (p=0.002). More than 90% of patients were pruritus responders (≥ 1 point change at any time during 24 weeks). The study also met the key secondary endpoint showing a highly statistically significant reduction in serum bile acid concentration from baseline to the average of weeks 20 and 24 (compared to the placebo arm p=0.001). Statistically significant improvements in multiple sleep parameters were observed as early as weeks 1-4 compared to patients on placebo with continued improvement through week 24. In the study  there were no patient discontinuations and 96% of patients rolled over into the open-label extension study. Bylvay had an overall adverse event incidence similar to placebo and a low incidence of drug-related diarrhea (11.4% vs. 5.9% placebo).About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 400 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:Ipsen ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193Nicolas BoglerInvestor Relations Manager+33 6 52 19 98 92Media Anna GibbinsGlobal Head of Franchise Communications Rare Disease+44 (0)7717801900Amy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy & Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Alagille syndrome- about the disease. Genetic and rare diseases information center. https://rare-diseases.info.nih.gov/diseases/804/alagille-syndrome Singh S P.Euroasian J Hepatogastroenterol. 2018;8(2):140-147 Feldman A G. Neoreviews 2013;14 (2): e63–e73 Leonard L. European Journal of Human Genetics. 2014; 22:435Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.07,mixed,0.36,0.07,0.57,True,English,"['U.S. FDA', 'cholestatic pruritus', 'Alagille syndrome', 'Bylvay®', 'patients', 'systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor', 'Phase III ASSERT clinical study results', 'second rare cholestatic liver disease indication', 'rare pediatric cholestatic liver disease', 'final European Medicines Agency decision', 'Immediate U.S. commercial launch', 'full U.S. prescribing information', 'Phase III BOLD trial', 'Phase III ASSERT study', 'progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis', 'low drug-related diarrhea rate', 'final EMA regulatory decision', 'first drug treatment option', 'Liver Diseases congress', 'minimal systemic exposure', 'Human Use opinion', 'treatment-emergent adverse events', 'Orphan Drug Designations', 'several major markets', 'rare disease', 'open-label extension study', 'U.S. Food', 'Executive Vice President', 'Alagille Syndrome Alliance', 'additional treatment option', 'U.S. FDA', 'Alagille syndrome Committee', 'second indication', 'liver transplant', 'many Alagille patients', 'third indication', 'cholestatic pruritus', 'second half', 'Drug Administration', 'eligible ALGS patients', 'systemic IBATi', 'E.U.', 'U.K.', 'English French', 'sleep disturbances', 'secondary endpoints', 'Medicinal Products', 'daily, non', 'small intestine', 'intense itch', 'distressing condition', 'young children', 'Howard Mayer', 'Positive data', '2022 American Association', '≥ 1 point change', 'overall incidence', 'Nadia Ovchinsky', 'Hassenfeld Children', 'NYU Langone', 'Principal Investigator', 'patient population', 'leading indications', 'Roberta Smith', 'terrible impact', 'biliary atresia', 'patient support', 'nine countries', 'public reimbursement', 'eligible patients', 'late-stage development', 'three months', 'pruritus responders', 'debilitating pruritus', 'pruritus burden', 'FDA approval', '12 months', 'Bylvay', 'availability', 'efficacy', 'improvement', 'reduction', 'acids', 'Q2', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '13 June', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'odevixibat', 'PFIC', 'prescription', 'Today', 'physicians', 'potential', 'management', 'Head', 'Research', 'world', 'significant', 'meaningful', 'initiation', 'More', 'time', '24 weeks', 'placebo', 'options', 'robustness', 'MD', 'Chief', 'Division', 'Gastroenterology', 'Hepatology', 'Hospital', 'advocate', 'families', 'blessing', 'authorization', 'exclusivity', 'types', 'ENDS', 'program', 'access', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'Vie']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2687666/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),NEW YORK  June 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 05/31/2023 55 583 768 61 505 063About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS). For more information  visit www.cellectis.com . Follow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTubeForward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could ” “would” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  including information provided or otherwise publicly reported by our licensed partners. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancement  timing and progress of clinical trials (including with respect to patient enrollment and follow-up)  the timing of our presentation of data and submission of regulatory filings  the adequacy of our supply of clinical vials  the operational capabilities at our manufacturing facilities  the sufficiency of cash to fund operations  the adequacy and continuity of supply of clinical supply and alemtuzumab  the ability of an anti-CD52 as alemtuzumab to improve any efficacy and the potential benefit of UCART product candidates. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relation contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.16,0.64,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'many other important factors', 'applicable securities laws', 'Securities Exchange Commission', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'life-changing product candidates', 'UCART product candidates', 'product development plans', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'unmet medical needs', 'Investor Relation contacts', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'gene editing technology', 'other known', 'Listing market', 'immune system', 'operating plans', 'various factors', 'gene therapies', 'therapeutic gene', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'life-saving cell', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR T-cells', 'cancer patients', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'licensed partners', 'clinical trials', 'patient enrollment', 'regulatory filings', 'clinical vials', 'operational capabilities', 'manufacturing facilities', 'potential benefit', 'numerous risks', 'Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'financial report', 'subsequent filings', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'Media contact', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'various diseases', 'cash runway', 'clinical supply', 'management report', 'new information', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'shares', 'capital', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'CLLS', 'ALCLS', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'meaning', 'words', 'assumptions', 'advancement', 'timing', 'progress', 'respect', 'follow', 'presentation', 'data', 'submission', 'adequacy', 'sufficiency', 'operations', 'continuity', 'alemtuzumab', 'ability', 'anti-CD52', 'efficacy', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'time', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'reasons', 'future', 'Director', 'Communications', 'investors', 'Attachment', '®', '7']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ION-BEAM-APPLICATIONS-SA-6002/news/IBA-signs-contract-with-partner-CGN-Medical-Technology-for-the-installation-of-a-Proteus-PLUS-system-44096453/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,IBA signs contract with partner CGN Medical Technology for the installation of a Proteus®PLUS system in China,(marketscreener.com) This contract is the second order from CGN Medical Technology for IBA’s Proteus®PLUS system Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  June 13  2023 – IBA   the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton th…,This contract is the second order from CGN Medical Technology for IBA’s Proteus®PLUS systemLouvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  June 13  2023 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announced it has signed an equipment contract with its partner CGN Medical Technology (CGNMT) for IBA’s Proteus®PLUS1 proton therapy system  with one gantry treatment room to be installed at the West China International Cancer Treatment Center in Chengdu  Sichuan Province.CGNMT is the sole proton therapy system vendor for West China International Cancer Treatment Center in Chengdu. Following the strategic licensing agreement signed between IBA and CGNNT in 2020  IBA provides the key components of the Proteus®PLUS system to CGNMT which will be installed at the hospital site. CGNMT will be responsible for the installation  commissioning  service and maintenance of the proton therapy equipment.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: “This project is the ninth Proteus®PLUS system to be installed in China and the second order received from CGNMT since the beginning of our successful collaboration. We were happy to meet the management team of CGNMT in person for the first time since the pandemic and the signature of our agreement. We have been impressed with the progress that has been made so far by our partner and look forward to continuing our relationship with them to ensure the future success and expansion of proton therapy in the Chinese market.”HU Dongming  Chairman of CGN Nuclear Technology Development Co.  Ltd.  added: “We were happy to welcome Mr. Legrain and his team to CGN in Shenzhen and celebrate the fantastic progress we have made in the delivery of this innovative technology to the Chinese market. We are pleased and honored to be working with the West China International Cancer Treatment Center which demonstrates the potential of our collaboration for the benefit of cancer patients in China. We look forward to strengthening our relationship with IBA as we continue with this project.”***ENDS***[1] Proteus®PLUS is a brand name of Proteus®235About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout CGNNTCGNNT (stock code: 000881.SZ) is a leading company in the nuclear technology application industry that was restructured and listed in Shenzhen Stock Exchange on February 27  2017  after the major asset restructuring of CGN Nuclear Technology Application Co.  Ltd. and China Dalian International Cobusiness (Group) Holdings Ltd. Up to now  CGNNT has completed the layout of core business units such as accelerator manufacturing  application development and technical service and modified polymer material. Their market share leads the nation. CGNNT mainly incubates such emerging services as radiation detection and security inspection (managed) and new irradiation application  and actively expands to high-end fields such as nuclear medicine (especially PT field)  nuclear agricultural science and nuclear environmental protection  with market size firmly ahead in China.More information can be found at: http://www.cgnnt.com.cnCONTACTSSoumya ChandramouliChief Financial Officer+32 10 475 890Investorrelations@iba-group.comOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comConsilium Strategic CommunicationsAmber Fennell  Matthew Neal  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700IBA@consilium-comms.com1 Proteus®PLUS is a brand name of Proteus®235Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['CGN Medical Technology', 'Proteus®PLUS system', 'IBA', 'contract', 'partner', 'installation', 'China', 'West China International Cancer Treatment Center', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'sole proton therapy system vendor', 'CGN Nuclear Technology Development Co.', 'CGN Nuclear Technology Application Co.', 'Proteus®PLUS1 proton therapy system', 'China Dalian International Cobusiness', 'one gantry treatment room', 'nuclear technology application industry', 'ninth Proteus®PLUS system', 'CGN Medical Technology', 'nuclear agricultural science', 'new irradiation application', 'proton therapy solutions', 'particle accelerator technology', 'nuclear environmental protection', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major asset restructuring', 'core business units', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'proton therapy equipment', 'strategic licensing agreement', 'Group) Holdings Ltd', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'application development', 'cancer patients', 'nuclear medicine', 'innovative technology', '1 Proteus®PLUS', 'radiation therapy', 'stock code', 'accelerator manufacturing', 'environmental performance', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'second order', 'leading provider', 'Sichuan Province', 'key components', 'hospital site', 'Olivier Legrain', 'first time', 'future success', 'Chinese market', 'HU Dongming', 'Mr. Legrain', 'brand name', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'More information', 'market share', 'radiation detection', 'security inspection', 'market size', 'Soumya Chandramouli', 'Olivier Lechien', 'Amber Fennell', 'Matthew Neal', 'Lucy Featherstone', 'world leader', 'equipment contract', 'successful collaboration', 'management team', 'fantastic progress', 'technical service', 'emerging services', 'high-end fields', 'PT field', 'leading company', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'June', 'EURONEXT', 'partner', 'CGNMT', 'Chengdu', 'CGNNT', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'maintenance', 'project', 'beginning', 'person', 'pandemic', 'signature', 'relationship', 'expansion', 'Chairman', 'delivery', 'potential', 'benefit', 'ENDS', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '1,800 people', 'verified', 'social', 'BB', 'February', 'layout', 'material', 'CONTACTS', 'Investorrelations', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DECEUNINCK-NV-5973/news/Deceuninck-Opening-new-production-plant-Croatia-44096536/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Deceuninck : Opening new production plant Croatia,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   Tuesday 13 June 2023 at 7 AM CET   Opening new production plant in Donja Bistra    Deceuninck announces the opening of a new production plant in Donja Bistra  Croatia. Deceuninck has been present in Croatia fo…,"Press releaseTuesday 13 June 2023 at 7 AM CETOpening new production plant in Donja Bistra (Croatia)Deceuninck announces the opening of a new production plant in Donja Bistra  Croatia. Deceuninck has been present in Croatia for 20 years and was until now operating from three separate locations. The investment is worth approximately EUR 7 million and will unite all business processes from warehousing and production to management and administration into one location.The new factory covers an area of 17.000 m² with a further potential capacity of 11 production lines with greater efficiency and high-end service levels. The plant was built in accordance with the most modern requirements in terms of sustainability and energy saving  with the intention to include a solar panel installation on the production hall.End of press releaseAbout DeceuninckFounded in 1937  Deceuninck is a top 3 independent manufacturer of PVC and composite profiles for windows and doors. Headquartered in Hooglede-Gits (BE)  Deceuninck is organized in 3 geographical segments: Europe  North America and Turkey & Emerging Markets. Deceuninck operates 17 vertically integrated manufacturing facilities  which together with 16 sales and distribution entities guarantee the necessary service and response time to Customers. Deceuninck strongly focuses on innovation  sustainability and reliability. Deceuninck is listed on Euronext Brussels (""DECB"").Contact Deceuninck: Serge Piceu • T +32 51 239 219 • Investor.Relations@deceuninck.comwww.deceuninck.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['new production plant', 'Deceuninck', 'Croatia', '17 vertically integrated manufacturing facilities', 'three separate locations', 'solar panel installation', 'top 3 independent manufacturer', 'high-end service levels', 'new production plant', 'new factory', 'necessary service', '11 production lines', 'production hall', 'Press release', '7 AM CET', 'Donja Bistra', 'business processes', 'one location', 'potential capacity', 'greater efficiency', 'modern requirements', 'energy saving', 'composite profiles', '3 geographical segments', 'North America', 'Emerging Markets', 'distribution entities', 'response time', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Serge Piceu', 'Contact Deceuninck', 'Tuesday', 'June', 'Croatia', 'opening', '20 years', 'investment', 'warehousing', 'management', 'administration', 'area', '17.000 m²', 'accordance', 'terms', 'sustainability', 'intention', 'PVC', 'windows', 'doors', 'Hooglede-Gits', 'BE', 'Europe', 'Turkey', '16 sales', 'Customers', 'innovation', 'reliability', 'Investor', 'Relations']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ION-BEAM-APPLICATIONS-SA-6002/news/Ion-Beam-Applications-IBA-signs-contract-with-partner-CGN-Medical-Technology-for-the-installation-44096418/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Ion Beam Applications : IBA signs contract with partner CGN Medical Technology for the installation of a Proteus®PLUS system in China,(marketscreener.com)   Proton therapy    /    14.06.2023       This contract is the second order from CGN Medical Technology for IBA's Proteus®PLUS system     Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  June 13  2023 - IBA  the...https://www.marketscreen…,"This contract is the second order from CGN Medical Technology for IBA's Proteus®PLUS systemLouvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  June 13  2023 - IBA(Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world's leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announced it has signed an equipment contract with its partner CGN Medical Technology (CGNMT) for IBA's Proteus®PLUS[1]proton therapy system  with one gantry treatment room to be installed at the West China International Cancer Treatment Center in Chengdu  Sichuan Province.CGNMT is the sole proton therapy system vendor for West China International Cancer Treatment Center in Chengdu. Following the strategic licensing agreement signed between IBA and CGNNT in 2020  IBA provides the key components of the Proteus®PLUS system to CGNMT which will be installed at the hospital site. CGNMT will be responsible for the installation  commissioning  service and maintenance of the proton therapy equipment.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: ""This project is the ninth Proteus®PLUS system to be installed in China and the second order received from CGNMT since the beginning of our successful collaboration. We were happy to meet the management team of CGNMT in person for the first time since the pandemic and the signature of our agreement. We have been impressed with the progress that has been made so far by our partner and look forward to continuing our relationship with them to ensure the future success and expansion of proton therapy in the Chinese market.""HU Dongming  Chairman of CGN Nuclear Technology Development Co.  Ltd.  added: ""We were happy to welcome Mr. Legrain and his team to CGN in Shenzhen and celebrate the fantastic progress we have made in the delivery of this innovative technology to the Chinese market. We are pleased and honored to be working with the West China International Cancer Treatment Center which demonstrates the potential of our collaboration for the benefit of cancer patients in China. We look forward to strengthening our relationship with IBA as we continue with this project.""***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout CGNNTCGNNT (stock code: 000881.SZ) is a leading company in the nuclear technology application industry that was restructured and listed in Shenzhen Stock Exchange on February 27  2017  after the major asset restructuring of CGN Nuclear Technology Application Co.  Ltd. and China Dalian International Cobusiness (Group) Holdings Ltd. Up to now  CGNNT has completed the layout of core business units such as accelerator manufacturing  application development and technical service and modified polymer material. Their market share leads the nation. CGNNT mainly incubates such emerging services as radiation detection and security inspection (managed) and new irradiation application  and actively expands to high-end fields such as nuclear medicine (especially PT field)  nuclear agricultural science and nuclear environmental protection  with market size firmly ahead in China.More information can be found at: http://www.cgnnt.com.cn",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Ion Beam Applications', 'CGN Medical Technology', 'Proteus®PLUS system', 'IBA', 'contract', 'partner', 'installation', 'China', 'West China International Cancer Treatment Center', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'sole proton therapy system vendor', 'CGN Nuclear Technology Development Co.', 'CGN Nuclear Technology Application Co.', 'Proteus®PLUS[1]proton therapy system', 'China Dalian International Cobusiness', 'one gantry treatment room', 'ninth Proteus®PLUS system', 'nuclear technology application industry', 'CGN Medical Technology', 'nuclear agricultural science', 'new irradiation application', 'proton therapy solutions', 'particle accelerator technology', 'nuclear environmental protection', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major asset restructuring', 'Group) Holdings Ltd', 'core business units', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'proton therapy equipment', 'strategic licensing agreement', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'application development', 'cancer patients', 'nuclear medicine', 'innovative technology', 'radiation therapy', 'stock code', 'accelerator manufacturing', 'environmental performance', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'second order', 'leading provider', 'Sichuan Province', 'key components', 'hospital site', 'Olivier Legrain', 'first time', 'future success', 'Chinese market', 'HU Dongming', 'Mr. Legrain', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'More information', 'market share', 'radiation detection', 'security inspection', 'market size', 'world leader', 'equipment contract', 'successful collaboration', 'management team', 'fantastic progress', 'technical service', 'emerging services', 'high-end fields', 'PT field', 'leading company', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'June', 'EURONEXT', 'partner', 'CGNMT', 'Chengdu', 'CGNNT', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'maintenance', 'project', 'beginning', 'person', 'pandemic', 'signature', 'relationship', 'expansion', 'Chairman', 'delivery', 'potential', 'benefit', 'ENDS', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '1,800 people', 'social', 'BB', 'February', 'layout', 'material']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686782/0/en/IBA-signs-contract-with-partner-CGN-Medical-Technology-for-the-installation-of-a-Proteus-PLUS-system-in-China.html,IBA signs contract with partner CGN Medical Technology for the installation of a Proteus®PLUS system in China,This contract is the second order from CGN Medical Technology for IBA’s Proteus®PLUS system  Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  June 13  2023 – IBA (Ion Beam......,English FrenchThis contract is the second order from CGN Medical Technology for IBA’s Proteus®PLUS systemLouvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  June 13  2023 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announced it has signed an equipment contract with its partner CGN Medical Technology (CGNMT) for IBA’s Proteus®PLUS1 proton therapy system  with one gantry treatment room to be installed at the West China International Cancer Treatment Center in Chengdu  Sichuan Province.CGNMT is the sole proton therapy system vendor for West China International Cancer Treatment Center in Chengdu. Following the strategic licensing agreement signed between IBA and CGNNT in 2020  IBA provides the key components of the Proteus®PLUS system to CGNMT which will be installed at the hospital site. CGNMT will be responsible for the installation  commissioning  service and maintenance of the proton therapy equipment.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: “This project is the ninth Proteus®PLUS system to be installed in China and the second order received from CGNMT since the beginning of our successful collaboration. We were happy to meet the management team of CGNMT in person for the first time since the pandemic and the signature of our agreement. We have been impressed with the progress that has been made so far by our partner and look forward to continuing our relationship with them to ensure the future success and expansion of proton therapy in the Chinese market.”HU Dongming  Chairman of CGN Nuclear Technology Development Co.  Ltd.  added: “We were happy to welcome Mr. Legrain and his team to CGN in Shenzhen and celebrate the fantastic progress we have made in the delivery of this innovative technology to the Chinese market. We are pleased and honored to be working with the West China International Cancer Treatment Center which demonstrates the potential of our collaboration for the benefit of cancer patients in China. We look forward to strengthening our relationship with IBA as we continue with this project.”***ENDS***[1] Proteus®PLUS is a brand name of Proteus®235About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout CGNNTCGNNT (stock code: 000881.SZ) is a leading company in the nuclear technology application industry that was restructured and listed in Shenzhen Stock Exchange on February 27  2017  after the major asset restructuring of CGN Nuclear Technology Application Co.  Ltd. and China Dalian International Cobusiness (Group) Holdings Ltd. Up to now  CGNNT has completed the layout of core business units such as accelerator manufacturing  application development and technical service and modified polymer material. Their market share leads the nation. CGNNT mainly incubates such emerging services as radiation detection and security inspection (managed) and new irradiation application  and actively expands to high-end fields such as nuclear medicine (especially PT field)  nuclear agricultural science and nuclear environmental protection  with market size firmly ahead in China.More information can be found at: http://www.cgnnt.com.cnCONTACTSSoumya ChandramouliChief Financial Officer+32 10 475 890Investorrelations@iba-group.comOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comConsilium Strategic CommunicationsAmber Fennell  Matthew Neal  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700IBA@consilium-comms.com1 Proteus®PLUS is a brand name of Proteus®235Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['CGN Medical Technology', 'Proteus®PLUS system', 'IBA', 'contract', 'partner', 'installation', 'China', 'West China International Cancer Treatment Center', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'sole proton therapy system vendor', 'CGN Nuclear Technology Development Co.', 'CGN Nuclear Technology Application Co.', 'Proteus®PLUS1 proton therapy system', 'China Dalian International Cobusiness', 'one gantry treatment room', 'nuclear technology application industry', 'ninth Proteus®PLUS system', 'CGN Medical Technology', 'nuclear agricultural science', 'new irradiation application', 'proton therapy solutions', 'particle accelerator technology', 'nuclear environmental protection', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major asset restructuring', 'core business units', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'proton therapy equipment', 'strategic licensing agreement', 'Group) Holdings Ltd', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'application development', 'cancer patients', 'nuclear medicine', 'innovative technology', '1 Proteus®PLUS', 'radiation therapy', 'stock code', 'accelerator manufacturing', 'environmental performance', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'English French', 'second order', 'leading provider', 'Sichuan Province', 'key components', 'hospital site', 'Olivier Legrain', 'first time', 'future success', 'Chinese market', 'HU Dongming', 'Mr. Legrain', 'brand name', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'More information', 'market share', 'radiation detection', 'security inspection', 'market size', 'Soumya Chandramouli', 'Olivier Lechien', 'Amber Fennell', 'Matthew Neal', 'Lucy Featherstone', 'world leader', 'equipment contract', 'successful collaboration', 'management team', 'fantastic progress', 'technical service', 'emerging services', 'high-end fields', 'PT field', 'leading company', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'June', 'EURONEXT', 'partner', 'CGNMT', 'Chengdu', 'CGNNT', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'maintenance', 'project', 'beginning', 'person', 'pandemic', 'signature', 'relationship', 'expansion', 'Chairman', 'delivery', 'potential', 'benefit', 'ENDS', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '1,800 people', 'social', 'BB', 'February', 'layout', 'material', 'CONTACTS', 'Investorrelations', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26132,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LES-AGENCES-DE-PAPA-122614995/news/Les-Agences-de-Papa-Versity-invited-by-Dynamis-Group-to-the-Provada-trade-show-44096723/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Les Agences de Papa: Versity invited by Dynamis Group to the Provada trade show,(marketscreener.com) Les Agences de PapaLes Agences de Papa: Versity invited by Dynamis Group to the Provada trade show 13-Jun-2023 / 08:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible f…,"Versity invited by Dynamis Group to the Provada trade showVersity (Euronext Access+/ code MLPAP)  a leading European company in Web 3 and virtual reality applied to real estate  has been invited by Groupe Dynamis  a major real estate player in the Netherlands  to take part in the Provada real estate trade show. This event takes place from June 13 to 15 in Amsterdam and will bring together the key players in the Dutch real estate industry.Versity  the next generation web3 and virtual reality solution  will be presented to show attendees in partnership with Groupe Dynamis.Dynamis group  'Local Heroes' Historic player in the Dutch real estate marketWith over 25 years' experience  Groupe Dynamis(https://dynamis.nl) plays a key role in the Dutch real estate sector  offering a full range of services to its partners. They have 50 branches across the country  employing over 550 people.Nicolas Fratini & Frédéric Ibanez: ""We would like to warmly thank our partner  Groupe Dynamis  for this invitation  which testifies to the strong interest in our technology. We are proud to present Versity  the first web3 and VR solution dedicated to real estate. It's a first step into the very active Dutch market  which  with over 200 000 transactions  is a mature market at the cutting edge of innovation.""Versity innovation made in France highlighted in partnership with Groupe DynamisThe Versity® project aims to create immersive virtual real estate spaces  enabling users to enjoy unique experiences by exploring  visualizing and interacting with real estate in an innovative and immersive way.Participation in the Provada show will provide Versity with an opportunity to unveil its latest achievements  share its knowledge and establish potential strategic partnerships. The Versity team will be on hand at Dynamis Group stand to answer visitors' questions  discuss collaboration opportunities and present its innovative solutions.Provada ""WE CAN BE HEROESProvada is known as the largest real estate fair in the Netherlands. With over 275 exhibitors from the real estate sector (project developers  investors  builders  architects  financiers  advisors  brokers and housing associations with over 70 municipalities  provinces and central government)  it is the benchmark show in the Benelux.The 2023 event is scheduled for June 13  14 and 15  and takes place over three days at the RAI Amsterdam. It will welcome over 24 000 trade visitors.The slogan for the 2023 edition is ""WE CAN BE HEROES""  suggesting a focus on innovation  sustainability and positive impact on the built environment.Provada is a key platform for knowledge sharing  networking and innovation in the Dutch and global real estate industry.We warmly invite all Provada visitors to come and meet the Versity team at Groupe Dynamisstand 10-31 to discover how our expertise in 3D web real estate can transform their approach to real estate and create unique immersive experiences.About Versity®Versity® is a proptech company specializing in innovative real estate solutions based on immersive 3D virtual tours of properties and their surroundings. Versity® enables customers to visit properties virtually and interactively  at any time and from anywhere. Versity® is listed on Euronext Access+ (FR0014003I41 / MLPAP).Contacts",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Les Agences de', 'Provada trade show', 'Dynamis Group', 'Papa', 'Versity', 'immersive virtual real estate spaces', ""Local Heroes' Historic player"", 'Frédéric Ibanez', 'Provada real estate trade show', 'major real estate player', 'largest real estate fair', 'global real estate industry', 'immersive 3D virtual tours', 'Dutch real estate industry', 'Dutch real estate sector', '3D web real estate', 'Euronext Access+/ code MLPAP', 'Dutch real estate market', 'innovative real estate solutions', 'active Dutch market', 'potential strategic partnerships', 'Provada trade show', 'leading European company', 'next generation web3', 'virtual reality solution', 'unique immersive experiences', 'Dynamis Group stand', 'The Versity® project', 'The Versity team', 'immersive way', 'Provada show', 'innovative solutions', '24,000 trade visitors', 'mature market', 'unique experiences', 'benchmark show', 'first web3', 'VR solution', 'project developers', 'proptech company', 'Provada visitors', 'Groupe Dynamis', 'key players', ""25 years' experience"", 'key role', 'full range', 'Nicolas Fratini', 'strong interest', 'first step', 'cutting edge', 'latest achievements', ""visitors' questions"", 'collaboration opportunities', 'housing associations', 'central government', 'three days', 'positive impact', 'key platform', 'RAI Amsterdam', 'knowledge sharing', 'Versity innovation', 'Web 3', 'Netherlands', 'event', 'place', 'June', 'attendees', 'nl', 'services', '50 branches', 'country', '550 people', 'invitation', 'technology', '200,000 transactions', 'France', 'users', 'Participation', 'opportunity', 'hand', '275 exhibitors', 'investors', 'builders', 'architects', 'financiers', 'advisors', 'brokers', '70 municipalities', 'provinces', 'Benelux', 'slogan', '2023 edition', 'focus', 'sustainability', 'environment', 'networking', 'expertise', 'approach', 'properties', 'surroundings', 'customers', 'time', 'Contacts']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26133,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRTUALWARE-S-A-153642747/news/Virtualware-S-A-VIROO-set-to-support-Mixed-Reality-capabilities-upon-its-new-release-44096580/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Virtualware S A : VIROO set to support Mixed Reality capabilities upon its new release,(marketscreener.com)   Virtualware's VIROO set to support Mixed Reality capabilities upon its new release      13 Jun 2023 07:30 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   VIRTUALWARE 2007 S.A.      BILBAO  Spain  June...https://www.marketscreen…,"Virtualware's VIROO set to support Mixed Reality capabilities upon its new releaseBILBAO  Spain  June 13  2023 - Spanish listed company Virtualware (EPA:MLVIR)  a global leader in immersive technology solutions  today announced its readiness to support mixed reality (MR) capabilities on its VIROO 2.4 release coming in July.The version 2.4 of VIROO boasts the capacity to blend VR and AR/MR technologies within its sessions  creating a seamless experience with multiple users connected from various locations and using different devices  offering a true cross-platform interoperability.This remarkable feature is already operational with HTC's VIVE XR ELITE and will extend for every pass-through capable headset including PICO XR headsets  Meta Quest 3  and will explore the future capabilities of the coming Apple's Vision Pro  enabling users to take full advantage of this innovative technology.""With VIROO's unique capabilities  we can facilitate multi-user sessions that incorporate both VR and AR/MR devices. This makes VIROO a highly versatile platform  enabling a transparent use of both immersive technologies and allowing users to choose their preferred immersive experience "" said Sergio Barrera  CTO and Co-founder of Virtualware.Virtualware aims to leverage the groundbreaking MR feature by introducing of a few simple yet powerful drag and drop components on VIROO Studio for Unity  allowing any developer to create and publish adaptative XR content effortlessly.With a diverse client base that includes GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technical University  and EAN University  Virtualware is poised for further global expansion.Virtualware is a pioneering global technology firm specializing in virtual reality solutions. Since its establishment in 2004  the company has executed over 500 projects across 33 countries. Its innovative Virtual Reality as a Service (VRaaS) platform  VIROO  is aimed at making virtual reality accessible to businesses of all sizes and sectors.It started trading at Euronext Paris last April  with a market valuation over 27 million euros.061323virtualwareviroosupportmixedrealityuponnewrelease.pdf",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Virtualware S A', 'Mixed Reality capabilities', 'new release', 'VIROO', 'El Retoño Technical University', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'pioneering global technology firm', 'mixed reality (MR) capabilities', 'Mixed Reality capabilities', 'true cross-platform interoperability', 'VIVE XR ELITE', 'PICO XR headsets', 'groundbreaking MR feature', 'adaptative XR content', 'diverse client base', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'immersive technology solutions', 'virtual reality solutions', 'preferred immersive experience', 'innovative Virtual Reality', 'Spanish listed company', 'innovative technology', 'EAN University', 'future capabilities', 'unique capabilities', 'global leader', 'immersive technologies', 'global expansion', 'seamless experience', 'remarkable feature', 'Spanish Ministry', 'new release', 'EPA:MLVIR', 'AR/MR technologies', 'various locations', 'different devices', 'capable headset', 'Meta Quest', 'coming Apple', 'Vision Pro', 'full advantage', 'AR/MR devices', 'transparent use', 'Sergio Barrera', 'powerful drag', 'Guardian Glass', 'Euronext Paris', 'market valuation', '27 million euros', 'multi-user sessions', 'VRaaS) platform', 'multiple users', 'VIROO 2.4 release', 'VIROO Studio', 'Virtualware', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'June', 'readiness', 'July', 'version', 'capacity', 'HTC', 'pass', 'CTO', 'founder', 'simple', 'components', 'Unity', 'developer', 'publish', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'Defense', 'establishment', '500 projects', '33 countries', 'Service', 'businesses', 'sizes']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26134,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2687037/0/en/Virtualware-s-VIROO-set-to-support-Mixed-Reality-capabilities-upon-its-new-release.html,Virtualware's VIROO set to support Mixed Reality capabilities upon its new release,BILBAO  Spain  June 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Virtualware (EPA:MLVIR)  a global leader in immersive technology solutions  today announced its readiness to support mixed reality (MR) capabilities on its VIROO 2.4 release coming in Jul…,BILBAO  Spain  June 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Virtualware (EPA:MLVIR)  a global leader in immersive technology solutions  today announced its readiness to support mixed reality (MR) capabilities on its VIROO 2.4 release coming in July.The version 2.4 of VIROO boasts the capacity to blend VR and AR/MR technologies within its sessions  creating a seamless experience with multiple users connected from various locations and using different devices  offering a true cross-platform interoperability.This remarkable feature is already operational with HTC's VIVE XR ELITE and will extend for every pass-through capable headset including PICO XR headsets  Meta Quest 3  and will explore the future capabilities of the coming Apple's Vision Pro  enabling users to take full advantage of this innovative technology.“With VIROO's unique capabilities  we can facilitate multi-user sessions that incorporate both VR and AR/MR devices. This makes VIROO a highly versatile platform  enabling a transparent use of both immersive technologies and allowing users to choose their preferred immersive experience ” said Sergio Barrera  CTO and Co-founder of Virtualware.Virtualware aims to leverage the groundbreaking MR feature by introducing of a few simple yet powerful drag and drop components on VIROO Studio for Unity  allowing any developer to create and publish adaptative XR content effortlessly.With a diverse client base that includes GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technical University  and EAN University  Virtualware is poised for further global expansion.Virtualware is a pioneering global technology firm specializing in virtual reality solutions. Since its establishment in 2004  the company has executed over 500 projects across 33 countries. Its innovative VRaaS platform  VIROO  is aimed at making virtual reality accessible to businesses of all sizes and sectors.It started trading at Euronext Paris last April  with a market valuation over 27 million euros.,neutral,0.14,0.86,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Mixed Reality capabilities', 'new release', 'Virtualware', 'VIROO', 'El Retoño Technical University', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'pioneering global technology firm', 'mixed reality (MR) capabilities', 'true cross-platform interoperability', 'VIVE XR ELITE', 'through capable headset', 'PICO XR headsets', 'groundbreaking MR feature', 'adaptative XR content', 'diverse client base', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'immersive technology solutions', 'virtual reality solutions', 'preferred immersive experience', 'Spanish listed company', 'innovative VRaaS platform', 'innovative technology', 'EAN University', 'global leader', 'future capabilities', 'unique capabilities', 'immersive technologies', 'global expansion', 'seamless experience', 'remarkable feature', 'Spanish Ministry', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'AR/MR technologies', 'various locations', 'different devices', 'Meta Quest', 'coming Apple', 'Vision Pro', 'full advantage', 'AR/MR devices', 'transparent use', 'Sergio Barrera', 'simple yet', 'powerful drag', 'Guardian Glass', 'Euronext Paris', 'market valuation', '27 million euros', 'multi-user sessions', 'VIROO 2.4 release', 'multiple users', 'VIROO Studio', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'June', 'Virtualware', 'EPA', 'MLVIR', 'readiness', 'July', 'version', 'capacity', 'HTC', 'pass', 'CTO', 'founder', 'components', 'Unity', 'developer', 'publish', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'Defense', 'establishment', '500 projects', '33 countries', 'businesses', 'sizes']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Repurchase-treasury-shares-44097499/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Colruyt N : Repurchase treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE - Halle   13 June 2023 - 08h30 - Regulated information   Repurchase of treasury shares   Referring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in…,PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium)  13 June 2023 - 08h30 - Regulated informationRepurchase of treasury sharesReferring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Companies and Associations Code  the Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV communicates that it has purchased in the period from 5 June 2023 to 9 June 2023 a total of 63.117 treasury shares at the regulated market Euronext Brussels  at an MTF or outside of an organised trading facility in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors of Colruyt Group has performed this purchase after having been so empowered by the extraordinary general meeting of 10 October 2019.As a result of these transactions the company holds a total of 7.085.901 treasury shares on 9 June 2023 or 5 28% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 134.077.688).An overview of the repurchases of treasury shares since 1 July 2009  will be available on our website www.colruytgroup.comunder:Investors/Shareholders' information/Overview of capital and shares/Repurchase of shares.Overview of repurchases from 5 June 2023 to 9 June 2023Date of Trading Number Average Highest Lowest Total (EUR) purchase facility of shares price (EUR) purchase purchase (1) price (EUR) price (EUR) 05/06/2023 AQUE 387 30 9747 31 00 30 88 05/06/2023 CEUX 1.580 30 9631 31 00 30 81 05/06/2023 TQEX 284 30 9811 31 00 30 84 05/06/2023 XBRU 12.749 30 9143 31 00 30 79 05/06/2023 15.000 30 9223 463.834 50 06/06/2023 AQUE 485 30 9522 30 98 30 93 06/06/2023 CEUX 213 30 9557 31 00 30 94 06/06/2023 TQEX 46 30 9757 30 98 30 93 06/06/2023 XBRU 5.742 30 9592 31 00 30 90 06/06/2023 6.486 30 9587 200.798 13 07/06/2023 AQUE 1.094 30 9782 31 00 30 94 07/06/2023 CEUX 2.207 30 9688 31 00 30 93 07/06/2023 TQEX 432 30 9683 30 98 30 94 07/06/2023 XBRU 10.912 30 9699 31 00 30 94 07/06/2023 14.645 30 9703 453.560 04 08/06/2023 AQUE 1.011 30 9819 31 00 30 96 08/06/2023 CEUX 1.454 30 9671 31 00 30 93 08/06/2023 TQEX 1.045 30 9703 31 00 30 93 08/06/2023 XBRU 8.545 30 9764 31 00 30 91 08/06/2023 12.055 30 9752 373.406 04 09/06/2023 AQUE 1.252 30 9621 31 00 30 95 09/06/2023 CEUX 2.510 30 9698 31 00 30 94 09/06/2023 TQEX 934 30 9829 30 99 30 95 09/06/2023 XBRU 10.235 30 9368 31 00 30 80 09/06/2023 14.931 30 9474 462.075 63 General Total 63.117 30 95 1.953.674 34,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'treasury shares', 'Fr. Colruyt NV', 'organised trading facility', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Highest Lowest Total', 'Colruyt Group', 'Trading Number', 'purchase facility', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Associations Code', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'applicable regulations', 'The Board', ""Shareholders' information"", 'total number', 'treasury shares', 'purchase purchase', 'shares price', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '13 June', '08h30', 'Repurchase', 'article', 'Companies', '29 April', 'execution', 'Etn', 'period', '5 June', '9 June', 'market', 'MTF', 'accordance', 'Directors', '10 October', 'result', 'transactions', 'company', 'overview', '1 July', 'website', 'capital', 'Date', 'AQUE', 'CEUX', 'TQEX', 'XBRU']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686816/0/en/The-Atos-Board-of-Directors-and-its-management-protest-against-attempts-to-destabilize-and-disparage-the-Group.html,The Atos Board of Directors and its management protest against attempts to destabilize and disparage the Group,Paris  June 13  2023 – The Atos Board of Directors is surprised by Mr. Leo Apotheker’s comments  violently criticizing its functioning all the while validating the Group’s strategy as well as the quality of its management  two essential prerogatives of the Bo…,"English FrenchParis  June 13  2023 – The Atos Board of Directors is surprised by Mr. Leo Apotheker’s comments  violently criticizing its functioning all the while validating the Group’s strategy as well as the quality of its management  two essential prerogatives of the Board  chaired by Mr. Bertrand Meunier.These attacks are only designed to destabilize a group mobilized to execute its turnaround and implement its strategy to create value for all its stakeholders  while Mr. Leo Apotheker and Mr. Cyril Charlot know nothing about the effective functioning of the Atos’ governance.Liz Tinkham  Lead Independent Director  stated: ""The Board of Directors is pleased with the transformation currently taking place at Atos. We are trending in the right direction but still have much work to do to realize the full plan. A change in Board leadership at this time would be highly destabilizing for the Group.”Nourdine Bihmane  Diane Galbe and Philippe Oliva  in charge of the Group's operational management and transformation  declared: ""Thanks to the outstanding mobilization of its 110 000 employees  Atos’ turnaround is ahead of schedule and its success depends on the Group’s stability"".***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor Relations: Thomas Guillois +33 6 21 34 36 62 thomas.guillois@atos.netMedia Relations : Anette Rey +33 6 69 79 84 88 anette.rey@atos.netAttachment",negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,mixed,0.24,0.15,0.6,True,English,"['The Atos Board', 'management protest', 'Directors', 'attempts', 'Group', 'Mr. Leo Apotheker', 'two essential prerogatives', 'Mr. Bertrand Meunier', 'Mr. Cyril Charlot', 'Lead Independent Director', 'secure information space', 'The Atos Board', 'English French', 'Liz Tinkham', 'right direction', 'full plan', 'Nourdine Bihmane', 'Diane Galbe', 'Philippe Oliva', 'operational management', 'outstanding mobilization', 'global leader', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Board leadership', 'effective functioning', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Anette Rey', 'digital transformation', 'Atos’ governance', 'atos.', 'Directors', 'comments', 'Group', 'strategy', 'quality', 'attacks', 'turnaround', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'place', 'work', 'change', 'time', 'charge', '110,000 employees', 'schedule', 'success', 'stability', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/The-Atos-Board-of-Directors-and-its-management-protest-against-attempts-to-destabilize-and-disparage-44096851/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,The Atos Board of Directors and its management protest against attempts to destabilize and disparage the Group,(marketscreener.com) Paris  June 13  2023 – The Atos Board of Directors is surprised by Mr. Leo Apotheker’s comments  violently criticizing its functioning all the while validating the Group’s strategy as well as the quality of its management  two essential p…,"Paris  June 13  2023 – The Atos Board of Directors is surprised by Mr. Leo Apotheker’s comments  violently criticizing its functioning all the while validating the Group’s strategy as well as the quality of its management  two essential prerogatives of the Board  chaired by Mr. Bertrand Meunier.These attacks are only designed to destabilize a group mobilized to execute its turnaround and implement its strategy to create value for all its stakeholders  while Mr. Leo Apotheker and Mr. Cyril Charlot know nothing about the effective functioning of the Atos’ governance.Liz Tinkham  Lead Independent Director  stated: ""The Board of Directors is pleased with the transformation currently taking place at Atos. We are trending in the right direction but still have much work to do to realize the full plan. A change in Board leadership at this time would be highly destabilizing for the Group.”Nourdine Bihmane  Diane Galbe and Philippe Oliva  in charge of the Group's operational management and transformation  declared: ""Thanks to the outstanding mobilization of its 110 000 employees  Atos’ turnaround is ahead of schedule and its success depends on the Group’s stability"".***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor Relations: Thomas Guillois +33 6 21 34 36 62 thomas.guillois@atos.netMedia Relations : Anette Rey +33 6 69 79 84 88 anette.rey@atos.netAttachment",negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,mixed,0.32,0.09,0.59,True,English,"['The Atos Board', 'management protest', 'Directors', 'attempts', 'Group', 'Mr. Leo Apotheker', 'two essential prerogatives', 'Mr. Bertrand Meunier', 'Mr. Cyril Charlot', 'Lead Independent Director', 'atos.net Attachment', 'secure information space', 'The Atos Board', 'Liz Tinkham', 'right direction', 'full plan', 'Nourdine Bihmane', 'Diane Galbe', 'Philippe Oliva', 'operational management', 'outstanding mobilization', 'global leader', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Board leadership', 'effective functioning', 'Atos’ governance', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Anette Rey', 'digital transformation', 'Directors', 'comments', 'Group', 'strategy', 'quality', 'attacks', 'turnaround', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'place', 'work', 'change', 'time', 'charge', '110,000 employees', 'schedule', 'success', 'stability', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FIERA-MILANO-SPA-100156/news/Fiera-Milano-Resignation-of-Andrea-Maldi-from-the-office-of-Chief-Financial-Officer-and-Manager-re-44102641/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Fiera Milano : Resignation of Andrea Maldi from the office of Chief Financial Officer and Manager responsible for preparing the corporate accounting documents,(marketscreener.com)   RESIGNATION OF ANDREA MALDI FROM THE OFFICE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND MANAGER RESPONSIBLE FOR PREPARING THE CORPORATE ACCOUNTING DOCUMENTS   Milan  13 June 2023 - The Company announces that it had shared with Mr. Andrea Maldi …,"RESIGNATION OF ANDREA MALDI FROM THE OFFICE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND MANAGER RESPONSIBLE FOR PREPARING THE CORPORATE ACCOUNTING DOCUMENTSMilan  13 June 2023 - The Company announces that it had shared with Mr. Andrea Maldi  Chief Financial Officer and Manager responsible for preparing the corporate accounting documents  the opportunity to proceed with the termination of the existing employment relationship. Following the agreement reached  Mr. Maldi resigned with immediate effect.The Company specifies that in the agreement that defined the termination of the relationship terms  also by way of general and innovative transaction  for Mr. Maldi  subject to the favorable opinion of the Control and Risk Committee of Fiera Milano (involved in application of the art. 9.1 of the Company's ""Procedure regarding transactions with related parties"")  will be recognized the gross amount of Euro 400 000.00  in addition to severance pay and the amount due in relation to the rights accrued as part of participation in the short and medium-long term incentive plans  as reported in the Company's Remuneration Report. The Manager will also receive the variable remuneration relating to the MBO 2023 Plan  pro rata temporis  for a gross value of Euro 50 000.00.It should be noted that Mr. Maldi is the beneficiary of 38 750 Company shares pursuant to the 2021-2022 Performance Share Plan. Payment of the above amounts will be made by 31 July 2023. It should be also noted that no claw back or malus clauses are applicable. There is no non-competition obligation subsequent to the termination of the relationship and  therefore  no consideration will be due in this respect.The Company - in recognizing the professional qualities always demonstrated by Mr. Maldi - wishes him continued success in his managerial career. Mr. Maldi  for his part  sends his best wishes to the new Chief Executive Officer and to the entire Fiera Milano Group.***Fiera MilanoFiera Milano is the domestic market leader and one of the main integrated operators worldwide in the exhibition and congress sector. The Group manages the leading exhibition site in Italy and dominates events in numerous manufacturing sectors: fashion  publishing  furniture and furnishings  home and lifestyle  mechanical tooling industry  tourism  professional hospitality  food  plant engineering and energy  construction and art. Specifically  the business of the Group is focused on the management  organisation and hosting of exhibitions and other events through ensuring the availability of equipped exhibition space  project support and related services. Its offer is completed by engineering services  standfitting services as well as a multichannel platform that includes web content and congresses. Fiera Milano has been listed in the STAR segment of the Euronext Milan stock market since 2002.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer', 'corporate accounting documents', 'Fiera Milano', 'Andrea Maldi', 'Resignation', 'Manager', 'medium-long term incentive plans', '2021-2022 Performance Share Plan', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'Euronext Milan stock market', 'entire Fiera Milano Group', 'CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER', 'domestic market leader', 'CORPORATE ACCOUNTING DOCUMENTS', 'main integrated operators', 'numerous manufacturing sectors', 'mechanical tooling industry', 'existing employment relationship', 'leading exhibition site', 'Mr. Andrea Maldi', 'MBO 2023 Plan', 'Mr. Maldi', 'The Group', 'immediate effect', 'relationship terms', 'innovative transaction', 'favorable opinion', 'Risk Committee', 'related parties', 'severance pay', 'Remuneration Report', 'variable remuneration', 'rata temporis', 'gross value', 'malus clauses', 'competition obligation', 'professional qualities', 'managerial career', 'best wishes', 'congress sector', 'professional hospitality', 'plant engineering', 'exhibition space', 'project support', 'related services', 'engineering services', 'standfitting services', 'multichannel platform', 'web content', 'gross amount', '38,750 Company shares', 'other events', 'The Company', 'RESIGNATION', 'opportunity', 'termination', 'agreement', 'way', 'general', 'Control', 'application', 'art.', 'Procedure', 'transactions', 'addition', 'rights', 'participation', 'short', 'beneficiary', 'Payment', 'amounts', '31 July', 'claw', 'consideration', 'respect', 'continued', 'success', 'Italy', 'fashion', 'publishing', 'furniture', 'furnishings', 'home', 'lifestyle', 'tourism', 'food', 'energy', 'construction', 'business', 'management', 'organisation', 'hosting', 'exhibitions', 'availability', 'offer', 'congresses', 'segment', '13']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TESSERENT-LIMITED-26786239/news/Thales-proposes-to-acquire-Tesserent-in-a-recommended-transaction-expanding-its-global-cybersecurit-44095586/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Thales proposes to acquire Tesserent in a recommended transaction  expanding its global cybersecurity leadership,(marketscreener.com) Tesserent is one of Australia and New Zealand's largest cybersecurity companies  with a calendar year 2022 turnover of A$185 million and ~500 employees across nine offices. As a leading cyber consulting company for Government and Defenc…,Tesserent Limited (ASX: TNT) and Thales (Euronext Paris: HO) are pleased to announce that they have entered into a binding Scheme Implementation Deed (SID) under which it is proposed that Thales will acquire 100% of the shares in Tesserent by way of a Scheme of Arrangement for A$0.13 per ordinary share in cash valuing Tesserent’s equity at A$176m (circa €107 million)1.The combination of Thales and Tesserent will create an experienced provider of much needed cybersecurity services in Australia and New Zealand at a time when the market is expecting double-digit growth through to 2026.The Tesserent business will continue to be known as Tesserent  and its visual identity will incorporate the “Cyber Solutions by Thales” tagline. It will become the lead Cybersecurity offering of Thales Australia and New Zealand. It will accelerate the growth of cyber solutions operations for Thales customers in Australia and New Zealand  supported by the scale  balance sheet and know-how of the global Thales business.As a global leader in cybersecurity  Thales is involved at every level of the cyber value chain  offering solutions ranging from risk assessment to protection of critical infrastructure  supported by comprehensive threat detection and response capabilities. Its offer is built around three families of cybersecurity products and services  which generated sales of €1.5bn in 2022:Global security products around the CipherTrust Data Security Platform the SafeNet Trusted Access Identity & Access Management as a service solution  and the broader cloud protection & licensing offerings Sovereign protection products including encryptors and sensors to protect critical information systems Cybels solutions portfolio  a complete suite of cybersecurity services including risk assessment  training and simulation  and cyberattack detection and responseKurt Hansen  CEO of Tesserent  said: “I am thrilled that  through the proposed transaction  Tesserent teams would be joining Thales  a global leader in cybersecurity. Together we will address the growing Cyber needs in our country  including those of the Australian Government and Defence sectors. I am convinced this transaction would represent a great opportunity to further grow Tesserent’s business and its people.”Jeff Connolly  CEO of Thales Australia  said: “With the acquisition of Tesserent and its highly skilled team of cyber experts  and combined with our own system engineering experts  Thales Australia will establish an Australian/New Zealand leader in Cyber Defence able to best protect the country and its national infrastructure from cyber threats.The Tesserent team will have access to global expertise and a strong balance sheet to provide local Australian and New Zealand businesses both a sophisticated and wide cybersecurity offering in a fragmented market.After the acquisition of S21sec  Excellium and OneWelcome in Europe in 2022  we continue to accelerate our global cybersecurity strategy and consolidate our leadership in cybersecurity  both for critical infrastructure as well as multinational companies.”Recommended by all members of the Tesserent Board2  the implementation of the Scheme is subject to Tesserent shareholders’ and court approval. In addition  the transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. It is expected to be completed during the second half of 2023.More details on the proposed transaction  including key terms of the Scheme Implementation Deed and indicative timetable  can be found here: https://investors.tesserent.com/site/investor-information/investor-welcomeAbout Thales Thales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies within three domains: Defense & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Digital Identity & Security. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive. The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key areas such as quantum technologies  Edge computing  6G and cybersecurity. Thales has 77 0003 employees in 68 countries. In 2022  the Group generated sales of €17.6 billion. Thales in Cybersecurity With more than €1.5bn in sales generated in 2022 through an extensive cyber portfolio  Thales counts over 4 000 cybersecurity experts in over 20 countries  including 9 Security Operation Centers globally. It serves cybersecurity customers in more than 50 countries. Thales in Australia Thales has a long-standing corporate presence in Australia with 3 800 employees working across 35 sites for a range of government departments and corporate clients. Thales Australia has a history of patient investment to build advanced in-country capability across manufacturing  critical systems and services. Close collaborative relationships with local customers  Australian SME suppliers and research institutions combined with technology transfer from our global business enables Thales to tailor high quality solutions for Australian and export markets  generating revenue of $1.6 billion in exports over the past 10 years.1Implied equity value based on the consideration of A$0.13 per Tesserent share multiplied by current shares on issue of 1 354 182 116 shares.2 Each member of the Tesserent Board recommends that Tesserent shareholders vote in favour of the Scheme at the Scheme meeting in the absence of a Superior Proposal and subject to the Independent Expert concluding (and continuing to conclude) that the Scheme is in the best interests of Tesserent shareholders.3 Excluding Transport business  which is being divestedView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230612474898/en/,neutral,0.28,0.72,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['global cybersecurity leadership', 'Thales', 'Tesserent', 'transaction', 'local customers, Australian SME suppliers', 'other customary closing conditions', 'CipherTrust Data Security Platform', 'SafeNet Trusted Access Identity', 'binding Scheme Implementation Deed', 'Close collaborative relationships', 'cyber value chain', 'comprehensive threat detection', 'growing Cyber needs', 'extensive cyber portfolio', 'standing corporate presence', '9 Security Operation Centers', 'broader cloud protection', 'system engineering experts', 'Cybels solutions portfolio', 'high quality solutions', 'strong balance sheet', 'lead Cybersecurity offering', 'wide cybersecurity offering', 'cyber solutions operations', 'Australian/New Zealand leader', 'New Zealand businesses', 'Sovereign protection products', 'global cybersecurity strategy', 'Global security products', 'critical information systems', 'The Tesserent team', 'The Tesserent business', 'global Thales business', 'local Australian', 'cybersecurity customers', 'cyber experts', 'critical systems', 'visual identity', 'Digital Identity', 'global leader', 'global business', 'cyberattack detection', 'Australian Government', 'skilled team', 'Cyber Defence', 'cyber threats', 'corporate clients', 'Thales customers', 'global expertise', 'Access Management', 'critical infrastructure', '4,000 cybersecurity experts', 'The Group', 'cybersecurity products', 'Euronext Paris', 'ordinary share', 'experienced provider', 'risk assessment', 'three families', 'service solution', 'licensing offerings', 'complete suite', 'Kurt Hansen', 'Defence sectors', 'great opportunity', 'Jeff Connolly', 'national infrastructure', 'multinational companies', 'court approval', 'regulatory approvals', 'second half', 'More details', 'key terms', 'indicative timetable', 'three domains', 'key areas', 'quantum technologies', 'Edge computing', 'government departments', 'patient investment', 'technology transfer', 'export markets', 'past 10 years', 'Tesserent Limited', 'Tesserent teams', 'Tesserent Board', 'double-digit growth', 'response capabilities', 'fragmented market', 'advanced technologies', 'research institutions', 'cybersecurity services', 'country capability', 'Thales Australia', 'Thales Thales', 'ASX', 'TNT', 'HO', 'SID', 'shares', 'way', 'equity', 'combination', 'tagline', 'scale', 'level', 'sales', 'encryptors', 'sensors', 'training', 'simulation', 'CEO', 'transaction', 'people', 'acquisition', 'sophisticated', 'S21sec', 'Excellium', 'OneWelcome', 'Europe', 'leadership', 'members', 'addition', 'investors', 'Defense', 'Aeronautics', 'Space', 'world', 'Development', '6G', '77,0003 employees', '68 countries', '20 countries', '50 countries', 'long', '3,800 employees', '35 sites', 'range', 'history', 'manufacturing', 'revenue', 'exports']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686791/0/en/Eurobio-Scientific-continues-its-international-development-with-the-acquisition-of-DID-in-Italy-Europe-s-third-largest-diagnostics-market.html,Eurobio Scientific continues its international development with the acquisition of DID in Italy  Europe's third largest diagnostics market,Eurobio Scientific continues its international development with the acquisitionof DID in Italy  Europe's third largest diagnostics market  Paris  June...,"French EnglishEurobio Scientific continues its international development with the acquisitionof DID in Italy  Europe's third largest diagnostics marketParis  June 13  2023 – 7:30 amEurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS  PEA-PME eligible)  a leading French group in specialty in vitro medical diagnostics  announces the signing of an agreement to acquire 100% of the capital of Diagnostic International Distribution SPA (""DID"")  a company specializing in the distribution of in vitro diagnostic tests throughout Italy. The acquisition is expected to be finalized within approximately 45 days. In 2022  DID generated €26.8 million in revenue. The acquisition  the financial terms of which are not disclosed  will be paid for in cash.A solid reputation in microbiology tests for medical diagnosisFounded in 1946  DID is based in Milan  Italy  with a staff of 26 employees. The company offers a range of specialized tests and instruments through exclusive distribution agreements. The company became a key player in the field of microbiology for which it provides its customers with a very complete range of solutions including reagents and instruments. Beyond hospitals and private biology laboratories  DID is present in the veterinary  industrial and nutrition markets. More recently  the company has also expanded into local biology (Point Of Care  POC). It is ISO9001 certified.DID currently markets specific products from the Eurobio Scientific group by distributing the EurobioPlex range of PCR tests for infectious diseases.With a population of approximately 60 million inhabitants  Italy represents the third market for in vitro diagnostics in Europe  after Germany and France  for approximately 1.9 billion euros per year made from hospital and private laboratories.An acquisition that is part of the continuity of the group's European developmentThis acquisition allows Eurobio Scientific to pursue its European development strategy. With the advantage of an already long-standing commercial relationship  it opens up the Italian market to Eurobio Scientific  where the group was not directly present.Denis Fortier  Deputy Managing Director of Eurobio Scientific  declares: “Welcome to DID within our Group which will directly be present on one of the largest diagnostics markets in Europe. Our financial position strengthened by the COVID years allows us to achieve this growth in order to strengthen our ability to export our own products. The acquisition of DID therefore contributes to the acceleration of our transformation from a mainly French player to an international player in diagnostics”.For Enrico Maffioli  CEO of DID  “I am proud of DID's merger with Eurobio Scientific because we share a common business model  with exclusive distribution contracts and now proprietary products from the Group's own R&D. The quality of this new product portfolio will allow us to continue our development throughout Italy  at a time when diagnostics is becoming an increasingly important part of our healthcare system”.Next financial meetingsAnnual Shareholders’ meeting: June 13  2023About Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a key player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved from research to manufacturing and commercialization of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and sells instruments and products for research laboratories  including biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Through many partnerships and a strong presence in hospitals  Eurobio Scientific has established its own distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products in the molecular biology field. The Group has approximately 250 employees and four production units based in the Paris region  in Germany  in the Netherlands and in the United States  and several affiliates based in Dorking UK  Sissach Switzerland  Bünde Germany  Antwerp Belgium and Utrecht in The Netherlands.Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholder is the EurobioNext holding company which brings together its two directors  Jean-Michel Carle and Denis Fortier  alongside the ""Pépites et Territoires"" by AXA & NextStage AM investment program  managed by NextStage AM.For more information  please visit: www.eurobio-scientific.comThe company is publicly listed on the Euronext Growth market in ParisEuronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label.Symbol: ALERS - ISIN Code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPAbout DIDDiagnostic International Distribution SpA (DID) is an Italian distributor of medical diagnostic products based in Milan. With more than 70 years of service to the microbiology laboratory  it operates in both clinical and industrial markets  offering high quality solutions. Throughout its long history and thanks to its reputation for excellence  DID has always supported the solid growth of the Italian medical and industrial markets.DID adheres to the highest standards (ISO9001) in all its operations  and focuses on the breadth and depth of its product ranges to serve its customers  supported by talented staff and open and transparent business practices. The company offers a wide choice of innovative  high quality  technology-intensive products from leading international suppliers.DID has always paid great attention to customer service  offering scientific support  technical assistance  optimised delivery times and customer response  as well as commercial assistance  with continuous monitoring of its quality of service.For more information  visit: www.did.itAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['third largest diagnostics market', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'international development', 'acquisition', 'DID', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'Euronext European Rising Tech label', 'DID Diagnostic International Distribution SpA', 'Euronext Growth BPI Innovation', 'NextStage AM investment program', 'third largest diagnostics market', 'Euronext Growth market', 'exclusive distribution agreements', 'standing commercial relationship', 'Deputy Managing Director', 'common business model', 'exclusive distribution contracts', 'Annual Shareholders’ meeting', 'four production units', 'Next Biotech indices', 'European development strategy', 'Next financial meetings', 'vitro diagnostic tests', 'largest diagnostics markets', 'new product portfolio', 'medical diagnostic products', 'Bünde Germany', 'private biology laboratories', 'molecular biology field', 'EurobioNext holding company', 'vitro medical diagnostics', 'leading French group', 'high quality solutions', 'Eurobio Scientific group', 'third market', 'international development', 'international player', 'distribution network', 'private laboratories', 'vitro diagnostics', 'Italian market', 'local biology', 'medical diagnosis', 'solid growth', 'Italian medical', 'French English', 'financial terms', 'financial position', 'French player', 'nutrition markets', 'specialized tests', 'PCR tests', 'key player', 'infectious diseases', '60 million inhabitants', '1.9 billion euros', 'Denis Fortier', 'Enrico Maffioli', 'R&D', 'healthcare system', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'many partnerships', 'strong presence', 'United States', 'several affiliates', 'Dorking UK', 'Sissach Switzerland', 'reference shareholder', 'two directors', 'Jean-Michel Carle', 'Pépites', 'ISIN Code', 'Italian distributor', 'highest standards', 'industrial markets', 'microbiology tests', 'research laboratories', 'specific products', 'proprietary products', 'The Group', 'complete range', 'EurobioPlex range', 'microbiology laboratory', 'solid reputation', 'COVID years', 'important part', 'The Netherlands', 'long history', 'Paris region', '70 years', 'acquisition', 'Italy', 'June', 'ALERS', 'PEA-PME', 'specialty', 'signing', 'capital', '45 days', 'revenue', 'cash', 'Milan', 'staff', '26 employees', 'instruments', 'customers', 'reagents', 'hospitals', 'Point', 'POC', 'population', 'France', 'continuity', 'advantage', 'order', 'ability', 'acceleration', 'transformation', 'CEO', 'merger', 'time', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'fields', 'immunology', 'biotechnology', '250 employees', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Utrecht', 'Territoires', 'AXA', 'information', 'Symbol', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'service', 'clinical', 'excellence', 'operations', '7:30']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROBIO-SCIENTIFIC-37705718/news/Eurobio-Scientific-continues-its-international-development-with-the-acquisition-of-DID-in-Italy-Eur-44096570/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Eurobio Scientific continues its international development with the acquisition of DID in Italy  Europe's third largest diagnostics market,(marketscreener.com) Eurobio Scientific continues its international development with the acquisitionof DID in Italy  Europe's third largest diagnostics market Paris  June 13  2023 – 7:30 am Eurobio Scientific   a leading French group in specialty in vitro med…,"Eurobio Scientific continues its international development with the acquisitionof DID in Italy  Europe's third largest diagnostics marketParis  June 13  2023 – 7:30 amEurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS  PEA-PME eligible)  a leading French group in specialty in vitro medical diagnostics  announces the signing of an agreement to acquire 100% of the capital of Diagnostic International Distribution SPA (""DID"")  a company specializing in the distribution of in vitro diagnostic tests throughout Italy. The acquisition is expected to be finalized within approximately 45 days. In 2022  DID generated €26.8 million in revenue. The acquisition  the financial terms of which are not disclosed  will be paid for in cash.A solid reputation in microbiology tests for medical diagnosisFounded in 1946  DID is based in Milan  Italy  with a staff of 26 employees. The company offers a range of specialized tests and instruments through exclusive distribution agreements. The company became a key player in the field of microbiology for which it provides its customers with a very complete range of solutions including reagents and instruments. Beyond hospitals and private biology laboratories  DID is present in the veterinary  industrial and nutrition markets. More recently  the company has also expanded into local biology (Point Of Care  POC). It is ISO9001 certified.DID currently markets specific products from the Eurobio Scientific group by distributing the EurobioPlex range of PCR tests for infectious diseases.With a population of approximately 60 million inhabitants  Italy represents the third market for in vitro diagnostics in Europe  after Germany and France  for approximately 1.9 billion euros per year made from hospital and private laboratories.An acquisition that is part of the continuity of the group's European developmentThis acquisition allows Eurobio Scientific to pursue its European development strategy. With the advantage of an already long-standing commercial relationship  it opens up the Italian market to Eurobio Scientific  where the group was not directly present.Denis Fortier  Deputy Managing Director of Eurobio Scientific  declares: “Welcome to DID within our Group which will directly be present on one of the largest diagnostics markets in Europe. Our financial position strengthened by the COVID years allows us to achieve this growth in order to strengthen our ability to export our own products. The acquisition of DID therefore contributes to the acceleration of our transformation from a mainly French player to an international player in diagnostics”.For Enrico Maffioli  CEO of DID  “I am proud of DID's merger with Eurobio Scientific because we share a common business model  with exclusive distribution contracts and now proprietary products from the Group's own R&D. The quality of this new product portfolio will allow us to continue our development throughout Italy  at a time when diagnostics is becoming an increasingly important part of our healthcare system”.Next financial meetingsAnnual Shareholders’ meeting: June 13  2023About Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a key player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved from research to manufacturing and commercialization of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and sells instruments and products for research laboratories  including biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Through many partnerships and a strong presence in hospitals  Eurobio Scientific has established its own distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products in the molecular biology field. The Group has approximately 250 employees and four production units based in the Paris region  in Germany  in the Netherlands and in the United States  and several affiliates based in Dorking UK  Sissach Switzerland  Bünde Germany  Antwerp Belgium and Utrecht in The Netherlands.Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholder is the EurobioNext holding company which brings together its two directors  Jean-Michel Carle and Denis Fortier  alongside the ""Pépites et Territoires"" by AXA & NextStage AM investment program  managed by NextStage AM.For more information  please visit: www.eurobio-scientific.comThe company is publicly listed on the Euronext Growth market in ParisEuronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label.Symbol: ALERS - ISIN Code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPAbout DIDDiagnostic International Distribution SpA (DID) is an Italian distributor of medical diagnostic products based in Milan. With more than 70 years of service to the microbiology laboratory  it operates in both clinical and industrial markets  offering high quality solutions. Throughout its long history and thanks to its reputation for excellence  DID has always supported the solid growth of the Italian medical and industrial markets.DID adheres to the highest standards (ISO9001) in all its operations  and focuses on the breadth and depth of its product ranges to serve its customers  supported by talented staff and open and transparent business practices. The company offers a wide choice of innovative  high quality  technology-intensive products from leading international suppliers.DID has always paid great attention to customer service  offering scientific support  technical assistance  optimised delivery times and customer response  as well as commercial assistance  with continuous monitoring of its quality of service.For more information  visit: www.did.itAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['third largest diagnostics market', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'international development', 'acquisition', 'DID', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'Euronext European Rising Tech label', 'DID Diagnostic International Distribution SpA', 'Euronext Growth BPI Innovation', 'NextStage AM investment program', 'third largest diagnostics market', 'Euronext Growth market', 'exclusive distribution agreements', 'standing commercial relationship', 'Deputy Managing Director', 'common business model', 'exclusive distribution contracts', 'Annual Shareholders’ meeting', 'four production units', 'Next Biotech indices', 'European development strategy', 'Next financial meetings', 'vitro diagnostic tests', 'largest diagnostics markets', 'new product portfolio', 'medical diagnostic products', 'Bünde Germany', 'private biology laboratories', 'molecular biology field', 'EurobioNext holding company', 'vitro medical diagnostics', 'leading French group', 'high quality solutions', 'Eurobio Scientific group', 'third market', 'international development', 'international player', 'distribution network', 'private laboratories', 'vitro diagnostics', 'Italian market', 'local biology', 'medical diagnosis', 'French player', 'solid growth', 'Italian medical', 'financial terms', 'financial position', 'nutrition markets', 'specialized tests', 'PCR tests', 'key player', 'infectious diseases', '60 million inhabitants', '1.9 billion euros', 'Denis Fortier', 'Enrico Maffioli', 'R&D', 'healthcare system', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'many partnerships', 'strong presence', 'United States', 'several affiliates', 'Dorking UK', 'Sissach Switzerland', 'reference shareholder', 'two directors', 'Jean-Michel Carle', 'Pépites', 'ISIN Code', 'Italian distributor', 'highest standards', 'industrial markets', 'microbiology tests', 'research laboratories', 'specific products', 'proprietary products', 'The Group', 'complete range', 'EurobioPlex range', 'microbiology laboratory', 'solid reputation', 'COVID years', 'important part', 'The Netherlands', 'long history', 'Paris region', '70 years', 'acquisition', 'Italy', 'June', 'ALERS', 'PEA-PME', 'specialty', 'signing', 'capital', '45 days', 'revenue', 'cash', 'Milan', 'staff', '26 employees', 'instruments', 'customers', 'reagents', 'hospitals', 'Point', 'POC', 'population', 'France', 'continuity', 'advantage', 'order', 'ability', 'acceleration', 'transformation', 'CEO', 'merger', 'time', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'fields', 'immunology', 'biotechnology', '250 employees', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Utrecht', 'Territoires', 'AXA', 'information', 'Symbol', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'service', 'clinical', 'excellence', 'operations', 'bre', '7:30']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GREAT-WESTERN-MINING-CORP-8748209/news/Great-Western-Mining-Result-of-AGM-44100470/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Great Western Mining : Result of AGM,(marketscreener.com)   GREAT WESTERN MINING CORPORATION PLC    Result of Annual General Meeting   Great Western Mining Corporation PLC which is exploring and developing early-stage gold  silver and copper targets in Nevada  announces that at its Annua…,"A vote withheld is not a vote in law and is not counted in the calculation of the proportion of votes ""For"" or ""Against"" a resolution.There were five resolutions of which four were passed as Ordinary Resolutions and one as a Special resolution. Voting on all resolutions at the Annual General Meeting was conducted by poll and the results are as follows:Great Western Mining Corporation PLC (AIM - GWMO  Euronext Growth - 8GW) which is exploring and developing early-stage gold  silver and copper targets in Nevada  announces that at its Annual General Meeting held today  all resolutions were duly passed.For further information: Great Western Mining Corporation PLC Brian Hall  Chairman +44 207 933 8780 Max Williams  Finance Director +44 207 933 8780 Davy (NOMAD  Euronext Growth Listing Sponsor & Joint Broker) +353 1 679 6363 Brian Garrahy SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (Joint Broker) Ewan Leggat/Harry Davies-Ball +44 203 470 0470 Walbrook PR (PR advisers) Nick Rome +44 207 933 8783Notes to EditorsThe Company has a large tract of acreage in Mineral County  Nevada. The area consists of rugged  mountainous terrain  which means that large parts of it remain under-explored. Mineral potential is hosted by the regional Walker Lane Structural Belt  the largest structural and metallogenic belt in Nevada  yet one of the least explored in recent times  with gold  silver and copper currently produced in Mineral County. Great Western has seven distinct concession areas which offer the potential for exploiting (1) short term gold and silver deposits and (2) long-term world-class copper deposits.Six of the Company's properties are in the west of Mineral County and are 100% owned and operated. The Company has an option to acquire a seventh property  the Olympic Gold Project  in the east of the county. Great Western's small exploration team is supported by locally based consultants and contractors.The state of Nevada is generally considered to be one of the world's most mining friendly jurisdictions. While tightly regulated and environmentally conscious  Nevada welcomes the mining industry. Great Western takes care to ensure that its claims are maintained in good standing and all regulations observed.There are numerous gold and silver prospects on the Company's acreage  including extensive historic mine workings which offer the opportunity for secondary recovery. The Company is party to a 50-50 joint venture known as Western Milling LLC which is constructing a mill to process pre-mined material for secondary recovery of gold and silver.Furthermore  through extensive drilling over a five-year period  GWM has established a Mineral Resource on its first target area known as M2  of 4.3 million tonnes at 0.45% copper  for 19 000 tonnes of contained copper metal. This resource has been independently reported in accordance with JORC guidelines.GWM has established an Inferred Resource Estimate of 31 000 tonnes grading 1.6 g/t gold and 3.0 g/t silver in tailings for the OMCO Mine at the Olympic Gold Project. It has also established Exploration targets. In addition  the Company has reported an Exploration Target as follows:",neutral,0.38,0.61,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.23,0.17,True,English,"['Great Western Mining', 'AGM', 'Brian Garrahy SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP', 'Great Western Mining Corporation PLC Brian Hall', 'regional Walker Lane Structural Belt', 'seven distinct concession areas', 'Euronext Growth Listing Sponsor', 'extensive historic mine workings', 'mining friendly jurisdictions', 'Western Milling LLC', 'Annual General Meeting', 'small exploration team', '50-50 joint venture', 'Inferred Resource Estimate', 'Olympic Gold Project', 'first target area', 'Finance Director', 'mining industry', 'largest structural', 'metallogenic belt', 'extensive drilling', 'OMCO Mine', 'Exploration Target', 'Joint Broker', 'Max Williams', 'Ewan Leggat', 'Harry Davies-Ball', 'Walbrook PR', 'PR advisers', 'Nick Rome', 'large tract', 'mountainous terrain', 'large parts', 'recent times', 'seventh property', 'good standing', 'secondary recovery', 'five-year period', 'Mineral Resource', 'JORC guidelines', 'numerous gold', 'Mineral County', 'five resolutions', 'Ordinary Resolutions', 'Special resolution', 'copper targets', 'Mineral potential', 'copper metal', 'silver deposits', 'silver prospects', '4.3 million tonnes', 'The Company', '0.45% copper', '19,000 tonnes', '31,000 tonnes', 'vote', 'law', 'calculation', 'proportion', 'Voting', 'poll', 'results', 'AIM', 'GWMO', '8GW', 'Nevada', 'information', 'Chairman', 'Davy', 'NOMAD', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'acreage', 'properties', 'option', 'east', 'locally', 'consultants', 'contractors', 'state', 'world', 'care', 'regulations', 'opportunity', 'mined', 'material', 'accordance', '1.6 g/t', 'tailings', 'addition']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYLORIS-PHARMACEUTICALS-S-109048390/news/Hyloris-shareholders-approve-all-resolutions-at-the-Annual-General-Meeting-44103031/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Hyloris shareholders approve all resolutions at the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) 56 22% of shares represented physically  virtually or by proxy voteAll documents related to the 2023 AGM are available on the Hyloris website Regulated Information – Inside Information - Liège  Belgium – 13 June 2023 – 6PM CET - Hyloris P…,"56 22% of shares represented physically  virtually or by proxy voteAll documents related to the 2023 AGM are available on the Hyloris websiteRegulated Information – Inside Information - Liège  Belgium – 13 June 2023 – 6PM CET - Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces the approval of all resolutions proposed at its Annual General Meeting (AGM) held at its headquarters in Liège  Belgium on 13 June 2023.The present or represented shareholders represented 56 22% of the company shares at the AGM. The meeting was attended by shareholders both physically and virtually.About Hyloris PharmaceuticalsHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimizing existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development.Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialization with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit www.hyloris.com and follow-us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hyloris shareholders', 'resolutions', '3 high barrier generic products', 'opioid post-operative pain treatment', 'unmet medical needs', 'broad, patented portfolio', 'core strategic focus', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'important healthcare needs', '505(b)2 regulatory pathway', '505(b)(2) regulatory pathway', 'Annual General Meeting', 'specialty biopharma company', 'future financial performance', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Two products', 'healthcare professionals', 'future events', 'proxy vote', 'Liège', '6PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'relevant improvements', 'value-added medicines', 'significant advantages', 'available alternatives', 'initial phases', 'Sotalol IV', 'atrial fibrillation', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'clinical burden', 'Sven Watthy', 'Investor Relations', 'Communications manager', 'Sven.watthy', 'lower risk', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'development timelines', 'The Company', 'looking statements', 'Jean-Luc Vandebroek', 'unknown risks', 'Hyloris website', 'Regulated Information', 'development strategy', 'product approval', 'company shares', 'documents', '2023 AGM', 'Belgium', '13 June', 'resolutions', 'headquarters', 'present', 'shareholders', 'patients', 'payors', '16 reformulated', 'potential', 'commercialization', 'partners', 'FDA', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'molecule', 'market', 'costs', 'LinkedIn', 'CEO', 'vanrompay', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'investment', 'words', 'plans', 'project', 'target', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'levels', 'activity', 'achievements', 'industry', 'obligation', 'law', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROODMICROTEC-N-V-6435/news/ROODMICROTEC-AND-MICROTEST-AGREE-ON-RECOMMENDED-ALL-CASH-PUBLIC-OFFER-OF-EUR-0-35-PER-SHARE-44096729/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,ROODMICROTEC AND MICROTEST AGREE ON RECOMMENDED ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER OF EUR 0.35 PER SHARE,(marketscreener.com) This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. and Microtest S.p.a.   an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon   pursuant to the prov…,"ROODMICROTEC AND MICROTEST AGREE ON RECOMMENDED ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER OF EUR 0.35 PER SHARE 06/13/2023 | 02:02am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (""RoodMicrotec"" and  together with its subsidiaries  the ""RoodMicrotec Group"") and Microtest S.p.a. (""Microtest"")  an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon (as defined below)  pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 Paragraphs 1 and 3  Section 5 Paragraph 1 and Section 7 Paragraph 4 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft  the ""Decree"") in connection with the intended recommended public offer by Microtest for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec (the ""Offer""  and together with the Post-Closing Restructuring (as defined below)  the ""Transaction""). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. Any offer will be made only by means of an offer memorandum (the ""Offer Memorandum"") approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the ""AFM""). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States  Canada and Japan or in any other jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful. ROODMICROTEC AND MICROTEST AGREE ON RECOMMENDED ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER OF EUR 0.35 PER SHARE Deventer  the Netherlands  13 June 2023  RoodMicrotec and Microtest  a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services  are pleased to announce that a conditional agreement (the ""Merger Agreement"") has been reached on a recommended public offer to be made by Microtest for all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec (each a ""Share"") for EUR 0.35 in cash per Share (cum dividend) (the ""Offer Price"").Transaction highlights RoodMicrotec and Microtest have reached conditional agreement on a recommended all-cash public offer by Microtest for all issued and outstanding Shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec at an offer price of EUR 0.35 (cum dividend) per Share in cash.The Offer Price represents a premium of approximately 35.7% to RoodMicrotec's closing price on 12 June 2023 of EUR 0.258 per Share  and a premium of approximately 49.5%  54.9% and 61.0% respectively over the volume-weighted average price per Share over the last three  six and twelve calendar months  respectively.The Offer for 100% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all of the 7 485 000 outstanding warrants issued by RoodMicrotec (the "" Warrants "") are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer) amounts to EUR 28.9 million."") are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer) amounts to EUR 28.9 million. The Transaction is the culmination of an extensive strategic review conducted by RoodMicrotec's board of management (the "" Board of Management "") and supervisory board (the "" Supervisory Board ""  and together with the Board of Management  the "" RoodMicrotec Boards "") and creates a stronger European player in the fast-growing semiconductor market."") and supervisory board (the "" ""  and together with the Board of Management  the "" "") and creates a stronger European player in the fast-growing semiconductor market. The RoodMicrotec Boards unanimously and fully support the Transaction and recommend the Offer for acceptance to the shareholders of RoodMicrotec.The Offer is also supported by the members of the Board of Management (in their capacity as shareholders) and several of RoodMicrotec’s large shareholders and Warrant holders  representing approximately 24.8% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer). Each of these individuals has irrevocably committed to support the Offer and tender all Shares held by it (immediately prior to closing of the Offer) in the Offer.Microtest has committed financing in place for the entire Transaction providing certainty of funds and high deal certainty.A first draft of the Offer Memorandum is expected to be submitted to the AFM in July 2023.The Offer is subject to certain customary conditions and is expected to complete in Q4 2023. Ruud van der Linden  chairman of the Supervisory Board of RoodMicrotec: “The Supervisory Board of RoodMicrotec unanimously supports the transaction and is delighted with the announcement today of the merger of RoodMicrotec with the Italian company Microtest. We strongly believe that the merger is a win-win for all the stakeholders of both RoodMicrotec and Microtest. This transaction is fully in line with the strategy we pursued with RoodMicrotec for the last couple of years  to aim for autonomous growth while at the same time explore the semiconductor industry market and look for a significant larger ecosystem to join  supporting the future growth of RoodMicrotec. We believe that we have found that ecosystem in a merger with Microtest  an entity that is backboned by Xenon with the strategy to invest in growth of such a larger ecosystem.” Martin Sallenhag  CEO of RoodMicrotec: “RoodMicrotec has achieved a lot during the last years where we have added new customers  extended engagements with present customers  increased revenue and cleared up the balance sheet. We are now very well positioned for the next step in building a larger and more efficient company. To be able to do this there is a need to be part of a bigger entity to make use of economies of scale as well as a better position towards customers and suppliers. The merger with Microtest and the expansion plan provided by Xenon will put the new entity in a very strong position to be a major player in the growing market in Europe. We are thrilled to be able to join on this journey towards something better for the future.” Franco Prestigiacomo  Chairman of Microtest and CEO of Xenon: “Together with Microtest's CEOs  Giuseppe Amelio and Moreno Lupi  we are committed to setting a clear path for our internationalisation strategy  which is only just beginning. With RoodMicrotec  we are adding a key piece to our growth strategy  not only in terms of revenue  but also in terms of scale. We want to drive synergies to create an integrated European group specialised in manufacturing ATE  OSAT and fabless microchips. Our objective is to maintain the current RoodMicrotec corporate structure and to better integrate the technologies of both companies in order to ensure even better performance for our customers  which I expect will increase significantly after the closing of this transaction.” Strategic rationale The Transaction is the culmination of an extensive strategic review conducted by the RoodMicrotec Boards in the last couple of years  which concluded that RoodMicrotec’ growth potential is hampered by the relatively extensive costs and other non-business-related requirements of operating in a public environment as a listed entity. Also  the current size of RoodMicrotec does not allow substantial investments and capital expenditure in pursuit of strong growth  without obtaining considerable financial obligations. Becoming part of a larger ecosystem will give RoodMicrotec more ‘firepower’ to realise targeted growth and create a higher shareholder value. Microtest is a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services. It is an entity controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon Private Equity VII SCA SICAV RAIF (“Xenon”)  which is managed by Xenon AIFM S.A  a leading mid-cap private equity fund with 33+ years of experience and 175+ investments. RoodMicrotec believes the sustainable and long-term success of RoodMicrotec can be enhanced under Microtest’s ownership as it will be part of a larger ecosystem in the semiconductor industry. Moreover  having a single shareholder and operating without a public listing will increase RoodMicrotec Group's ability to achieve the goals and implement the actions of its strategy. With Microtest and Xenon  RoodMicrotec will have a financially sound owner  with a strong track record in supporting entrepreneurial businesses and a wealth of experience in the semiconductor industry. Microtest fully supports RoodMicrotec’s growth strategy maintaining the focus on RoodMicrotec’s chosen technologies and services. Furthermore  the aggregation of Microtest and RoodMicrotec will allow the companies to better serve their customers’ increasingly sophisticated needs and to be in a better position to deal with the complex and growing semiconductor market. Full and unanimous support and recommendation by the RoodMicrotec Boards Consistent with their fiduciary responsibilities  the RoodMicrotec Boards have followed a thorough and careful process in which they have frequently monitored and discussed the developments. Consistent with their fiduciary responsibilities  the RoodMicrotec Boards  with the support of their outside financial and legal advisors  have given careful consideration to all relevant aspects of the Transaction  including the rationale for the Transaction  the interests of all of RoodMicrotec's stakeholders  the Offer Price  the Non-Financial Covenants (as defined below) and other terms of the Transaction. After due and careful consideration  the Boards consider the Transaction to be in the interest of RoodMicrotec and to promote the sustainable success of its business  taking into account the interests of its stakeholders. Accordingly  the Boards have unanimously resolved to support the Transaction  recommend the Offer for acceptance by the holders of Shares and recommend to RoodMicrotec's shareholders to vote in favour of the resolutions relating to the Transaction (the ""Resolutions"") at an extraordinary general meeting of RoodMicrotec's shareholders (the ""General Meeting"")  to be held during the acceptance period of the Offer (the ""EGM"")  each in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement (the ""Recommendation""). The Recommendation will be included in the position statement of RoodMicrotec which will be published simultaneously with the publication of the Offer Memorandum. Fairness Opinion AXECO Corporate Finance has issued a fairness opinion to the RoodMicrotec Boards to the effect that  as of such date and subject to the qualifications  limitations  and assumptions set forth in the fairness opinion  (i) the Offer Price in the Offer is fair  from a financial point of view  to the holders of the Shares  and (ii) the purchase price payable in the Share Sale (as defined below) is fair  from a financial point of view  to Company Holdco (as defined below). The full text of the fairness opinion  which sets forth the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion  will be included in RoodMicrotec's position statement. The opinion of AXECO Corporate Finance has been given to the RoodMicrotec Boards  and not to the holders of Shares. As such  the fairness opinion does not contain a recommendation to the holders of Shares as to whether they should tender their Shares under the Offer (if and when made) or how they should vote or act with respect to the Resolutions or any other matter. Irrevocable undertakings The Offer is supported by several of RoodMicrotec's substantial shareholders and warrant holders  together representing approximately 24.8% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer). Each relevant shareholder has irrevocably committed to Microtest to support the Offer and tender all Shares held by it (immediately prior to closing of the Offer) in the Offer. Furthermore  all large holders of Warrants have  subject to the Offer being declared unconditional  irrevocably committed to either (i) assign their Warrants to Microtest or (ii) exercise their Warrants and to tender the Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants. In accordance with the applicable public offer rules  any information shared with these individuals about the Offer shall  if not published prior to the Offer Memorandum being made generally available  be included in the Offer Memorandum in respect of the Offer (if and when issued) and these shareholders will tender their Shares on the same terms and conditions as the other shareholders. Fully committed financing for the Transaction The Offer values RoodMicrotec at approximately EUR 28.9 million (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer). Microtest has available cash resources and equity commitments in place to finance the Offer. In this context  Microtest has received equity commitment letters from entities managed  controlled and/or advised by Xenon  which are fully committed. Microtest has no reason to believe that the required cash resources will not be available or that any conditions to the equity financing will not be fulfilled on or prior to settlement of the Offer. Non-Financial Covenants RoodMicrotec and Microtest have agreed to certain covenants in respect of  amongst others  strategy  structure and governance  financing  employees and minority shareholders for a duration of one year in general after settlement of the Offer (the ""Non-Financial Covenants"")  including the covenants summarised below. Strategy Microtest shall support and respect RoodMicrotec's current business strategy as described in RoodMicrotec's annual report for the financial year ending 31 December 2022 (the ""Strategy""). RoodMicrotec shall continue to be a state of the art and one-stop-shop service company for clients in the semiconductor industry  offering supply chain management  wafer & component testing  and qualification & failure analysis for companies in the application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) value chain  a highly valued partner to clients who wish to launch high-quality semiconductor devices globally and recognised player with a strong brand name and market position. Following settlement of the Offer  Microtest shall work with RoodMicrotec to grow the business in a manner that reflects the Strategy and Microtest undertakes to set up a financial framework  including sufficient levels of cash  that supports the realisation of the Strategy. Structure and governance The current governance structure with a two-tier board will be maintained. After successful completion of the Offer  the current members of the Board of Management  Mr. Martin Sallenhag (CEO) and Mr. Arvid Ladega (CFO)  shall continue to serve as members of the Management Board  with Mr. Luca Civita joining the Board of Management as Chief Integration Officer. It is envisaged that  immediately following settlement of the Offer  the Supervisory Board will be composed of: (i) three members nominated by Microtest  Mr. Giuseppe Amelio  Mr. Franco Prestigiacomo and Mr. Stefano Calabrò and (ii) Mr. Ruud van der Linden (chair) and Mr. Marc Verstraeten  both (who will continue to serve on the Supervisory Board as ""Independent SB Members""). The affirmative vote of the two independent Supervisory Board members shall be required in respect of any new Management Board appointments or of replacement of Messrs. Sallenhag  Ladega and Civita. The two Independent SB Members will be tasked in particular with monitoring compliance with the Non-Financial Covenants  and any deviation from the Non-Financial Covenants will require the approval of the Supervisory Board  including the affirmative vote of the two Independent SB Members. Microtest shall not break up the RoodMicrotec Group or its business units  other than by way of a strategic reorganisation or re-grouping of its activities. Microtest does not intend to pursue any divestments (other than the Post-Closing Restructuring). RoodMicrotec or its legal successor  together with their respective subsidiaries  will have their own operating and reporting structure. The management of RoodMicrotec or its legal successor remains responsible for managing the RoodMicrotec Group and its businesses  subject to applicable rules and regulations. RoodMicrotec's Dutch finance function shall be maintained in the Deventer area. The operations in Nördlingen and Stuttgart  Germany  shall be maintained and Microtest is committed to further grow the operations at these locations. The major brand and product names of the RoodMicrotec Group in all relevant markets and the name of RoodMicrotec and the RoodMicrotec Group companies shall remain unchanged. The RoodMicrotec Group shall be allowed to maintain its corporate identity  values and culture. Financing Microtest shall procure that the RoodMicrotec Group will remain prudently capitalised and financed to safeguard the continuity of the business  also taking into account any dividends paid out  and the execution of the Strategy. Employees The existing rights and benefits of the employees of the RoodMicrotec Group will be respected  as will the RoodMicrotec Group's current employee consultation structure and existing arrangements with any employee representative body within the RoodMicrotec Group. No reduction of the workforce of the RoodMicrotec Group is envisaged as a direct consequence of the Transaction or completion thereof. Commencement conditions and Offer conditions Pursuant to the Merger Agreement  the commencement of the Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following commencement conditions  customary for a transaction of this kind: no material breach of the Merger Agreement having occurred that has not been timely remedied;no amendment or withdrawal of the Recommendation having occurred;no material adverse effect having occurred since the date of the Merger Agreement;no Superior Offer (as defined below) having been announced or made;no mandatory offer pursuant to article 5:70 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht; "" DFSA "") for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made;"") for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made; the AFM having approved the Offer Memorandum;no order  stay  judgment or decree having been issued by any regulatory authority that remains in full force and effect  and no regulatory authority has enacted any law  statute  rule  regulation  governmental order or injunction (any of the foregoing  a "" Governmental or Court Order "")  which in each case restraints or prohibits the making of the Offer in any material respect;"")  which in each case restraints or prohibits the making of the Offer in any material respect; no notification having been received from the AFM stating that the Offer has been prepared or announced in violation of the provisions of chapter 5.5 of the DFSA or the Decree and that  pursuant to Section 5:80 paragraph 2 of the DFSA  investment firms will not be allowed to cooperate with the Offer; andtrading in the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam not having been suspended or ended by Euronext Amsterdam. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement  if and when made  the Offer will be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following Offer conditions  customary for a transaction of this kind: minimum acceptance level of at least 95% of RoodMicrotec's issued and outstanding ordinary share capital (geplaatst en uitstaand gewoon aandelenkapitaal) as the closing of the Offer  which percentage will be automatically adjusted to 80% if the General Meeting has adopted the Resolutions relating to the Post-Closing Restructuring and such Resolutions are in full force and effect on the closing date;no material breach of the Merger Agreement having occurred that has not been timely remedied;no amendment or withdrawal of the Recommendation having occurred;no material adverse effect having occurred since the date of the Merger Agreement;no Superior Offer having been announced or made;no mandatory offer pursuant to article 5:70 DFSA for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made;no Governmental or Court Order being in effect that restraints or prohibits the consummation of the Transaction in any material respect;no notification having been received from the AFM stating that the Offer has been prepared  announced or made in violation of the provisions of chapter 5.5 of the DFSA or the Decree and that  pursuant to section 5:80 paragraph 2 of the DFSA  investment firms will not be allowed to cooperate with the Offer;trading in the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam not having been suspended or ended by Euronext Amsterdam; andthe General Meeting having adopted the Resolutions which will be voted on at the EGM and the Resolutions being in full force and effect. The Offer conditions will have to be satisfied or waived ultimately on 30 April 2024. Post-Closing Restructuring Microtest and RoodMicrotec believe that having the RoodMicrotec Group operate in a wholly-owned set up without a listing on Euronext Amsterdam is better for the sustainable success of its business and long-term value creation. This belief is based  inter alia  on: the fact that having a single shareholder and operating without a public listing increases the RoodMicrotec Group's ability to achieve the goals and implement the actions of its strategy and reduces the RoodMicrotec Group's costs;the ability of RoodMicrotec and Microtest to terminate the listing of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  and all resulting cost savings therefrom;the ability to achieve an efficient capital structure (both from a tax and financing perspective);the ability to implement and focus on achieving long-term strategic goals of RoodMicrotec  as opposed to short-term performance driven by periodic reporting obligations; andas part of long-term strategic objectives the ability to focus on pursuing and supporting (by providing access to equity and debt capital) continued buy-and-build acquisition opportunities as and when they arise. Microtest and RoodMicrotec will seek to procure the delisting of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  as soon as practicable after the ending of the post-closing acceptance period of the Offer (the ""Post-Closing Acceptance Period""). If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds at least 95% of the Shares  Microtest will as soon as possible commence a compulsory acquisition procedure or a takeover buy-out procedure to obtain 100% of the Shares. If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds less than 95%  but at least 80% of the Shares  Microtest intends to acquire the entire business of the RoodMicrotec Group for an amount equal to the Offer Price  pursuant to: a legal triangular merger of the RoodMicrotec Group into a newly incorporated wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" Company Sub "")  with a newly incorporated wholly-owned direct subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" Company Holdco ""  the sole shareholder of Company Sub) allotting shares to holders of the Shares in a 1:1 exchange ratio and upon which RoodMicrotec will cease to exist and the Shares' admission to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam will terminate (the "" Triangular Merger "");"")  with a newly incorporated wholly-owned direct subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" ""  the sole shareholder of Company Sub) allotting shares to holders of the Shares in a 1:1 exchange ratio and upon which RoodMicrotec will cease to exist and the Shares' admission to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam will terminate (the "" ""); a subsequent share sale pursuant to which Company Holdco will sell and transfer the outstanding Company Sub share(s) to Microtest (the "" Share Sale ""); and""); and a subsequent dissolution and liquidation of Company Holdco (the ""Liquidation"" and  together with the Triangular Merger and the Share Sale  the ""Post-Closing Restructuring""). Microtest will  with the cooperation of RoodMicrotec  ensure that the liquidator of Company Holdco arranges for an advance liquidation distribution to the shareholders of Company Holdco  which is intended to take place on or about the date of the closing of the Share Sale and will result in a payment per share equal to the Offer Price  without any interest and less applicable withholding taxes or other taxes. The Post-Closing Restructuring is subject to the approval of the General Meeting  which will be sought at the EGM. If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds less than 95% of the Shares  Microtest may effect or cause to effect other restructurings of the RoodMicrotec Group for the purpose of achieving an optimal operational  legal  financial or fiscal structure  all in accordance with applicable laws and the terms of the Merger Agreement. Exclusivity and Superior Offer As part of the Merger Agreement  RoodMicrotec has entered into customary undertakings not to solicit third party offers. If the RoodMicrotec Boards determine that RoodMicrotec has received from a bona fide third party a written and binding unsolicited proposal relating to a public offer for all Shares (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised)  a sale of all or a substantial part of the assets or business of the RoodMicrotec Group or any other transaction that could result in a change of control of RoodMicrotec or all or a substantial part of the RoodMicrotec Group's business or otherwise prevent the Transaction from being consummated  which in the good faith opinion of the RoodMicrotec Boards is on balance more beneficial to the RoodMicrotec Group and the sustainable success of its business than the Transaction and the consideration of which exceeds the Offer Price as included in this press release by at least EUR 0.04 (a ""Superior Offer"")  RoodMicrotec will promptly notify Microtest in writing thereof. In such case  Microtest has the opportunity to match such Superior Offer within ten business days. If Microtest timely submits to RoodMicrotec a revised offer in writing that the RoodMicrotec Boards determine to be  on balance  at least equally beneficial to RoodMicrotec and the sustainable success of is business as the Superior Offer  RoodMicrotec will not accept the Superior Offer and Microtest and RoodMicrotec will remain bound to the Merger Agreement. If Microtest does not timely match the Superior Offer or informs RoodMicrotec that it does not wish to match the Superior Offer  RoodMicrotec will be entitled to (conditionally) agree to the Superior Offer  in which case each of Microtest and RoodMicrotec may terminate the Merger Agreement. Termination If the Merger Agreement is terminated by Microtest because (i) RoodMicrotec has agreed to a Superior Offer or (ii) the Boards have amended or withdrawn their Recommendation  or (iii) RoodMicrotec has materially breached the Merger Agreement and such breach is incapable of being remedied or has not been remedied  RoodMicrotec shall pay Microtest an amount of EUR 600 000. If the Merger Agreement is terminated by RoodMicrotec because (i) Microtest has materially breached the Merger Agreement and such breach is incapable of being remedied or has not been remedied  or (ii) all commencement conditions have been satisfied or waived and Microtest has failed to timely make the Offer or all Offer conditions having been satisfied or waived and the settlement of the Offer not having occurred timely  Microtest shall pay RoodMicrotec an amount of EUR 1 million. These rights to payment are without prejudice to the right of Microtest or RoodMicrotec to demand specific performance of the Merger Agreement. Timing and Next Steps Microtest will launch the Offer as soon as practically possible and in accordance with the applicable statutory timetable  subject to satisfaction or waiver of the pre-offer conditions. Microtest will submit a first draft of the Offer Memorandum to the AFM as soon as practicable. The Offer Memorandum will be published shortly after approval  which is expected to occur in Q3 2023  subject to satisfaction or waiver of the commencement conditions. RoodMicrotec will hold the EGM at least six business days before the Offer period ends  in accordance with section 18  paragraph 1 of the Decree  to inform its shareholders about the Transaction and to adopt the Resolutions (including with respect to the Post-Closing Restructuring). Based on the required steps and subject to the necessary approvals  RoodMicrotec and Microtest anticipate that the Offer will close in Q4 2023. Advisors On behalf of Microtest  Rothschild & Co is acting as sole financial advisor and Linklaters LLP is acting as legal counsel. AXECO Corporate Finance B.V. is acting as RoodMicrotec's sole financial advisor and Bird & Bird (Netherlands) LLP is acting as RoodMicrotec's legal counsel. About RoodMicrotec With more than 50 years of experience in the semiconductor and electronics industry  RoodMicrotec is a leading independent company for semiconductor supply and quality services. RoodMicrotec is a highly valued partner for many companies worldwide and offers specifically tailored turnkey solutions for each single customer's requirements. The turnkey services include project management  wafer test  assembly  final test  qualification  failure analysis  and logistics. All services provided by RoodMicrotec meet the high quality standards of the automotive  industrial  healthcare  and high reliability aerospace sectors. RoodMicrotec is headquartered in Deventer  Netherlands  with operational units in Nördlingen and Stuttgart  Germany. For more information please visit https://www.roodmicrotec.com. About Microtest Microtest is a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services. It is an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S.à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon  a leading mid-cap private equity fund with 33+ years of experience and 175+ investments. The current CEOs  Giuseppe Amelio and Moreno Lupi  have been leading Microtest since its foundation in 1999 in Altopascio (Lucca). Over time  Microtest has become a technological partner of some of the world’s leading microchip manufacturers  skilled in developing innovative solutions  thanks to a solid engineering team and good production flexibility. In 2004  Microtest started the design and production of Automatic Test Equipment (the systems used in the semiconductor industry for electronic components and wafter testing) for several applications such as avionics and cars’ electronic modules  radar and wireless communications for defense and medical devices. Few years later Microtest broadened its scope by offering also “test house” services furthermore enhanced with a direct presence in the Far East following the opening of a subsidiary in Malaysia in 2018. In April 2022  Xenon Private Equity acquired a majority stake in Microtest  spurring its international expansion strategy. Microtest has reached more than 30 million in revenues in 2022  with an Ebitda margin above 38%. Microtest commercial network and customer service is spread over the US  Europe  and Asia. In 2023 Microtest acquired Test Inspire  a highly innovative Dutch company focused on Automatic Testing Equipment. For more information please visit https://www.microtest.net. Disclaimer This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec and Microtest pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 Paragraphs 1 and 3  Section 5 Paragraph 1 and Section 7 Paragraph 4 of the Decree and contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information in this press release is not intended to be complete. This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. The distribution of this press release may  in some countries  be restricted by law or regulation. Accordingly  persons who come into possession of this document should inform themselves of and observe these restrictions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  RoodMicrotec and Microtest disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of any such restrictions by any person. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. Neither RoodMicrotec nor Microtest  nor any of their respective advisors  assumes any responsibility for any violation of any of these restrictions. Any RoodMicrotec shareholder who is in any doubt as to his or her position should consult an appropriate professional advisor without delay. This announcement is not to be published or distributed in or to the United States  Canada or Japan. The information in the press release is not intended to be complete. This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to acquire or dispose of any securities or investment advice or an inducement to enter into investment activity. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire the securities of RoodMicrotec in any jurisdiction. Forward Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may be considered ""forward-looking statements "" such as statements relating to the impact of this Offer on RoodMicrotec and Microtest and the targeted timeline for the Offer. Forward-looking statements include those preceded by  followed by or that include the words ""anticipated "" ""expected"" or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although RoodMicrotec and Microtest believe that the assumptions upon which their respective financial information and their respective forward-looking statements are based are reasonable  they can give no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  receipt of regulatory approvals without unexpected delays or conditions  Microtest's ability to successfully operate RoodMicrotec without disruption to its other business activities  Microtest's ability to achieve the anticipated results from the acquisition of RoodMicrotec  the effects of competition  economic conditions in the global markets in which RoodMicrotec operates  and other factors that can be found in RoodMicrotec's and/or Microtest's press releases and public filings. Neither RoodMicrotec nor Microtest  nor any of their respective advisors  accepts any responsibility for any financial information contained in this press release relating to the business  results of operations or financial condition of the other or their respective groups. Each of RoodMicrotec and Microtest expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Attachment 2023 06 13_Initial Announcement_Public offer for RoodMicrotecAll news about ROODMICROTEC N.V. 06/13 Italy's Microtest to Buy RoodMicrotec for EUR29 Million MT 06/13 Roodmicrotec and microtest agree on recommended all-cash public offer of eur 0.35 per s.. GL 06/13 Roodmicrotec and microtest agree on recommended all-cash public offer of eur 0.35 per s.. AQ 06/07 Roodmicrotec N : Voting Results 2023 PU 06/06 Roodmicrotec N : Presentation AGM 2023 PU 06/06 Roodmicrotec N : Minutes AGM 2023 - EXCERPT PU 06/06 ROODMICROTEC N.V. : Minutes of the general assembly CO 05/11 RoodMicrotec and SGA enter into cooperation for ASIC testing GL 05/11 RoodMicrotec and SGA enter into cooperation for ASIC testing AQ 05/11 RoodMicrotec N.V. and Svenska Grindmatriser AB Enter into Cooperation for ASIC Testing CI",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.18,0.31,True,English,"['ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER', 'MICROTEST AGREE', 'ROODMICROTEC', 'RECOMMENDED', 'EUR', 'SHARE', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Ruud van der Linden', 'Microtest S.p.a.', 'Seven Holding 3 S. à', 'multiple email addresses', 'private equity fund', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'automated test equipment', 'twelve calendar months', 'extensive strategic review', 'growing semiconductor market', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'last three, six', 'volume-weighted average price', 'stronger European player', 'high deal certainty', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'RoodMicrotec N.V.', 'joint press release', 'ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER', 'The Offer Price', 'The RoodMicrotec Boards', 'last couple', 'outstanding Shares', 'Italian law', 'Post-Closing Restructuring', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'testing services', 'conditional agreement', 'Warrant holders', 'first draft', 'customary conditions', 'Italian company', '7,485,000 outstanding warrants', 'Section 4 Paragraphs', 'closing price', 'First name', 'Dutch Decree', 'offer memorandum', 'supervisory board', 'MICROTEST AGREE', 'Merger Agreement', 'large shareholders', 'RoodMicrotec Group', 'Section 5 Paragraph', 'entire Transaction', 'RECOMMENDED', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'subsidiaries', 'entity', 'subsidiary', 'Xenon', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'AFM', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Deventer', 'Netherlands', 'cum', 'premium', '12 June', 'basis', 'culmination', 'management', 'fast', 'acceptance', 'members', 'capacity', 'individuals', 'financing', 'place', 'funds', 'July', 'Q4', 'chairman', 'announcement', 'stakeholders', 'line', 'strategy']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686814/0/en/ROODMICROTEC-AND-MICROTEST-AGREE-ON-RECOMMENDED-ALL-CASH-PUBLIC-OFFER-OF-EUR-0-35-PER-SHARE.html,ROODMICROTEC AND MICROTEST AGREE ON RECOMMENDED ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER OF EUR 0.35 PER SHARE,"This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (""RoodMicrotec"" and  together with its subsidiaries  the ""RoodMicrotec Group"") and Microtest S.p.a. (""Microtest"")  an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly o…","English GermanThis is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (""RoodMicrotec"" and  together with its subsidiaries  the ""RoodMicrotec Group"") and Microtest S.p.a. (""Microtest"")  an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon (as defined below)  pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 Paragraphs 1 and 3  Section 5 Paragraph 1 and Section 7 Paragraph 4 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft  the ""Decree"") in connection with the intended recommended public offer by Microtest for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec (the ""Offer""  and together with the Post-Closing Restructuring (as defined below)  the ""Transaction""). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. Any offer will be made only by means of an offer memorandum (the ""Offer Memorandum"") approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the ""AFM""). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States  Canada and Japan or in any other jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful.ROODMICROTEC AND MICROTEST AGREE ON RECOMMENDED ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER OF EUR 0.35 PER SHAREDeventer  the Netherlands  13 June 2023  RoodMicrotec and Microtest  a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services  are pleased to announce that a conditional agreement (the ""Merger Agreement"") has been reached on a recommended public offer to be made by Microtest for all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec (each a ""Share"") for EUR 0.35 in cash per Share (cum dividend) (the ""Offer Price"").Transaction highlightsRoodMicrotec and Microtest have reached conditional agreement on a recommended all-cash public offer by Microtest for all issued and outstanding Shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec at an offer price of EUR 0.35 (cum dividend) per Share in cash.The Offer Price represents a premium of approximately 35.7% to RoodMicrotec's closing price on 12 June 2023 of EUR 0.258 per Share  and a premium of approximately 49.5%  54.9% and 61.0% respectively over the volume-weighted average price per Share over the last three  six and twelve calendar months  respectively.The Offer for 100% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all of the 7 485 000 outstanding warrants issued by RoodMicrotec (the "" Warrants "") are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer) amounts to EUR 28.9 million."") are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer) amounts to EUR 28.9 million. The Transaction is the culmination of an extensive strategic review conducted by RoodMicrotec's board of management (the "" Board of Management "") and supervisory board (the "" Supervisory Board ""  and together with the Board of Management  the "" RoodMicrotec Boards "") and creates a stronger European player in the fast-growing semiconductor market."") and supervisory board (the "" ""  and together with the Board of Management  the "" "") and creates a stronger European player in the fast-growing semiconductor market. The RoodMicrotec Boards unanimously and fully support the Transaction and recommend the Offer for acceptance to the shareholders of RoodMicrotec.The Offer is also supported by the members of the Board of Management (in their capacity as shareholders) and several of RoodMicrotec’s large shareholders and Warrant holders  representing approximately 24.8% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer). Each of these individuals has irrevocably committed to support the Offer and tender all Shares held by it (immediately prior to closing of the Offer) in the Offer.Microtest has committed financing in place for the entire Transaction providing certainty of funds and high deal certainty.A first draft of the Offer Memorandum is expected to be submitted to the AFM in July 2023.The Offer is subject to certain customary conditions and is expected to complete in Q4 2023.Ruud van der Linden  chairman of the Supervisory Board of RoodMicrotec:“The Supervisory Board of RoodMicrotec unanimously supports the transaction and is delighted with the announcement today of the merger of RoodMicrotec with the Italian company Microtest. We strongly believe that the merger is a win-win for all the stakeholders of both RoodMicrotec and Microtest. This transaction is fully in line with the strategy we pursued with RoodMicrotec for the last couple of years  to aim for autonomous growth while at the same time explore the semiconductor industry market and look for a significant larger ecosystem to join  supporting the future growth of RoodMicrotec. We believe that we have found that ecosystem in a merger with Microtest  an entity that is backboned by Xenon with the strategy to invest in growth of such a larger ecosystem.”Martin Sallenhag  CEO of RoodMicrotec:“RoodMicrotec has achieved a lot during the last years where we have added new customers  extended engagements with present customers  increased revenue and cleared up the balance sheet. We are now very well positioned for the next step in building a larger and more efficient company. To be able to do this there is a need to be part of a bigger entity to make use of economies of scale as well as a better position towards customers and suppliers. The merger with Microtest and the expansion plan provided by Xenon will put the new entity in a very strong position to be a major player in the growing market in Europe. We are thrilled to be able to join on this journey towards something better for the future.”Franco Prestigiacomo  Chairman of Microtest and CEO of Xenon:“Together with Microtest's CEOs  Giuseppe Amelio and Moreno Lupi  we are committed to setting a clear path for our internationalisation strategy  which is only just beginning. With RoodMicrotec  we are adding a key piece to our growth strategy  not only in terms of revenue  but also in terms of scale. We want to drive synergies to create an integrated European group specialised in manufacturing ATE  OSAT and fabless microchips. Our objective is to maintain the current RoodMicrotec corporate structure and to better integrate the technologies of both companies in order to ensure even better performance for our customers  which I expect will increase significantly after the closing of this transaction.”Strategic rationaleThe Transaction is the culmination of an extensive strategic review conducted by the RoodMicrotec Boards in the last couple of years  which concluded that RoodMicrotec’ growth potential is hampered by the relatively extensive costs and other non-business-related requirements of operating in a public environment as a listed entity. Also  the current size of RoodMicrotec does not allow substantial investments and capital expenditure in pursuit of strong growth  without obtaining considerable financial obligations. Becoming part of a larger ecosystem will give RoodMicrotec more ‘firepower’ to realise targeted growth and create a higher shareholder value.Microtest is a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services. It is an entity controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon Private Equity VII SCA SICAV RAIF (“Xenon”)  which is managed by Xenon AIFM S.A  a leading mid-cap private equity fund with 33+ years of experience and 175+ investments.RoodMicrotec believes the sustainable and long-term success of RoodMicrotec can be enhanced under Microtest’s ownership as it will be part of a larger ecosystem in the semiconductor industry. Moreover  having a single shareholder and operating without a public listing will increase RoodMicrotec Group's ability to achieve the goals and implement the actions of its strategy.With Microtest and Xenon  RoodMicrotec will have a financially sound owner  with a strong track record in supporting entrepreneurial businesses and a wealth of experience in the semiconductor industry.Microtest fully supports RoodMicrotec’s growth strategy maintaining the focus on RoodMicrotec’s chosen technologies and services. Furthermore  the aggregation of Microtest and RoodMicrotec will allow the companies to better serve their customers’ increasingly sophisticated needs and to be in a better position to deal with the complex and growing semiconductor market.Full and unanimous support and recommendation by the RoodMicrotec BoardsConsistent with their fiduciary responsibilities  the RoodMicrotec Boards have followed a thorough and careful process in which they have frequently monitored and discussed the developments.Consistent with their fiduciary responsibilities  the RoodMicrotec Boards  with the support of their outside financial and legal advisors  have given careful consideration to all relevant aspects of the Transaction  including the rationale for the Transaction  the interests of all of RoodMicrotec's stakeholders  the Offer Price  the Non-Financial Covenants (as defined below) and other terms of the Transaction. After due and careful consideration  the Boards consider the Transaction to be in the interest of RoodMicrotec and to promote the sustainable success of its business  taking into account the interests of its stakeholders.Accordingly  the Boards have unanimously resolved to support the Transaction  recommend the Offer for acceptance by the holders of Shares and recommend to RoodMicrotec's shareholders to vote in favour of the resolutions relating to the Transaction (the ""Resolutions"") at an extraordinary general meeting of RoodMicrotec's shareholders (the ""General Meeting"")  to be held during the acceptance period of the Offer (the ""EGM"")  each in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement (the ""Recommendation""). The Recommendation will be included in the position statement of RoodMicrotec which will be published simultaneously with the publication of the Offer Memorandum.Fairness OpinionAXECO Corporate Finance has issued a fairness opinion to the RoodMicrotec Boards to the effect that  as of such date and subject to the qualifications  limitations  and assumptions set forth in the fairness opinion  (i) the Offer Price in the Offer is fair  from a financial point of view  to the holders of the Shares  and (ii) the purchase price payable in the Share Sale (as defined below) is fair  from a financial point of view  to Company Holdco (as defined below). The full text of the fairness opinion  which sets forth the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion  will be included in RoodMicrotec's position statement. The opinion of AXECO Corporate Finance has been given to the RoodMicrotec Boards  and not to the holders of Shares. As such  the fairness opinion does not contain a recommendation to the holders of Shares as to whether they should tender their Shares under the Offer (if and when made) or how they should vote or act with respect to the Resolutions or any other matter.Irrevocable undertakingsThe Offer is supported by several of RoodMicrotec's substantial shareholders and warrant holders  together representing approximately 24.8% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer).Each relevant shareholder has irrevocably committed to Microtest to support the Offer and tender all Shares held by it (immediately prior to closing of the Offer) in the Offer.Furthermore  all large holders of Warrants have  subject to the Offer being declared unconditional  irrevocably committed to either (i) assign their Warrants to Microtest or (ii) exercise their Warrants and to tender the Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants.In accordance with the applicable public offer rules  any information shared with these individuals about the Offer shall  if not published prior to the Offer Memorandum being made generally available  be included in the Offer Memorandum in respect of the Offer (if and when issued) and these shareholders will tender their Shares on the same terms and conditions as the other shareholders.Fully committed financing for the TransactionThe Offer values RoodMicrotec at approximately EUR 28.9 million (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer). Microtest has available cash resources and equity commitments in place to finance the Offer. In this context  Microtest has received equity commitment letters from entities managed  controlled and/or advised by Xenon  which are fully committed. Microtest has no reason to believe that the required cash resources will not be available or that any conditions to the equity financing will not be fulfilled on or prior to settlement of the Offer.Non-Financial CovenantsRoodMicrotec and Microtest have agreed to certain covenants in respect of  amongst others  strategy  structure and governance  financing  employees and minority shareholders for a duration of one year in general after settlement of the Offer (the ""Non-Financial Covenants"")  including the covenants summarised below.StrategyMicrotest shall support and respect RoodMicrotec's current business strategy as described in RoodMicrotec's annual report for the financial year ending 31 December 2022 (the ""Strategy""). RoodMicrotec shall continue to be a state of the art and one-stop-shop service company for clients in the semiconductor industry  offering supply chain management  wafer & component testing  and qualification & failure analysis for companies in the application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) value chain  a highly valued partner to clients who wish to launch high-quality semiconductor devices globally and recognised player with a strong brand name and market position. Following settlement of the Offer  Microtest shall work with RoodMicrotec to grow the business in a manner that reflects the Strategy and Microtest undertakes to set up a financial framework  including sufficient levels of cash  that supports the realisation of the Strategy.Structure and governanceThe current governance structure with a two-tier board will be maintained. After successful completion of the Offer  the current members of the Board of Management  Mr. Martin Sallenhag (CEO) and Mr. Arvid Ladega (CFO)  shall continue to serve as members of the Management Board  with Mr. Luca Civita joining the Board of Management as Chief Integration Officer.It is envisaged that  immediately following settlement of the Offer  the Supervisory Board will be composed of: (i) three members nominated by Microtest  Mr. Giuseppe Amelio  Mr. Franco Prestigiacomo and Mr. Stefano Calabrò and (ii) Mr. Ruud van der Linden (chair) and Mr. Marc Verstraeten  both (who will continue to serve on the Supervisory Board as ""Independent SB Members""). The affirmative vote of the two independent Supervisory Board members shall be required in respect of any new Management Board appointments or of replacement of Messrs. Sallenhag  Ladega and Civita. The two Independent SB Members will be tasked in particular with monitoring compliance with the Non-Financial Covenants  and any deviation from the Non-Financial Covenants will require the approval of the Supervisory Board  including the affirmative vote of the two Independent SB Members.Microtest shall not break up the RoodMicrotec Group or its business units  other than by way of a strategic reorganisation or re-grouping of its activities. Microtest does not intend to pursue any divestments (other than the Post-Closing Restructuring). RoodMicrotec or its legal successor  together with their respective subsidiaries  will have their own operating and reporting structure. The management of RoodMicrotec or its legal successor remains responsible for managing the RoodMicrotec Group and its businesses  subject to applicable rules and regulations. RoodMicrotec's Dutch finance function shall be maintained in the Deventer area. The operations in Nördlingen and Stuttgart  Germany  shall be maintained and Microtest is committed to further grow the operations at these locations. The major brand and product names of the RoodMicrotec Group in all relevant markets and the name of RoodMicrotec and the RoodMicrotec Group companies shall remain unchanged. The RoodMicrotec Group shall be allowed to maintain its corporate identity  values and culture.FinancingMicrotest shall procure that the RoodMicrotec Group will remain prudently capitalised and financed to safeguard the continuity of the business  also taking into account any dividends paid out  and the execution of the Strategy.EmployeesThe existing rights and benefits of the employees of the RoodMicrotec Group will be respected  as will the RoodMicrotec Group's current employee consultation structure and existing arrangements with any employee representative body within the RoodMicrotec Group. No reduction of the workforce of the RoodMicrotec Group is envisaged as a direct consequence of the Transaction or completion thereof.Commencement conditions and Offer conditionsPursuant to the Merger Agreement  the commencement of the Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following commencement conditions  customary for a transaction of this kind:no material breach of the Merger Agreement having occurred that has not been timely remedied;no amendment or withdrawal of the Recommendation having occurred;no material adverse effect having occurred since the date of the Merger Agreement;no Superior Offer (as defined below) having been announced or made;no mandatory offer pursuant to article 5:70 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht; "" DFSA "") for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made;"") for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made; the AFM having approved the Offer Memorandum;no order  stay  judgment or decree having been issued by any regulatory authority that remains in full force and effect  and no regulatory authority has enacted any law  statute  rule  regulation  governmental order or injunction (any of the foregoing  a "" Governmental or Court Order "")  which in each case restraints or prohibits the making of the Offer in any material respect;"")  which in each case restraints or prohibits the making of the Offer in any material respect; no notification having been received from the AFM stating that the Offer has been prepared or announced in violation of the provisions of chapter 5.5 of the DFSA or the Decree and that  pursuant to Section 5:80 paragraph 2 of the DFSA  investment firms will not be allowed to cooperate with the Offer; andtrading in the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam not having been suspended or ended by Euronext Amsterdam.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement  if and when made  the Offer will be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following Offer conditions  customary for a transaction of this kind:minimum acceptance level of at least 95% of RoodMicrotec's issued and outstanding ordinary share capital (geplaatst en uitstaand gewoon aandelenkapitaal) as the closing of the Offer  which percentage will be automatically adjusted to 80% if the General Meeting has adopted the Resolutions relating to the Post-Closing Restructuring and such Resolutions are in full force and effect on the closing date;no material breach of the Merger Agreement having occurred that has not been timely remedied;no amendment or withdrawal of the Recommendation having occurred;no material adverse effect having occurred since the date of the Merger Agreement;no Superior Offer having been announced or made;no mandatory offer pursuant to article 5:70 DFSA for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made;no Governmental or Court Order being in effect that restraints or prohibits the consummation of the Transaction in any material respect;no notification having been received from the AFM stating that the Offer has been prepared  announced or made in violation of the provisions of chapter 5.5 of the DFSA or the Decree and that  pursuant to section 5:80 paragraph 2 of the DFSA  investment firms will not be allowed to cooperate with the Offer;trading in the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam not having been suspended or ended by Euronext Amsterdam; andthe General Meeting having adopted the Resolutions which will be voted on at the EGM and the Resolutions being in full force and effect.The Offer conditions will have to be satisfied or waived ultimately on 30 April 2024.Post-Closing RestructuringMicrotest and RoodMicrotec believe that having the RoodMicrotec Group operate in a wholly-owned set up without a listing on Euronext Amsterdam is better for the sustainable success of its business and long-term value creation. This belief is based  inter alia  on:the fact that having a single shareholder and operating without a public listing increases the RoodMicrotec Group's ability to achieve the goals and implement the actions of its strategy and reduces the RoodMicrotec Group's costs;the ability of RoodMicrotec and Microtest to terminate the listing of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  and all resulting cost savings therefrom;the ability to achieve an efficient capital structure (both from a tax and financing perspective);the ability to implement and focus on achieving long-term strategic goals of RoodMicrotec  as opposed to short-term performance driven by periodic reporting obligations; andas part of long-term strategic objectives the ability to focus on pursuing and supporting (by providing access to equity and debt capital) continued buy-and-build acquisition opportunities as and when they arise.Microtest and RoodMicrotec will seek to procure the delisting of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  as soon as practicable after the ending of the post-closing acceptance period of the Offer (the ""Post-Closing Acceptance Period"").If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds at least 95% of the Shares  Microtest will as soon as possible commence a compulsory acquisition procedure or a takeover buy-out procedure to obtain 100% of the Shares.If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds less than 95%  but at least 80% of the Shares  Microtest intends to acquire the entire business of the RoodMicrotec Group for an amount equal to the Offer Price  pursuant to:a legal triangular merger of the RoodMicrotec Group into a newly incorporated wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" Company Sub "")  with a newly incorporated wholly-owned direct subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" Company Holdco ""  the sole shareholder of Company Sub) allotting shares to holders of the Shares in a 1:1 exchange ratio and upon which RoodMicrotec will cease to exist and the Shares' admission to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam will terminate (the "" Triangular Merger "");"")  with a newly incorporated wholly-owned direct subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" ""  the sole shareholder of Company Sub) allotting shares to holders of the Shares in a 1:1 exchange ratio and upon which RoodMicrotec will cease to exist and the Shares' admission to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam will terminate (the "" ""); a subsequent share sale pursuant to which Company Holdco will sell and transfer the outstanding Company Sub share(s) to Microtest (the "" Share Sale ""); and""); and a subsequent dissolution and liquidation of Company Holdco (the ""Liquidation"" and  together with the Triangular Merger and the Share Sale  the ""Post-Closing Restructuring"").Microtest will  with the cooperation of RoodMicrotec  ensure that the liquidator of Company Holdco arranges for an advance liquidation distribution to the shareholders of Company Holdco  which is intended to take place on or about the date of the closing of the Share Sale and will result in a payment per share equal to the Offer Price  without any interest and less applicable withholding taxes or other taxes. The Post-Closing Restructuring is subject to the approval of the General Meeting  which will be sought at the EGM.If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds less than 95% of the Shares  Microtest may effect or cause to effect other restructurings of the RoodMicrotec Group for the purpose of achieving an optimal operational  legal  financial or fiscal structure  all in accordance with applicable laws and the terms of the Merger Agreement.Exclusivity and Superior OfferAs part of the Merger Agreement  RoodMicrotec has entered into customary undertakings not to solicit third party offers. If the RoodMicrotec Boards determine that RoodMicrotec has received from a bona fide third party a written and binding unsolicited proposal relating to a public offer for all Shares (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised)  a sale of all or a substantial part of the assets or business of the RoodMicrotec Group or any other transaction that could result in a change of control of RoodMicrotec or all or a substantial part of the RoodMicrotec Group's business or otherwise prevent the Transaction from being consummated  which in the good faith opinion of the RoodMicrotec Boards is on balance more beneficial to the RoodMicrotec Group and the sustainable success of its business than the Transaction and the consideration of which exceeds the Offer Price as included in this press release by at least EUR 0.04 (a ""Superior Offer"")  RoodMicrotec will promptly notify Microtest in writing thereof. In such case  Microtest has the opportunity to match such Superior Offer within ten business days. If Microtest timely submits to RoodMicrotec a revised offer in writing that the RoodMicrotec Boards determine to be  on balance  at least equally beneficial to RoodMicrotec and the sustainable success of is business as the Superior Offer  RoodMicrotec will not accept the Superior Offer and Microtest and RoodMicrotec will remain bound to the Merger Agreement. If Microtest does not timely match the Superior Offer or informs RoodMicrotec that it does not wish to match the Superior Offer  RoodMicrotec will be entitled to (conditionally) agree to the Superior Offer  in which case each of Microtest and RoodMicrotec may terminate the Merger Agreement.TerminationIf the Merger Agreement is terminated by Microtest because (i) RoodMicrotec has agreed to a Superior Offer or (ii) the Boards have amended or withdrawn their Recommendation  or (iii) RoodMicrotec has materially breached the Merger Agreement and such breach is incapable of being remedied or has not been remedied  RoodMicrotec shall pay Microtest an amount of EUR 600 000.If the Merger Agreement is terminated by RoodMicrotec because (i) Microtest has materially breached the Merger Agreement and such breach is incapable of being remedied or has not been remedied  or (ii) all commencement conditions have been satisfied or waived and Microtest has failed to timely make the Offer or all Offer conditions having been satisfied or waived and the settlement of the Offer not having occurred timely  Microtest shall pay RoodMicrotec an amount of EUR 1 million.These rights to payment are without prejudice to the right of Microtest or RoodMicrotec to demand specific performance of the Merger Agreement.Timing and Next StepsMicrotest will launch the Offer as soon as practically possible and in accordance with the applicable statutory timetable  subject to satisfaction or waiver of the pre-offer conditions. Microtest will submit a first draft of the Offer Memorandum to the AFM as soon as practicable. The Offer Memorandum will be published shortly after approval  which is expected to occur in Q3 2023  subject to satisfaction or waiver of the commencement conditions.RoodMicrotec will hold the EGM at least six business days before the Offer period ends  in accordance with section 18  paragraph 1 of the Decree  to inform its shareholders about the Transaction and to adopt the Resolutions (including with respect to the Post-Closing Restructuring).Based on the required steps and subject to the necessary approvals  RoodMicrotec and Microtest anticipate that the Offer will close in Q4 2023.AdvisorsOn behalf of Microtest  Rothschild & Co is acting as sole financial advisor and Linklaters LLP is acting as legal counsel.AXECO Corporate Finance B.V. is acting as RoodMicrotec's sole financial advisor and Bird & Bird (Netherlands) LLP is acting as RoodMicrotec's legal counsel.About RoodMicrotecWith more than 50 years of experience in the semiconductor and electronics industry  RoodMicrotec is a leading independent company for semiconductor supply and quality services. RoodMicrotec is a highly valued partner for many companies worldwide and offers specifically tailored turnkey solutions for each single customer's requirements. The turnkey services include project management  wafer test  assembly  final test  qualification  failure analysis  and logistics. All services provided by RoodMicrotec meet the high quality standards of the automotive  industrial  healthcare  and high reliability aerospace sectors. RoodMicrotec is headquartered in Deventer  Netherlands  with operational units in Nördlingen and Stuttgart  Germany.For more information please visit https://www.roodmicrotec.com.About MicrotestMicrotest is a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services. It is an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S.à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon  a leading mid-cap private equity fund with 33+ years of experience and 175+ investments.The current CEOs  Giuseppe Amelio and Moreno Lupi  have been leading Microtest since its foundation in 1999 in Altopascio (Lucca). Over time  Microtest has become a technological partner of some of the world’s leading microchip manufacturers  skilled in developing innovative solutions  thanks to a solid engineering team and good production flexibility. In 2004  Microtest started the design and production of Automatic Test Equipment (the systems used in the semiconductor industry for electronic components and wafter testing) for several applications such as avionics and cars’ electronic modules  radar and wireless communications for defense and medical devices. Few years later Microtest broadened its scope by offering also “test house” services furthermore enhanced with a direct presence in the Far East following the opening of a subsidiary in Malaysia in 2018. In April 2022  Xenon Private Equity acquired a majority stake in Microtest  spurring its international expansion strategy. Microtest has reached more than 30 million in revenues in 2022  with an Ebitda margin above 38%. Microtest commercial network and customer service is spread over the US  Europe  and Asia. In 2023 Microtest acquired Test Inspire  a highly innovative Dutch company focused on Automatic Testing Equipment.For more information please visit https://www.microtest.net.DisclaimerThis is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec and Microtest pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 Paragraphs 1 and 3  Section 5 Paragraph 1 and Section 7 Paragraph 4 of the Decree and contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information in this press release is not intended to be complete. This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities.The distribution of this press release may  in some countries  be restricted by law or regulation. Accordingly  persons who come into possession of this document should inform themselves of and observe these restrictions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  RoodMicrotec and Microtest disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of any such restrictions by any person. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. Neither RoodMicrotec nor Microtest  nor any of their respective advisors  assumes any responsibility for any violation of any of these restrictions. Any RoodMicrotec shareholder who is in any doubt as to his or her position should consult an appropriate professional advisor without delay. This announcement is not to be published or distributed in or to the United States  Canada or Japan. The information in the press release is not intended to be complete. This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to acquire or dispose of any securities or investment advice or an inducement to enter into investment activity. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire the securities of RoodMicrotec in any jurisdiction.Forward Looking StatementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered ""forward-looking statements "" such as statements relating to the impact of this Offer on RoodMicrotec and Microtest and the targeted timeline for the Offer. Forward-looking statements include those preceded by  followed by or that include the words ""anticipated "" ""expected"" or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although RoodMicrotec and Microtest believe that the assumptions upon which their respective financial information and their respective forward-looking statements are based are reasonable  they can give no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  receipt of regulatory approvals without unexpected delays or conditions  Microtest's ability to successfully operate RoodMicrotec without disruption to its other business activities  Microtest's ability to achieve the anticipated results from the acquisition of RoodMicrotec  the effects of competition  economic conditions in the global markets in which RoodMicrotec operates  and other factors that can be found in RoodMicrotec's and/or Microtest's press releases and public filings.Neither RoodMicrotec nor Microtest  nor any of their respective advisors  accepts any responsibility for any financial information contained in this press release relating to the business  results of operations or financial condition of the other or their respective groups. Each of RoodMicrotec and Microtest expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.15,0.2,True,English,"['ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER', 'MICROTEST AGREE', 'ROODMICROTEC', 'RECOMMENDED', 'EUR', 'SHARE', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Ruud van der Linden', 'Microtest S.p.a.', 'Seven Holding 3 S.', 'private equity fund', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'automated test equipment', 'twelve calendar months', 'extensive strategic review', 'growing semiconductor market', 'semiconductor industry market', 'significant larger ecosystem', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'last three, six', 'volume-weighted average price', 'stronger European player', 'high deal certainty', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'RoodMicrotec N.V.', 'joint press release', 'ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER', 'The Offer Price', 'The Supervisory Board', 'The RoodMicrotec Boards', 'last couple', 'outstanding Shares', 'English German', 'Italian law', 'Post-Closing Restructuring', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'testing services', 'conditional agreement', 'Warrant holders', 'first draft', 'customary conditions', 'Italian company', 'autonomous growth', 'same time', 'future growth', '7,485,000 outstanding warrants', 'Section 4 Paragraphs', 'closing price', 'Dutch Decree', 'offer memorandum', 'cum dividend', 'MICROTEST AGREE', 'Merger Agreement', 'large shareholders', 'Transaction highlights', 'entire Transaction', 'RoodMicrotec Group', 'Section 5 Paragraph', 'SHARE Deventer', 'subsidiaries', 'entity', 'l.', 'subsidiary', 'Xenon', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'AFM', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'RECOMMENDED', 'Netherlands', 'premium', '12 June', 'basis', 'culmination', 'management', 'fast', 'acceptance', 'members', 'capacity', 'individuals', 'financing', 'place', 'funds', 'July', 'Q4', 'chairman', 'announcement', 'today', 'stakeholders', 'line', 'strategy', 'years']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686814/0/de/ROODMICROTEC-UND-MICROTEST-EINIGEN-SICH-AUF-EIN-EMPFOHLENES-%C3%96FFENTLICHES-BARANGEBOT-VON-0-35-EUR-PRO-AKTIE-press-release-available-in-English-only.html,ROODMICROTEC UND MICROTEST EINIGEN SICH AUF EIN EMPFOHLENES ÖFFENTLICHES BARANGEBOT VON 0 35 EUR PRO AKTIE (press release available in English only),"This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (""RoodMicrotec"" and  together with its subsidiaries  the ""RoodMicrotec Group"") and Microtest S.p.a. (""Microtest"")  an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly o…","English GermanThis is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (""RoodMicrotec"" and  together with its subsidiaries  the ""RoodMicrotec Group"") and Microtest S.p.a. (""Microtest"")  an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon (as defined below)  pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 Paragraphs 1 and 3  Section 5 Paragraph 1 and Section 7 Paragraph 4 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft  the ""Decree"") in connection with the intended recommended public offer by Microtest for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec (the ""Offer""  and together with the Post-Closing Restructuring (as defined below)  the ""Transaction""). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. Any offer will be made only by means of an offer memorandum (the ""Offer Memorandum"") approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the ""AFM""). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States  Canada and Japan or in any other jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful.ROODMICROTEC AND MICROTEST AGREE ON RECOMMENDED ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER OF EUR 0.35 PER SHAREDeventer  the Netherlands  13 June 2023  RoodMicrotec and Microtest  a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services  are pleased to announce that a conditional agreement (the ""Merger Agreement"") has been reached on a recommended public offer to be made by Microtest for all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec (each a ""Share"") for EUR 0.35 in cash per Share (cum dividend) (the ""Offer Price"").Transaction highlightsRoodMicrotec and Microtest have reached conditional agreement on a recommended all-cash public offer by Microtest for all issued and outstanding Shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec at an offer price of EUR 0.35 (cum dividend) per Share in cash.The Offer Price represents a premium of approximately 35.7% to RoodMicrotec's closing price on 12 June 2023 of EUR 0.258 per Share  and a premium of approximately 49.5%  54.9% and 61.0% respectively over the volume-weighted average price per Share over the last three  six and twelve calendar months  respectively.The Offer for 100% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all of the 7 485 000 outstanding warrants issued by RoodMicrotec (the "" Warrants "") are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer) amounts to EUR 28.9 million."") are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer) amounts to EUR 28.9 million. The Transaction is the culmination of an extensive strategic review conducted by RoodMicrotec's board of management (the "" Board of Management "") and supervisory board (the "" Supervisory Board ""  and together with the Board of Management  the "" RoodMicrotec Boards "") and creates a stronger European player in the fast-growing semiconductor market."") and supervisory board (the "" ""  and together with the Board of Management  the "" "") and creates a stronger European player in the fast-growing semiconductor market. The RoodMicrotec Boards unanimously and fully support the Transaction and recommend the Offer for acceptance to the shareholders of RoodMicrotec.The Offer is also supported by the members of the Board of Management (in their capacity as shareholders) and several of RoodMicrotec’s large shareholders and Warrant holders  representing approximately 24.8% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer). Each of these individuals has irrevocably committed to support the Offer and tender all Shares held by it (immediately prior to closing of the Offer) in the Offer.Microtest has committed financing in place for the entire Transaction providing certainty of funds and high deal certainty.A first draft of the Offer Memorandum is expected to be submitted to the AFM in July 2023.The Offer is subject to certain customary conditions and is expected to complete in Q4 2023.Ruud van der Linden  chairman of the Supervisory Board of RoodMicrotec:“The Supervisory Board of RoodMicrotec unanimously supports the transaction and is delighted with the announcement today of the merger of RoodMicrotec with the Italian company Microtest. We strongly believe that the merger is a win-win for all the stakeholders of both RoodMicrotec and Microtest. This transaction is fully in line with the strategy we pursued with RoodMicrotec for the last couple of years  to aim for autonomous growth while at the same time explore the semiconductor industry market and look for a significant larger ecosystem to join  supporting the future growth of RoodMicrotec. We believe that we have found that ecosystem in a merger with Microtest  an entity that is backboned by Xenon with the strategy to invest in growth of such a larger ecosystem.”Martin Sallenhag  CEO of RoodMicrotec:“RoodMicrotec has achieved a lot during the last years where we have added new customers  extended engagements with present customers  increased revenue and cleared up the balance sheet. We are now very well positioned for the next step in building a larger and more efficient company. To be able to do this there is a need to be part of a bigger entity to make use of economies of scale as well as a better position towards customers and suppliers. The merger with Microtest and the expansion plan provided by Xenon will put the new entity in a very strong position to be a major player in the growing market in Europe. We are thrilled to be able to join on this journey towards something better for the future.”Franco Prestigiacomo  Chairman of Microtest and CEO of Xenon:“Together with Microtest's CEOs  Giuseppe Amelio and Moreno Lupi  we are committed to setting a clear path for our internationalisation strategy  which is only just beginning. With RoodMicrotec  we are adding a key piece to our growth strategy  not only in terms of revenue  but also in terms of scale. We want to drive synergies to create an integrated European group specialised in manufacturing ATE  OSAT and fabless microchips. Our objective is to maintain the current RoodMicrotec corporate structure and to better integrate the technologies of both companies in order to ensure even better performance for our customers  which I expect will increase significantly after the closing of this transaction.”Strategic rationaleThe Transaction is the culmination of an extensive strategic review conducted by the RoodMicrotec Boards in the last couple of years  which concluded that RoodMicrotec’ growth potential is hampered by the relatively extensive costs and other non-business-related requirements of operating in a public environment as a listed entity. Also  the current size of RoodMicrotec does not allow substantial investments and capital expenditure in pursuit of strong growth  without obtaining considerable financial obligations. Becoming part of a larger ecosystem will give RoodMicrotec more ‘firepower’ to realise targeted growth and create a higher shareholder value.Microtest is a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services. It is an entity controlled by Seven Holding 3 S. à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon Private Equity VII SCA SICAV RAIF (“Xenon”)  which is managed by Xenon AIFM S.A  a leading mid-cap private equity fund with 33+ years of experience and 175+ investments.RoodMicrotec believes the sustainable and long-term success of RoodMicrotec can be enhanced under Microtest’s ownership as it will be part of a larger ecosystem in the semiconductor industry. Moreover  having a single shareholder and operating without a public listing will increase RoodMicrotec Group's ability to achieve the goals and implement the actions of its strategy.With Microtest and Xenon  RoodMicrotec will have a financially sound owner  with a strong track record in supporting entrepreneurial businesses and a wealth of experience in the semiconductor industry.Microtest fully supports RoodMicrotec’s growth strategy maintaining the focus on RoodMicrotec’s chosen technologies and services. Furthermore  the aggregation of Microtest and RoodMicrotec will allow the companies to better serve their customers’ increasingly sophisticated needs and to be in a better position to deal with the complex and growing semiconductor market.Full and unanimous support and recommendation by the RoodMicrotec BoardsConsistent with their fiduciary responsibilities  the RoodMicrotec Boards have followed a thorough and careful process in which they have frequently monitored and discussed the developments.Consistent with their fiduciary responsibilities  the RoodMicrotec Boards  with the support of their outside financial and legal advisors  have given careful consideration to all relevant aspects of the Transaction  including the rationale for the Transaction  the interests of all of RoodMicrotec's stakeholders  the Offer Price  the Non-Financial Covenants (as defined below) and other terms of the Transaction. After due and careful consideration  the Boards consider the Transaction to be in the interest of RoodMicrotec and to promote the sustainable success of its business  taking into account the interests of its stakeholders.Accordingly  the Boards have unanimously resolved to support the Transaction  recommend the Offer for acceptance by the holders of Shares and recommend to RoodMicrotec's shareholders to vote in favour of the resolutions relating to the Transaction (the ""Resolutions"") at an extraordinary general meeting of RoodMicrotec's shareholders (the ""General Meeting"")  to be held during the acceptance period of the Offer (the ""EGM"")  each in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement (the ""Recommendation""). The Recommendation will be included in the position statement of RoodMicrotec which will be published simultaneously with the publication of the Offer Memorandum.Fairness OpinionAXECO Corporate Finance has issued a fairness opinion to the RoodMicrotec Boards to the effect that  as of such date and subject to the qualifications  limitations  and assumptions set forth in the fairness opinion  (i) the Offer Price in the Offer is fair  from a financial point of view  to the holders of the Shares  and (ii) the purchase price payable in the Share Sale (as defined below) is fair  from a financial point of view  to Company Holdco (as defined below). The full text of the fairness opinion  which sets forth the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion  will be included in RoodMicrotec's position statement. The opinion of AXECO Corporate Finance has been given to the RoodMicrotec Boards  and not to the holders of Shares. As such  the fairness opinion does not contain a recommendation to the holders of Shares as to whether they should tender their Shares under the Offer (if and when made) or how they should vote or act with respect to the Resolutions or any other matter.Irrevocable undertakingsThe Offer is supported by several of RoodMicrotec's substantial shareholders and warrant holders  together representing approximately 24.8% of the Shares as at closing of the Offer (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer).Each relevant shareholder has irrevocably committed to Microtest to support the Offer and tender all Shares held by it (immediately prior to closing of the Offer) in the Offer.Furthermore  all large holders of Warrants have  subject to the Offer being declared unconditional  irrevocably committed to either (i) assign their Warrants to Microtest or (ii) exercise their Warrants and to tender the Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants.In accordance with the applicable public offer rules  any information shared with these individuals about the Offer shall  if not published prior to the Offer Memorandum being made generally available  be included in the Offer Memorandum in respect of the Offer (if and when issued) and these shareholders will tender their Shares on the same terms and conditions as the other shareholders.Fully committed financing for the TransactionThe Offer values RoodMicrotec at approximately EUR 28.9 million (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised immediately prior to closing of the Offer). Microtest has available cash resources and equity commitments in place to finance the Offer. In this context  Microtest has received equity commitment letters from entities managed  controlled and/or advised by Xenon  which are fully committed. Microtest has no reason to believe that the required cash resources will not be available or that any conditions to the equity financing will not be fulfilled on or prior to settlement of the Offer.Non-Financial CovenantsRoodMicrotec and Microtest have agreed to certain covenants in respect of  amongst others  strategy  structure and governance  financing  employees and minority shareholders for a duration of one year in general after settlement of the Offer (the ""Non-Financial Covenants"")  including the covenants summarised below.StrategyMicrotest shall support and respect RoodMicrotec's current business strategy as described in RoodMicrotec's annual report for the financial year ending 31 December 2022 (the ""Strategy""). RoodMicrotec shall continue to be a state of the art and one-stop-shop service company for clients in the semiconductor industry  offering supply chain management  wafer & component testing  and qualification & failure analysis for companies in the application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) value chain  a highly valued partner to clients who wish to launch high-quality semiconductor devices globally and recognised player with a strong brand name and market position. Following settlement of the Offer  Microtest shall work with RoodMicrotec to grow the business in a manner that reflects the Strategy and Microtest undertakes to set up a financial framework  including sufficient levels of cash  that supports the realisation of the Strategy.Structure and governanceThe current governance structure with a two-tier board will be maintained. After successful completion of the Offer  the current members of the Board of Management  Mr. Martin Sallenhag (CEO) and Mr. Arvid Ladega (CFO)  shall continue to serve as members of the Management Board  with Mr. Luca Civita joining the Board of Management as Chief Integration Officer.It is envisaged that  immediately following settlement of the Offer  the Supervisory Board will be composed of: (i) three members nominated by Microtest  Mr. Giuseppe Amelio  Mr. Franco Prestigiacomo and Mr. Stefano Calabrò and (ii) Mr. Ruud van der Linden (chair) and Mr. Marc Verstraeten  both (who will continue to serve on the Supervisory Board as ""Independent SB Members""). The affirmative vote of the two independent Supervisory Board members shall be required in respect of any new Management Board appointments or of replacement of Messrs. Sallenhag  Ladega and Civita. The two Independent SB Members will be tasked in particular with monitoring compliance with the Non-Financial Covenants  and any deviation from the Non-Financial Covenants will require the approval of the Supervisory Board  including the affirmative vote of the two Independent SB Members.Microtest shall not break up the RoodMicrotec Group or its business units  other than by way of a strategic reorganisation or re-grouping of its activities. Microtest does not intend to pursue any divestments (other than the Post-Closing Restructuring). RoodMicrotec or its legal successor  together with their respective subsidiaries  will have their own operating and reporting structure. The management of RoodMicrotec or its legal successor remains responsible for managing the RoodMicrotec Group and its businesses  subject to applicable rules and regulations. RoodMicrotec's Dutch finance function shall be maintained in the Deventer area. The operations in Nördlingen and Stuttgart  Germany  shall be maintained and Microtest is committed to further grow the operations at these locations. The major brand and product names of the RoodMicrotec Group in all relevant markets and the name of RoodMicrotec and the RoodMicrotec Group companies shall remain unchanged. The RoodMicrotec Group shall be allowed to maintain its corporate identity  values and culture.FinancingMicrotest shall procure that the RoodMicrotec Group will remain prudently capitalised and financed to safeguard the continuity of the business  also taking into account any dividends paid out  and the execution of the Strategy.EmployeesThe existing rights and benefits of the employees of the RoodMicrotec Group will be respected  as will the RoodMicrotec Group's current employee consultation structure and existing arrangements with any employee representative body within the RoodMicrotec Group. No reduction of the workforce of the RoodMicrotec Group is envisaged as a direct consequence of the Transaction or completion thereof.Commencement conditions and Offer conditionsPursuant to the Merger Agreement  the commencement of the Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following commencement conditions  customary for a transaction of this kind:no material breach of the Merger Agreement having occurred that has not been timely remedied;no amendment or withdrawal of the Recommendation having occurred;no material adverse effect having occurred since the date of the Merger Agreement;no Superior Offer (as defined below) having been announced or made;no mandatory offer pursuant to article 5:70 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht; "" DFSA "") for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made;"") for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made; the AFM having approved the Offer Memorandum;no order  stay  judgment or decree having been issued by any regulatory authority that remains in full force and effect  and no regulatory authority has enacted any law  statute  rule  regulation  governmental order or injunction (any of the foregoing  a "" Governmental or Court Order "")  which in each case restraints or prohibits the making of the Offer in any material respect;"")  which in each case restraints or prohibits the making of the Offer in any material respect; no notification having been received from the AFM stating that the Offer has been prepared or announced in violation of the provisions of chapter 5.5 of the DFSA or the Decree and that  pursuant to Section 5:80 paragraph 2 of the DFSA  investment firms will not be allowed to cooperate with the Offer; andtrading in the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam not having been suspended or ended by Euronext Amsterdam.Pursuant to the Merger Agreement  if and when made  the Offer will be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following Offer conditions  customary for a transaction of this kind:minimum acceptance level of at least 95% of RoodMicrotec's issued and outstanding ordinary share capital (geplaatst en uitstaand gewoon aandelenkapitaal) as the closing of the Offer  which percentage will be automatically adjusted to 80% if the General Meeting has adopted the Resolutions relating to the Post-Closing Restructuring and such Resolutions are in full force and effect on the closing date;no material breach of the Merger Agreement having occurred that has not been timely remedied;no amendment or withdrawal of the Recommendation having occurred;no material adverse effect having occurred since the date of the Merger Agreement;no Superior Offer having been announced or made;no mandatory offer pursuant to article 5:70 DFSA for all the issued Shares with a consideration that is at least equal to the Offer Price having been announced or made;no Governmental or Court Order being in effect that restraints or prohibits the consummation of the Transaction in any material respect;no notification having been received from the AFM stating that the Offer has been prepared  announced or made in violation of the provisions of chapter 5.5 of the DFSA or the Decree and that  pursuant to section 5:80 paragraph 2 of the DFSA  investment firms will not be allowed to cooperate with the Offer;trading in the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam not having been suspended or ended by Euronext Amsterdam; andthe General Meeting having adopted the Resolutions which will be voted on at the EGM and the Resolutions being in full force and effect.The Offer conditions will have to be satisfied or waived ultimately on 30 April 2024.Post-Closing RestructuringMicrotest and RoodMicrotec believe that having the RoodMicrotec Group operate in a wholly-owned set up without a listing on Euronext Amsterdam is better for the sustainable success of its business and long-term value creation. This belief is based  inter alia  on:the fact that having a single shareholder and operating without a public listing increases the RoodMicrotec Group's ability to achieve the goals and implement the actions of its strategy and reduces the RoodMicrotec Group's costs;the ability of RoodMicrotec and Microtest to terminate the listing of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  and all resulting cost savings therefrom;the ability to achieve an efficient capital structure (both from a tax and financing perspective);the ability to implement and focus on achieving long-term strategic goals of RoodMicrotec  as opposed to short-term performance driven by periodic reporting obligations; andas part of long-term strategic objectives the ability to focus on pursuing and supporting (by providing access to equity and debt capital) continued buy-and-build acquisition opportunities as and when they arise.Microtest and RoodMicrotec will seek to procure the delisting of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  as soon as practicable after the ending of the post-closing acceptance period of the Offer (the ""Post-Closing Acceptance Period"").If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds at least 95% of the Shares  Microtest will as soon as possible commence a compulsory acquisition procedure or a takeover buy-out procedure to obtain 100% of the Shares.If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds less than 95%  but at least 80% of the Shares  Microtest intends to acquire the entire business of the RoodMicrotec Group for an amount equal to the Offer Price  pursuant to:a legal triangular merger of the RoodMicrotec Group into a newly incorporated wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" Company Sub "")  with a newly incorporated wholly-owned direct subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" Company Holdco ""  the sole shareholder of Company Sub) allotting shares to holders of the Shares in a 1:1 exchange ratio and upon which RoodMicrotec will cease to exist and the Shares' admission to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam will terminate (the "" Triangular Merger "");"")  with a newly incorporated wholly-owned direct subsidiary of RoodMicrotec ("" ""  the sole shareholder of Company Sub) allotting shares to holders of the Shares in a 1:1 exchange ratio and upon which RoodMicrotec will cease to exist and the Shares' admission to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam will terminate (the "" ""); a subsequent share sale pursuant to which Company Holdco will sell and transfer the outstanding Company Sub share(s) to Microtest (the "" Share Sale ""); and""); and a subsequent dissolution and liquidation of Company Holdco (the ""Liquidation"" and  together with the Triangular Merger and the Share Sale  the ""Post-Closing Restructuring"").Microtest will  with the cooperation of RoodMicrotec  ensure that the liquidator of Company Holdco arranges for an advance liquidation distribution to the shareholders of Company Holdco  which is intended to take place on or about the date of the closing of the Share Sale and will result in a payment per share equal to the Offer Price  without any interest and less applicable withholding taxes or other taxes. The Post-Closing Restructuring is subject to the approval of the General Meeting  which will be sought at the EGM.If  after the Post-Closing Acceptance Period  Microtest holds less than 95% of the Shares  Microtest may effect or cause to effect other restructurings of the RoodMicrotec Group for the purpose of achieving an optimal operational  legal  financial or fiscal structure  all in accordance with applicable laws and the terms of the Merger Agreement.Exclusivity and Superior OfferAs part of the Merger Agreement  RoodMicrotec has entered into customary undertakings not to solicit third party offers. If the RoodMicrotec Boards determine that RoodMicrotec has received from a bona fide third party a written and binding unsolicited proposal relating to a public offer for all Shares (on a fully diluted basis  assuming all Warrants are exercised)  a sale of all or a substantial part of the assets or business of the RoodMicrotec Group or any other transaction that could result in a change of control of RoodMicrotec or all or a substantial part of the RoodMicrotec Group's business or otherwise prevent the Transaction from being consummated  which in the good faith opinion of the RoodMicrotec Boards is on balance more beneficial to the RoodMicrotec Group and the sustainable success of its business than the Transaction and the consideration of which exceeds the Offer Price as included in this press release by at least EUR 0.04 (a ""Superior Offer"")  RoodMicrotec will promptly notify Microtest in writing thereof. In such case  Microtest has the opportunity to match such Superior Offer within ten business days. If Microtest timely submits to RoodMicrotec a revised offer in writing that the RoodMicrotec Boards determine to be  on balance  at least equally beneficial to RoodMicrotec and the sustainable success of is business as the Superior Offer  RoodMicrotec will not accept the Superior Offer and Microtest and RoodMicrotec will remain bound to the Merger Agreement. If Microtest does not timely match the Superior Offer or informs RoodMicrotec that it does not wish to match the Superior Offer  RoodMicrotec will be entitled to (conditionally) agree to the Superior Offer  in which case each of Microtest and RoodMicrotec may terminate the Merger Agreement.TerminationIf the Merger Agreement is terminated by Microtest because (i) RoodMicrotec has agreed to a Superior Offer or (ii) the Boards have amended or withdrawn their Recommendation  or (iii) RoodMicrotec has materially breached the Merger Agreement and such breach is incapable of being remedied or has not been remedied  RoodMicrotec shall pay Microtest an amount of EUR 600 000.If the Merger Agreement is terminated by RoodMicrotec because (i) Microtest has materially breached the Merger Agreement and such breach is incapable of being remedied or has not been remedied  or (ii) all commencement conditions have been satisfied or waived and Microtest has failed to timely make the Offer or all Offer conditions having been satisfied or waived and the settlement of the Offer not having occurred timely  Microtest shall pay RoodMicrotec an amount of EUR 1 million.These rights to payment are without prejudice to the right of Microtest or RoodMicrotec to demand specific performance of the Merger Agreement.Timing and Next StepsMicrotest will launch the Offer as soon as practically possible and in accordance with the applicable statutory timetable  subject to satisfaction or waiver of the pre-offer conditions. Microtest will submit a first draft of the Offer Memorandum to the AFM as soon as practicable. The Offer Memorandum will be published shortly after approval  which is expected to occur in Q3 2023  subject to satisfaction or waiver of the commencement conditions.RoodMicrotec will hold the EGM at least six business days before the Offer period ends  in accordance with section 18  paragraph 1 of the Decree  to inform its shareholders about the Transaction and to adopt the Resolutions (including with respect to the Post-Closing Restructuring).Based on the required steps and subject to the necessary approvals  RoodMicrotec and Microtest anticipate that the Offer will close in Q4 2023.AdvisorsOn behalf of Microtest  Rothschild & Co is acting as sole financial advisor and Linklaters LLP is acting as legal counsel.AXECO Corporate Finance B.V. is acting as RoodMicrotec's sole financial advisor and Bird & Bird (Netherlands) LLP is acting as RoodMicrotec's legal counsel.About RoodMicrotecWith more than 50 years of experience in the semiconductor and electronics industry  RoodMicrotec is a leading independent company for semiconductor supply and quality services. RoodMicrotec is a highly valued partner for many companies worldwide and offers specifically tailored turnkey solutions for each single customer's requirements. The turnkey services include project management  wafer test  assembly  final test  qualification  failure analysis  and logistics. All services provided by RoodMicrotec meet the high quality standards of the automotive  industrial  healthcare  and high reliability aerospace sectors. RoodMicrotec is headquartered in Deventer  Netherlands  with operational units in Nördlingen and Stuttgart  Germany.For more information please visit https://www.roodmicrotec.com.About MicrotestMicrotest is a well reputed player both in designing and manufacturing automated test equipment and in providing testing services. It is an entity incorporated under Italian law  controlled by Seven Holding 3 S.à r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary of the private equity fund Xenon  a leading mid-cap private equity fund with 33+ years of experience and 175+ investments.The current CEOs  Giuseppe Amelio and Moreno Lupi  have been leading Microtest since its foundation in 1999 in Altopascio (Lucca). Over time  Microtest has become a technological partner of some of the world’s leading microchip manufacturers  skilled in developing innovative solutions  thanks to a solid engineering team and good production flexibility. In 2004  Microtest started the design and production of Automatic Test Equipment (the systems used in the semiconductor industry for electronic components and wafter testing) for several applications such as avionics and cars’ electronic modules  radar and wireless communications for defense and medical devices. Few years later Microtest broadened its scope by offering also “test house” services furthermore enhanced with a direct presence in the Far East following the opening of a subsidiary in Malaysia in 2018. In April 2022  Xenon Private Equity acquired a majority stake in Microtest  spurring its international expansion strategy. Microtest has reached more than 30 million in revenues in 2022  with an Ebitda margin above 38%. Microtest commercial network and customer service is spread over the US  Europe  and Asia. In 2023 Microtest acquired Test Inspire  a highly innovative Dutch company focused on Automatic Testing Equipment.For more information please visit https://www.microtest.net.DisclaimerThis is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec and Microtest pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 Paragraphs 1 and 3  Section 5 Paragraph 1 and Section 7 Paragraph 4 of the Decree and contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information in this press release is not intended to be complete. This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities.The distribution of this press release may  in some countries  be restricted by law or regulation. Accordingly  persons who come into possession of this document should inform themselves of and observe these restrictions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  RoodMicrotec and Microtest disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of any such restrictions by any person. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. Neither RoodMicrotec nor Microtest  nor any of their respective advisors  assumes any responsibility for any violation of any of these restrictions. Any RoodMicrotec shareholder who is in any doubt as to his or her position should consult an appropriate professional advisor without delay. This announcement is not to be published or distributed in or to the United States  Canada or Japan. The information in the press release is not intended to be complete. This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to acquire or dispose of any securities or investment advice or an inducement to enter into investment activity. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or acquire the securities of RoodMicrotec in any jurisdiction.Forward Looking StatementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered ""forward-looking statements "" such as statements relating to the impact of this Offer on RoodMicrotec and Microtest and the targeted timeline for the Offer. Forward-looking statements include those preceded by  followed by or that include the words ""anticipated "" ""expected"" or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although RoodMicrotec and Microtest believe that the assumptions upon which their respective financial information and their respective forward-looking statements are based are reasonable  they can give no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  receipt of regulatory approvals without unexpected delays or conditions  Microtest's ability to successfully operate RoodMicrotec without disruption to its other business activities  Microtest's ability to achieve the anticipated results from the acquisition of RoodMicrotec  the effects of competition  economic conditions in the global markets in which RoodMicrotec operates  and other factors that can be found in RoodMicrotec's and/or Microtest's press releases and public filings.Neither RoodMicrotec nor Microtest  nor any of their respective advisors  accepts any responsibility for any financial information contained in this press release relating to the business  results of operations or financial condition of the other or their respective groups. Each of RoodMicrotec and Microtest expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Anhang",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.15,0.2,True,English,"['EMPFOHLENES ÖFFENTLICHES BARANGEBOT VON', 'MICROTEST EINIGEN', 'PRO AKTIE', 'press release', 'ROODMICROTEC', 'English', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Ruud van der Linden', 'Microtest S.p.a.', 'Seven Holding 3 S.', 'private equity fund', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'automated test equipment', 'twelve calendar months', 'extensive strategic review', 'growing semiconductor market', 'semiconductor industry market', 'significant larger ecosystem', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'last three, six', 'volume-weighted average price', 'stronger European player', 'high deal certainty', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'RoodMicrotec N.V.', 'joint press release', 'ALL-CASH PUBLIC OFFER', 'The Offer Price', 'The Supervisory Board', 'The RoodMicrotec Boards', 'last couple', 'outstanding Shares', 'English German', 'Italian law', 'Post-Closing Restructuring', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'testing services', 'conditional agreement', 'Warrant holders', 'first draft', 'customary conditions', 'Italian company', 'autonomous growth', 'same time', 'future growth', '7,485,000 outstanding warrants', 'Section 4 Paragraphs', 'closing price', 'Dutch Decree', 'offer memorandum', 'cum dividend', 'MICROTEST AGREE', 'Merger Agreement', 'large shareholders', 'Transaction highlights', 'entire Transaction', 'RoodMicrotec Group', 'Section 5 Paragraph', 'SHARE Deventer', 'subsidiaries', 'entity', 'l.', 'subsidiary', 'Xenon', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'AFM', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'RECOMMENDED', 'Netherlands', 'premium', '12 June', 'basis', 'culmination', 'management', 'fast', 'acceptance', 'members', 'capacity', 'individuals', 'financing', 'place', 'funds', 'July', 'Q4', 'chairman', 'announcement', 'today', 'stakeholders', 'line', 'strategy', 'years']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GREEN-HYDROGEN-SYSTEMS-A-124007902/news/19-2023-Green-Hydrogen-Systems-Rights-issue-announcement-44097576/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,19/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Rights issue announcement,(marketscreener.com) Company announcement 19/2023 NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELE…,"19/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Rights issue announcement 06/13/2023 | 02:38am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Company announcement 19/2023 NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. Green Hydrogen Systems publishes prospectus and initiates rights issue Kolding  Denmark  13 June 2023 – Green Hydrogen Systems A/S (“Green Hydrogen Systems” or the “Company”) today announces the initiation of a rights issue (the “Offering”) at a subscription ratio of 5:4 and subscription price of DKK 4.50 per new share. The Offering comprises up to 104 296 612 new shares which are issued with pre-emptive rights to subscribe for the new shares for the Company’s existing shareholders. A prospectus regarding the Offering is available at the Company’s website https://investor.greenhydrogen.dk/announcements-and-news/rights-issue-2023/ (subject to certain restrictions). The key terms of the Offering are: The Offering comprises up to 104 296 612 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 1 each.The subscription price is DKK 4.50 per new share.The gross proceeds of the Offering will be approximately DKK 469 million assuming all new shares are subscribed for in the Offering  in which case the net proceeds will be approximately DKK 429 million.Each of the Company’s existing shareholders will be allocated five (5) pre-emptive rights for each one (1) existing share held.The subscription ratio of the Offering is 5:4  meaning that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share.Existing shares traded after 14 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) will be traded without pre-emptive rights  provided that the existing shares are traded with the customary two-day settlement cycle.The pre-emptive rights can be traded in the period commencing on 15 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) and closing on 28 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST).The subscription period for new shares commences on 19 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) and closes on 30 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST).Any pre-emptive rights that are not exercised during the subscription period will lapse with no value  and the holder of such pre-emptive rights will not be entitled to compensation. Any remaining shares not subscribed for by pre-emptive rights may be subscribed for by existing shareholders  potential investors who are residents of Denmark (Danish retail investors) and/or qualified investors  who have made binding undertakings to subscribe for such shares by use of the application form in Annex A (Application Form) in the prospectus before the expiry of the subscription period.The Company’s major shareholders  Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S  APMH Invest A/S  Norlys a.m.b.a. and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension have undertaken subscription commitments generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately DKK 174 million conditional on the Company raising gross proceeds of DKK 225 million or more in the Offering. Additionally  certain members of the Board of Directors  Executive Management and key employees have severally and not jointly undertaken to exercise allocated pre-emptive rights and/or apply for subscription for remaining shares for an aggregate amount of DKK 4.52 million.If the result of the Offering shows that gross proceeds are less than DKK 225 million  the Company expects to withdraw the Offering immediately before completion. If the Company raises gross proceeds that are less than DKK 469 million (but more than DKK 225 million)  the Company may need to amend its business plan including the pace of execution thereof or raise new capital at an earlier time than what would have otherwise been the case.Moreover  if the Offering is completed raising gross proceeds of DKK 225 million or more  the Company expects to be able to draw on two term loans to be made available by two of the major shareholders  APMH Invest A/S and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension  with a total principal amount of DKK 250 million. Sebastian Koks Andreassen  CEO in Green Hydrogen Systems says: “At Green Hydrogen Systems  we have an ambition to become a significant player in the global sustainable energy transition. Achieving our 2026 target of surpassing DKK 1.2 billion in revenue is an important step towards fulfilling that ambition. To reach that target we need to complete the development of the X-Series and launch it commercially. We need to progress the delivery of the A-Series to our customers and add new orders to our backlog. And we need to continuously optimise our product offerings  strengthen the technical organisation and expand the commercial rollout. We are therefore aiming to raise gross proceeds of DKK 469 million in a rights issue  which also serves to ensure adequate capitalisation of the Company. The rights issue is supported by major shareholders and will be combined with loan facilities of DKK 250 million provided by two of the Company’s major shareholders  APMH Invest A/S and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension. Subject to completing the offering at the targeted amount  we expect to be capitalised to reach important commercial and technical milestones until the end of 2025.” Background to the Offering and use of proceeds The Offering is intended to contribute to the funding of the Company’s execution of its strategy and thereby enable the Company to reach its commercial and financial targets for the future. In light of the Company's current capitalisation and working capital as well as the importance of complying with a financial covenant  the Company is in actual need of new capital. The Company is targeting gross proceeds from the Offering of up to DKK 469 million with potential net proceeds of up to approximately DKK 429 million (assuming subscription for all new shares and otherwise subject to the assumptions set out in the prospectus). The targeted net proceeds together with the expected proceeds from two term loans of a total principal amount of DKK 250 million from each of APMH Invest A/S and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension  may result in total net proceeds of approximately DKK 679 million (assuming disbursement of the term loans which is subject to certain conditions). The term loans are conditional upon  inter alia  the Company raising gross proceeds in the Offering of DKK 225 million or more and the provision of security by way of a DKK 130 million second priority real property mortgage and a DKK 120 million floating charge. If drawn  the term loans will be subject to a fixed interest rate of 15 per cent p.a. which will be rolled up on a quarterly basis and added to the principal amount of the term loans and will also include certain variable prepayment fees. The Company expects to withdraw the Offering immediately before completion if the Offering results in gross proceeds of less than DKK 225 million. Accordingly  the expected minimum net proceeds in the Offering and from the term loans are DKK 445 million  while the targeted potential net proceeds are approximately DKK 679 million. Assuming realisation of the Company's financial targets for the future  the total net proceeds from the capital increase are targeted at providing the Company with sufficient funds to maintain a strong balance sheet  including to meet possible financial covenants related to its debt arrangements until end of 2025. Around that time  the Company expects to evaluate its capital needs and may seek new capital via external financing and/or by a new capital increase. If the full targeted amount of proceeds is not raised  the Company may need to evaluate its business plan including the pace of execution thereof  and the Company may need to raise new capital at an earlier time than would have otherwise been the case. For example  should a delay in commercial launch of the X-Series coincide with the Company not raising the full targeted amount of proceeds in the Offering or increased expenditure/cash spend (e.g.  increased R&D costs)  the Company may find that it is prudent to seek a new capital raise as early as in the first half of 2024. The proceeds from the Offering and the term loans will in combination with current available funds and debt financing be allocated towards funding growth investments and the operations of the Company as follows: Continued R&D efforts to further increase the system performance of the A-Series product platform and development of the X-Series product platform. Investments to enable product industrialisation and scale-up of the production facilities. Strengthening the balance sheet to fulfil counter guarantees required by customers. Expansion of commercial and organisational ramp-up by attracting the needed and right competences. Support from investors  etc. Certain shareholders (Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S  APMH Invest A/S  Norlys a.m.b.a. and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension) have severally and not jointly undertaken subscription commitments to exercise their allocated pre-emptive rights to subscribe for such number of new shares generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately DKK 174 million. The subscription commitments are conditional on the Company accepting subscription applications for new shares raising gross proceeds of DKK 225 million or more in the Offering. In addition  Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S has entered into a subscription rights transfer agreement with Danske Bank in connection with the Offering. Pursuant to the subscription rights transfer agreement  Danske Bank will receive 74 290 803 pre-emptive rights from Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S  representing the excess pre-emptive rights not required to satisfy Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S's subscription commitment. Subsequently  it is agreed that Danske Bank will seek to sell such part of the acquired pre-emptive rights in the market  utilising the net proceeds from the sale to subscribe for additional new shares. Such shares subscribed for by Danske Bank will then be transferred to Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S upon the completion of the Offering as consideration for the pre-emptive rights acquired by Danske Bank. If the Offering is completed raising gross proceeds of DKK 225 million or more  the Company expects to be able to draw on two term loans provided by APMH Invest A/S and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension  with a total principal amount of DKK 250 million. Additionally  certain members of the Board of Directors  Executive Management and key employees have severally and not jointly undertaken to exercise allocated pre-emptive rights and/or apply for subscription for remaining shares for an aggregate amount of DKK 4.52 million. Prospective financial information and medium-term targets As further described in the prospectus  the Company maintains its present prospective financial information for the financial year ending 31 December 2023 as revised on 31 May 2023 (see Company Announcement no. 15/2023) and its medium-term targets as announced on 1 March 2023 (see Company Announcement no. 04/2023). Main terms of the Offering Below is a summary of the main terms of the Offering. Reference is made to the prospectus for a detailed description of the terms of the rights issue. The Offering: The Offering comprises up to 104 296 612 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 1 each with pre-emptive rights for the Company’s existing shareholders.Subscription price: The new shares are offered at a subscription price of DKK 4.50 per new share.Subscription ratio: Each existing shareholder of the Company registered as such with Euronext Securities Copenhagen on 16 June 2023 at 17:59 (CEST) will be allocated five (5) pre-emptive rights per one (1) share held. The subscription ratio of the Offering is 5:4 which means that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share with a nominal value of DKK 1 each.Trading in pre-emptive subscription rights: The pre-emptive rights can be traded on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the temporary ISIN code DK0062271631 during the period from 15 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) to 28 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST).Subscription period: The subscription period for the new shares commences on 19 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) and closes on 30 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST). Any pre-emptive rights that are not exercised during this subscription period will lapse with no value  and the holder of such pre-emptive subscription rights will not be entitled to any compensation.Payment and delivery: Upon exercise of the pre-emptive subscriptions  the holder must pay DKK 4.50 per new share subscribed for. Payment for the new shares shall be made in Danish kroner (DKK) on the date of subscription  however  no later than on 30 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST).Remaining shares: Shares not subscribed for by exercise of a pre-emptive right may be subscribed for by existing shareholders  Danish retail investors and/or qualified investors  who before expiry of the subscription period have made binding undertakings to subscribe for the remaining shares according to a separate application form contained in the prospectus. In case of oversubscription of remaining shares  such remaining shares will be allocated according to allocation keys determined by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Offering is not underwritten by the global coordinator.Subscription commitments: Certain shareholders (Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S  APMH Invest A/S  Norlys a.m.b.a. and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension) have severally and not jointly undertaken subscription commitments to exercise their allocated pre-emptive rights to subscribe for such number of new shares generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately DKK 174 million in the aggregate.Additionally  certain members of the Board of Directors  Executive Management and key employees have severally and not jointly undertaken to exercise allocated pre-emptive rights and/or apply for subscription for remaining shares for an aggregate amount of DKK 4.52 million. Trading and official listing of new shares: After payment of the subscription price  the new shares will be issued in the temporary ISIN DK0062271631 through Euronext Securities Copenhagen. The temporary ISIN code is registered in Euronext Securities Copenhagen solely for the subscription of the new shares and will not be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen.The new shares will be registered with the Danish Business Authority after the completion of the Offering  expectedly on 6 July 2023. The new shares are expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the permanent ISIN code for the Company’s existing shares DK0061540341 on 10 July 2023. The temporary ISIN code is expected to be merged with the ISIN code of the existing shares on 11 July 2023 after 17:00 (CEST) and be part of the same existing share class. Withdrawal of the Offering: The Offering may be withdrawn by the Company subject to certain conditions before registration of the capital increase relating to the new shares with the Danish Business Authority. The Company expects to withdraw the Offering immediately before completion if the result of the Offering shows that gross proceeds are less than DKK 225 million.If the Offering is withdrawn  any exercise of pre-emptive rights that has already taken place will be cancelled automatically. The subscription amount for the new shares will be refunded (less any transaction costs) to the last registered owner of the new shares as at the date of such withdrawal. All pre-emptive rights will lapse and no new shares will be issued. Trades of pre-emptive rights executed during the rights trading period will  however  not be affected. Consequently  investors who have acquired pre-emptive rights will incur a loss corresponding to the purchase price of the pre-emptive rights and any transaction costs. Investors who have acquired new shares will receive a refund of the subscription price paid for the new shares (less any transaction costs). Consequently  investors who have acquired new shares may incur a loss corresponding to the difference between the purchase price and the subscription price of the new shares and any related transaction costs. The global coordinator is entitled to terminate the rights issue agreement upon the occurrence of certain events and/or circumstances. The rights issue agreement also contains conditions for completion which the Company believes to be customary for offerings such as the Offering  and the completion of the Offering pursuant to the rights issue agreement is subject to compliance with all such conditions in the rights issue agreement. If one or more conditions for completion is not met  the global coordinator may  at its discretion  terminate the rights issue agreement which may accordingly require that the Company withdraws the Offering. The Company is not liable for any losses that investors may suffer as a result of withdrawal of the Offering including  but not limited to  any transaction costs or lost interest. Any such withdrawal will be announced via Nasdaq Copenhagen. Lock-ups: Following the Offering  the Company and certain members of the Board of Directors  Executive Management and key employees will be subject to a 180-day lock-up  subject to certain exceptions.Expected timetable of the Offering The timetable for main events relating to the Offering is as follows: Publication of prospectus 13 June 2023 Last day of trading in existing shares including pre-emptive rights1) 14 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) First day of trading in existing shares without pre-emptive rights 15 June 2023 Trading period for (and including listing of) pre-emptive rights to commence 15 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) Allocation time of pre-emptive rights 16 June 2023 at 17:59 (CEST) Subscription period for new shares commences 19 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) Closing of trading period for (and last day of trading of) pre-emptive rights 28 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) Closing of subscription period for new shares 30 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) Publication of result of the Offering 4 July 2023 Allocation of new shares not subscribed for by existing shareholders (the “remaining shares”) 4 July 2023 Completion of the Offering  including settlement of the new shares 6 July 2023 Registration of the capital increase regarding the new shares with the Danish Business Authority 6 July 2023 First day of trading and official listing of the new shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the ISIN code of the existing shares 10 July 2023 Merger of the temporary ISIN code and permanent ISIN codes in Euronext Securities Copenhagen 11 July 2023 after 17:00 (CEST) 1) Trading in shares after the last trading day in existing shares including pre-emptive rights on 14 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) will be exclusive of rights to receive pre-emptive rights for the buyer unless the parties to the trade in question have taken measures to settle the trade in Euronext Securities Copenhagen prior to the allocation time of pre-emptive rights on 16 June 2023 at 17:59 (CEST) and  thus  chosen not to settle according to the customary settlement cycle with settlement two trading days after the transaction date. The timetable above is subject to change. Any such changes will be announced via Nasdaq Copenhagen. Global coordinator and legal advisors Danske Bank is acting as global coordinator and manager of the Offering. Bech-Bruun Law Firm P/S and Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson (London)  LLP act as Danish and US legal advisors  respectively  to the Company. Plesner Advokatpartnerselskab acts as Danish legal advisor to Danske Bank. Prospectus Following publication  the prospectus containing detailed information on the Company and the Offering will  subject to certain restrictions  be available on the Company’s website https://investor.greenhydrogen.dk/announcements-and-news/rights-issue-2023. Apart from information that is expressly incorporated into the prospectus by reference  the content of the Company’s website does not form part of the prospectus. Green Hydrogen Systems in brief Green Hydrogen Systems is a leading provider of standardised and modular electrolysers to produce green hydrogen solely based on renewable electricity. With its wide range of possible applications  green hydrogen plays a key role in the ongoing fundamental shift in our energy systems towards a net-zero emission society in 2050. As a result  the demand for green hydrogen is surging  requiring a significant scale-up of electrolysis capacity. Founded in 2007 and building on more than 10 years of technology development  Green Hydrogen Systems today has a commercially proven and cost-competitive electrolysis technology endorsed by leading energy  as well as industrial companies. For more info please contact: Investors:Jens Holm Binger  Head of Investor Relations +45 6065 6525  jhb@greenhydrogen.dk Media:Jesper Buhl  Head of Public Affairs and Media Relations +45 5351 5295  jbu@greenhydrogen.dk Important notice The statements contained in this announcement may include “forward-looking statements” that express expectations as to future events or results. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""estimates""  ""anticipates""  ""projects""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""seeks""  ""should"" or “targets” or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. These statements are based on current expectations and involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Any of the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements could prove inaccurate or incorrect and therefore any results contemplated in forward-looking statements may not actually be achieved. Nothing contained in this announcement should be construed as a confirmation that the Offering will complete  nor of the deal size or price. Recipients of this announcement are strongly urged not to place undue reliance on any of the statements set forth above. There is no assurance that the targets and expectations described above will materialize or prove to be correct. Because these statements are based on assumptions and/or estimates and are subject to risks and uncertainties  the actual results or outcome could differ materially from those described above. This announcement is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities issued by the Company in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and the announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into such jurisdictions. This announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017  as amended  and nothing herein contains an offering of securities. No one should purchase or subscribe for any securities in the Company  except on the basis of information in any prospectus published by the Company in connection with a potential offering and admission of such securities to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen. Copies of any such prospectus will  following publication be available from the Company's registered office and on the website of the Company. This announcement and the information contained herein are for information purposes only and not for distribution in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia) (the ""United States"") or any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and this announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in such jurisdictions. This document does not constitute  or form part of  an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States. The securities of the Company have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. In any member state of the European Economic Area  other than Denmark  this announcement is only addressed to and directed at investors in member states of the European Economic Area who fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus  including “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129)  as amended. This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at  qualified investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation) who: (i) are persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “FSMA Order”); (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) of the FSMA Order; or (iii) are other persons to whom they may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons  together being referred to as “relevant persons”). In the United Kingdom  this Prospectus is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by anyone who is not a relevant person. In the United Kingdom  any investment or investment activity to which this Prospectus relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Danske Bank A/S (“Danske Bank”) and its affiliates is acting exclusively for the Company and no-one else in connection with the Offering. It will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the potential capital raise  the contents of this announcement or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein. In connection with the Offering  Danske Bank and any of its affiliates  acting as investors for their own accounts  may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity may retain  purchase  sell  offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the Offering or otherwise. Accordingly  references in the prospectus  to the securities being issued  offered  subscribed  acquired  placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to  or subscription  acquisition  placing or dealing by  Danske Bank and any of its affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. Danske Bank do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so. Attachment 19_2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Rights issue announcementAll news about GREEN HYDROGEN SYSTEMS A/S 06/13 19/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Rights issue announcement GL 06/09 18/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Notification of transactions by persons discharging ma.. GL 06/07 17/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Notification of transactions by persons discharging ma.. GL 06/07 16/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Capital increase as a result of granting long-term inc.. GL 05/31 Transcript : Green Hydrogen Systems A/S  2023 Guidance/Update Call  May 31  2.. CI 05/31 15/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems adjusts its EBITDA guidance for 2023 GL 05/31 Green Hydrogen Systems A/S Provides Revenue Guidance for 2023 CI 05/26 14/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Notification of transactions by persons discharging ma.. GL 05/02 13/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Notification of transactions by persons discharging ma.. GL 04/25 12/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Grant of performance share units and reporting of mana.. GL Analyst Recommendations on GREEN HYDROGEN SYSTEMS A/S 2022 UBS Initiates Ballard Power Coverage With Neutral Rating  US$6.50 Target MT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.17,0.56,True,English,"['Green Hydrogen Systems', 'Rights issue announcement', 'Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S', 'customary two-day settlement cycle', 'global sustainable energy transition', 'Green Hydrogen Systems A/S', 'APMH Invest A/S', 'multiple email addresses', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension', 'two term loans', 'Sebastian Koks Andreassen', 'total principal amount', 'Danish retail investors', 'one (1) existing share', 'one (1) new share', 'five (5) pre-emptive rights', 'four (4) pre-emptive rights', 'Rights issue announcement', 'aggregate amount', 'potential investors', 'qualified investors', 'existing shareholders', 'new capital', 'new orders', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'investor.greenhydrogen', 'key terms', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'existing shares', 'binding undertakings', 'application form', 'Annex A', 'major shareholders', 'Executive Management', 'key employees', 'business plan', 'earlier time', 'significant player', 'important step', 'product offerings', 'technical organisation', 'commercial rollout', 'adequate capitalisation', '104,296,612 new shares', 'subscription ratio', 'subscription price', 'subscription commitments', 'remaining shares', 'subscription period', 'Company announcement', 'First name', 'SUCH RELEASE', 'nominal value', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'WHICH', 'prospectus', 'Kolding', 'Denmark', 'June', 'initiation', 'DKK', 'website', 'announcements', 'news', 'restrictions', 'case', 'CEST', 'compensation', 'residents', 'use', 'expiry', 'Norlys', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'result', 'completion', 'pace', 'execution', 'CEO', 'ambition', '2026 target', 'revenue', 'development', 'X-Series', 'delivery', 'A-Series', 'customers', 'backlog', '17:00', '09:00']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686825/0/en/19-2023-Green-Hydrogen-Systems-Rights-issue-announcement.html,19/2023 Green Hydrogen Systems - Rights issue announcement,Company announcement 19/2023  NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES ......,"Company announcement 19/2023NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.Green Hydrogen Systems publishes prospectus and initiates rights issueKolding  Denmark  13 June 2023 – Green Hydrogen Systems A/S (“Green Hydrogen Systems” or the “Company”) today announces the initiation of a rights issue (the “Offering”) at a subscription ratio of 5:4 and subscription price of DKK 4.50 per new share. The Offering comprises up to 104 296 612 new shares which are issued with pre-emptive rights to subscribe for the new shares for the Company’s existing shareholders. A prospectus regarding the Offering is available at the Company’s website https://investor.greenhydrogen.dk/announcements-and-news/rights-issue-2023/ (subject to certain restrictions).The key terms of the Offering are:The Offering comprises up to 104 296 612 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 1 each.The subscription price is DKK 4.50 per new share.The gross proceeds of the Offering will be approximately DKK 469 million assuming all new shares are subscribed for in the Offering  in which case the net proceeds will be approximately DKK 429 million.Each of the Company’s existing shareholders will be allocated five (5) pre-emptive rights for each one (1) existing share held.The subscription ratio of the Offering is 5:4  meaning that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share.Existing shares traded after 14 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) will be traded without pre-emptive rights  provided that the existing shares are traded with the customary two-day settlement cycle.The pre-emptive rights can be traded in the period commencing on 15 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) and closing on 28 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST).The subscription period for new shares commences on 19 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) and closes on 30 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST).Any pre-emptive rights that are not exercised during the subscription period will lapse with no value  and the holder of such pre-emptive rights will not be entitled to compensation. Any remaining shares not subscribed for by pre-emptive rights may be subscribed for by existing shareholders  potential investors who are residents of Denmark (Danish retail investors) and/or qualified investors  who have made binding undertakings to subscribe for such shares by use of the application form in Annex A (Application Form) in the prospectus before the expiry of the subscription period.The Company’s major shareholders  Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S  APMH Invest A/S  Norlys a.m.b.a. and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension have undertaken subscription commitments generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately DKK 174 million conditional on the Company raising gross proceeds of DKK 225 million or more in the Offering. Additionally  certain members of the Board of Directors  Executive Management and key employees have severally and not jointly undertaken to exercise allocated pre-emptive rights and/or apply for subscription for remaining shares for an aggregate amount of DKK 4.52 million.If the result of the Offering shows that gross proceeds are less than DKK 225 million  the Company expects to withdraw the Offering immediately before completion. If the Company raises gross proceeds that are less than DKK 469 million (but more than DKK 225 million)  the Company may need to amend its business plan including the pace of execution thereof or raise new capital at an earlier time than what would have otherwise been the case.Moreover  if the Offering is completed raising gross proceeds of DKK 225 million or more  the Company expects to be able to draw on two term loans to be made available by two of the major shareholders  APMH Invest A/S and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension  with a total principal amount of DKK 250 million.Sebastian Koks Andreassen  CEO in Green Hydrogen Systems says: “At Green Hydrogen Systems  we have an ambition to become a significant player in the global sustainable energy transition. Achieving our 2026 target of surpassing DKK 1.2 billion in revenue is an important step towards fulfilling that ambition. To reach that target we need to complete the development of the X-Series and launch it commercially. We need to progress the delivery of the A-Series to our customers and add new orders to our backlog. And we need to continuously optimise our product offerings  strengthen the technical organisation and expand the commercial rollout. We are therefore aiming to raise gross proceeds of DKK 469 million in a rights issue  which also serves to ensure adequate capitalisation of the Company. The rights issue is supported by major shareholders and will be combined with loan facilities of DKK 250 million provided by two of the Company’s major shareholders  APMH Invest A/S and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension. Subject to completing the offering at the targeted amount  we expect to be capitalised to reach important commercial and technical milestones until the end of 2025.”Background to the Offering and use of proceedsThe Offering is intended to contribute to the funding of the Company’s execution of its strategy and thereby enable the Company to reach its commercial and financial targets for the future. In light of the Company's current capitalisation and working capital as well as the importance of complying with a financial covenant  the Company is in actual need of new capital.The Company is targeting gross proceeds from the Offering of up to DKK 469 million with potential net proceeds of up to approximately DKK 429 million (assuming subscription for all new shares and otherwise subject to the assumptions set out in the prospectus). The targeted net proceeds together with the expected proceeds from two term loans of a total principal amount of DKK 250 million from each of APMH Invest A/S and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension  may result in total net proceeds of approximately DKK 679 million (assuming disbursement of the term loans which is subject to certain conditions). The term loans are conditional upon  inter alia  the Company raising gross proceeds in the Offering of DKK 225 million or more and the provision of security by way of a DKK 130 million second priority real property mortgage and a DKK 120 million floating charge. If drawn  the term loans will be subject to a fixed interest rate of 15 per cent p.a. which will be rolled up on a quarterly basis and added to the principal amount of the term loans and will also include certain variable prepayment fees.The Company expects to withdraw the Offering immediately before completion if the Offering results in gross proceeds of less than DKK 225 million. Accordingly  the expected minimum net proceeds in the Offering and from the term loans are DKK 445 million  while the targeted potential net proceeds are approximately DKK 679 million.Assuming realisation of the Company's financial targets for the future  the total net proceeds from the capital increase are targeted at providing the Company with sufficient funds to maintain a strong balance sheet  including to meet possible financial covenants related to its debt arrangements until end of 2025. Around that time  the Company expects to evaluate its capital needs and may seek new capital via external financing and/or by a new capital increase.If the full targeted amount of proceeds is not raised  the Company may need to evaluate its business plan including the pace of execution thereof  and the Company may need to raise new capital at an earlier time than would have otherwise been the case. For example  should a delay in commercial launch of the X-Series coincide with the Company not raising the full targeted amount of proceeds in the Offering or increased expenditure/cash spend (e.g.  increased R&D costs)  the Company may find that it is prudent to seek a new capital raise as early as in the first half of 2024.The proceeds from the Offering and the term loans will in combination with current available funds and debt financing be allocated towards funding growth investments and the operations of the Company as follows:Continued R&D efforts to further increase the system performance of the A-Series product platform and development of the X-Series product platform. Investments to enable product industrialisation and scale-up of the production facilities. Strengthening the balance sheet to fulfil counter guarantees required by customers. Expansion of commercial and organisational ramp-up by attracting the needed and right competences.Support from investors  etc.Certain shareholders (Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S  APMH Invest A/S  Norlys a.m.b.a. and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension) have severally and not jointly undertaken subscription commitments to exercise their allocated pre-emptive rights to subscribe for such number of new shares generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately DKK 174 million. The subscription commitments are conditional on the Company accepting subscription applications for new shares raising gross proceeds of DKK 225 million or more in the Offering.In addition  Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S has entered into a subscription rights transfer agreement with Danske Bank in connection with the Offering. Pursuant to the subscription rights transfer agreement  Danske Bank will receive 74 290 803 pre-emptive rights from Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S  representing the excess pre-emptive rights not required to satisfy Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S's subscription commitment. Subsequently  it is agreed that Danske Bank will seek to sell such part of the acquired pre-emptive rights in the market  utilising the net proceeds from the sale to subscribe for additional new shares. Such shares subscribed for by Danske Bank will then be transferred to Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S upon the completion of the Offering as consideration for the pre-emptive rights acquired by Danske Bank.If the Offering is completed raising gross proceeds of DKK 225 million or more  the Company expects to be able to draw on two term loans provided by APMH Invest A/S and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension  with a total principal amount of DKK 250 million.Additionally  certain members of the Board of Directors  Executive Management and key employees have severally and not jointly undertaken to exercise allocated pre-emptive rights and/or apply for subscription for remaining shares for an aggregate amount of DKK 4.52 million.Prospective financial information and medium-term targetsAs further described in the prospectus  the Company maintains its present prospective financial information for the financial year ending 31 December 2023 as revised on 31 May 2023 (see Company Announcement no. 15/2023) and its medium-term targets as announced on 1 March 2023 (see Company Announcement no. 04/2023).Main terms of the OfferingBelow is a summary of the main terms of the Offering. Reference is made to the prospectus for a detailed description of the terms of the rights issue.The Offering: The Offering comprises up to 104 296 612 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 1 each with pre-emptive rights for the Company’s existing shareholders.Subscription price: The new shares are offered at a subscription price of DKK 4.50 per new share.Subscription ratio: Each existing shareholder of the Company registered as such with Euronext Securities Copenhagen on 16 June 2023 at 17:59 (CEST) will be allocated five (5) pre-emptive rights per one (1) share held. The subscription ratio of the Offering is 5:4 which means that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share with a nominal value of DKK 1 each.Trading in pre-emptive subscription rights: The pre-emptive rights can be traded on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the temporary ISIN code DK0062271631 during the period from 15 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) to 28 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST).Subscription period: The subscription period for the new shares commences on 19 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) and closes on 30 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST). Any pre-emptive rights that are not exercised during this subscription period will lapse with no value  and the holder of such pre-emptive subscription rights will not be entitled to any compensation.Payment and delivery: Upon exercise of the pre-emptive subscriptions  the holder must pay DKK 4.50 per new share subscribed for. Payment for the new shares shall be made in Danish kroner (DKK) on the date of subscription  however  no later than on 30 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST).Remaining shares: Shares not subscribed for by exercise of a pre-emptive right may be subscribed for by existing shareholders  Danish retail investors and/or qualified investors  who before expiry of the subscription period have made binding undertakings to subscribe for the remaining shares according to a separate application form contained in the prospectus. In case of oversubscription of remaining shares  such remaining shares will be allocated according to allocation keys determined by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Offering is not underwritten by the global coordinator.Subscription commitments: Certain shareholders (Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S  APMH Invest A/S  Norlys a.m.b.a. and Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension) have severally and not jointly undertaken subscription commitments to exercise their allocated pre-emptive rights to subscribe for such number of new shares generating gross proceeds to the Company of approximately DKK 174 million in the aggregate.Additionally  certain members of the Board of Directors  Executive Management and key employees have severally and not jointly undertaken to exercise allocated pre-emptive rights and/or apply for subscription for remaining shares for an aggregate amount of DKK 4.52 million.Trading and official listing of new shares: After payment of the subscription price  the new shares will be issued in the temporary ISIN DK0062271631 through Euronext Securities Copenhagen. The temporary ISIN code is registered in Euronext Securities Copenhagen solely for the subscription of the new shares and will not be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen.The new shares will be registered with the Danish Business Authority after the completion of the Offering  expectedly on 6 July 2023. The new shares are expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the permanent ISIN code for the Company’s existing shares DK0061540341 on 10 July 2023. The temporary ISIN code is expected to be merged with the ISIN code of the existing shares on 11 July 2023 after 17:00 (CEST) and be part of the same existing share class.Withdrawal of the Offering: The Offering may be withdrawn by the Company subject to certain conditions before registration of the capital increase relating to the new shares with the Danish Business Authority. The Company expects to withdraw the Offering immediately before completion if the result of the Offering shows that gross proceeds are less than DKK 225 million.If the Offering is withdrawn  any exercise of pre-emptive rights that has already taken place will be cancelled automatically. The subscription amount for the new shares will be refunded (less any transaction costs) to the last registered owner of the new shares as at the date of such withdrawal. All pre-emptive rights will lapse and no new shares will be issued.Trades of pre-emptive rights executed during the rights trading period will  however  not be affected. Consequently  investors who have acquired pre-emptive rights will incur a loss corresponding to the purchase price of the pre-emptive rights and any transaction costs.Investors who have acquired new shares will receive a refund of the subscription price paid for the new shares (less any transaction costs). Consequently  investors who have acquired new shares may incur a loss corresponding to the difference between the purchase price and the subscription price of the new shares and any related transaction costs.The global coordinator is entitled to terminate the rights issue agreement upon the occurrence of certain events and/or circumstances. The rights issue agreement also contains conditions for completion which the Company believes to be customary for offerings such as the Offering  and the completion of the Offering pursuant to the rights issue agreement is subject to compliance with all such conditions in the rights issue agreement. If one or more conditions for completion is not met  the global coordinator may  at its discretion  terminate the rights issue agreement which may accordingly require that the Company withdraws the Offering.The Company is not liable for any losses that investors may suffer as a result of withdrawal of the Offering including  but not limited to  any transaction costs or lost interest.Any such withdrawal will be announced via Nasdaq Copenhagen.Lock-ups: Following the Offering  the Company and certain members of the Board of Directors  Executive Management and key employees will be subject to a 180-day lock-up  subject to certain exceptions.Expected timetable of the OfferingThe timetable for main events relating to the Offering is as follows:Publication of prospectus 13 June 2023 Last day of trading in existing shares including pre-emptive rights1) 14 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) First day of trading in existing shares without pre-emptive rights 15 June 2023 Trading period for (and including listing of) pre-emptive rights to commence 15 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) Allocation time of pre-emptive rights 16 June 2023 at 17:59 (CEST) Subscription period for new shares commences 19 June 2023 at 09:00 (CEST) Closing of trading period for (and last day of trading of) pre-emptive rights 28 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) Closing of subscription period for new shares 30 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) Publication of result of the Offering 4 July 2023 Allocation of new shares not subscribed for by existing shareholders (the “remaining shares”) 4 July 2023 Completion of the Offering  including settlement of the new shares 6 July 2023 Registration of the capital increase regarding the new shares with the Danish Business Authority 6 July 2023 First day of trading and official listing of the new shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the ISIN code of the existing shares 10 July 2023 Merger of the temporary ISIN code and permanent ISIN codes in Euronext Securities Copenhagen 11 July 2023 after 17:00 (CEST)1) Trading in shares after the last trading day in existing shares including pre-emptive rights on 14 June 2023 at 17:00 (CEST) will be exclusive of rights to receive pre-emptive rights for the buyer unless the parties to the trade in question have taken measures to settle the trade in Euronext Securities Copenhagen prior to the allocation time of pre-emptive rights on 16 June 2023 at 17:59 (CEST) and  thus  chosen not to settle according to the customary settlement cycle with settlement two trading days after the transaction date.The timetable above is subject to change. Any such changes will be announced via Nasdaq Copenhagen.Global coordinator and legal advisorsDanske Bank is acting as global coordinator and manager of the Offering. Bech-Bruun Law Firm P/S and Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson (London)  LLP act as Danish and US legal advisors  respectively  to the Company. Plesner Advokatpartnerselskab acts as Danish legal advisor to Danske Bank.ProspectusFollowing publication  the prospectus containing detailed information on the Company and the Offering will  subject to certain restrictions  be available on the Company’s website https://investor.greenhydrogen.dk/announcements-and-news/rights-issue-2023. Apart from information that is expressly incorporated into the prospectus by reference  the content of the Company’s website does not form part of the prospectus.Green Hydrogen Systems in briefGreen Hydrogen Systems is a leading provider of standardised and modular electrolysers to produce green hydrogen solely based on renewable electricity. With its wide range of possible applications  green hydrogen plays a key role in the ongoing fundamental shift in our energy systems towards a net-zero emission society in 2050. As a result  the demand for green hydrogen is surging  requiring a significant scale-up of electrolysis capacity. Founded in 2007 and building on more than 10 years of technology development  Green Hydrogen Systems today has a commercially proven and cost-competitive electrolysis technology endorsed by leading energy  as well as industrial companies.For more info please contact:Investors:Jens Holm Binger  Head of Investor Relations +45 6065 6525  jhb@greenhydrogen.dkMedia:Jesper Buhl  Head of Public Affairs and Media Relations +45 5351 5295  jbu@greenhydrogen.dkImportant noticeThe statements contained in this announcement may include “forward-looking statements” that express expectations as to future events or results. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""estimates""  ""anticipates""  ""projects""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""seeks""  ""should"" or “targets” or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. These statements are based on current expectations and involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. There are a number of factors which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Any of the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements could prove inaccurate or incorrect and therefore any results contemplated in forward-looking statements may not actually be achieved. Nothing contained in this announcement should be construed as a confirmation that the Offering will complete  nor of the deal size or price. Recipients of this announcement are strongly urged not to place undue reliance on any of the statements set forth above. There is no assurance that the targets and expectations described above will materialize or prove to be correct. Because these statements are based on assumptions and/or estimates and are subject to risks and uncertainties  the actual results or outcome could differ materially from those described above.This announcement is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities issued by the Company in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and the announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into such jurisdictions. This announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017  as amended  and nothing herein contains an offering of securities. No one should purchase or subscribe for any securities in the Company  except on the basis of information in any prospectus published by the Company in connection with a potential offering and admission of such securities to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen. Copies of any such prospectus will  following publication be available from the Company's registered office and on the website of the Company.This announcement and the information contained herein are for information purposes only and not for distribution in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia) (the ""United States"") or any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and this announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in such jurisdictions. This document does not constitute  or form part of  an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States. The securities of the Company have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States.In any member state of the European Economic Area  other than Denmark  this announcement is only addressed to and directed at investors in member states of the European Economic Area who fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus  including “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129)  as amended.This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at  qualified investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation) who: (i) are persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “FSMA Order”); (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) of the FSMA Order; or (iii) are other persons to whom they may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons  together being referred to as “relevant persons”). In the United Kingdom  this Prospectus is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by anyone who is not a relevant person. In the United Kingdom  any investment or investment activity to which this Prospectus relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.Danske Bank A/S (“Danske Bank”) and its affiliates is acting exclusively for the Company and no-one else in connection with the Offering. It will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the potential capital raise  the contents of this announcement or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the Offering  Danske Bank and any of its affiliates  acting as investors for their own accounts  may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity may retain  purchase  sell  offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the Offering or otherwise. Accordingly  references in the prospectus  to the securities being issued  offered  subscribed  acquired  placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to  or subscription  acquisition  placing or dealing by  Danske Bank and any of its affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. Danske Bank do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Green Hydrogen Systems', 'Rights issue announcement', 'Nordic Alpha Partners Fund I K/S', 'customary two-day settlement cycle', 'global sustainable energy transition', 'Green Hydrogen Systems A/S', 'APMH Invest A/S', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension', 'two term loans', 'Sebastian Koks Andreassen', 'Danish retail investors', 'total principal amount', 'one (1) existing share', 'one (1) new share', 'five (5) pre-emptive rights', 'four (4) pre-emptive rights', 'rights issue Kolding', 'potential investors', 'qualified investors', 'aggregate amount', 'targeted amount', 'existing shareholders', 'new capital', 'new orders', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'investor.greenhydrogen', 'key terms', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'existing shares', 'binding undertakings', 'application form', 'Annex A', 'major shareholders', 'Executive Management', 'key employees', 'business plan', 'earlier time', 'significant player', 'important step', 'product offerings', 'technical organisation', 'commercial rollout', 'adequate capitalisation', 'loan facilities', '104,296,612 new shares', 'subscription ratio', 'subscription price', 'subscription commitments', 'remaining shares', 'subscription period', 'nominal value', 'Company announcement', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'SUCH', 'prospectus', 'Denmark', 'June', 'initiation', 'DKK', 'website', 'announcements', 'news', 'restrictions', 'case', 'CEST', 'compensation', 'residents', 'use', 'expiry', 'Norlys', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'result', 'completion', 'pace', 'execution', 'CEO', 'ambition', '2026 target', 'revenue', 'development', 'X-Series', 'delivery', 'A-Series', 'customers', 'backlog', '17:00', '09:00']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIDETRADE-S-A-3033378/news/Eqiom-chooses-Sidetrade-s-AI-44102929/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Eqiom chooses Sidetrade's AI,(marketscreener.com) Eqiom  a subsidiary of the Irish group CRH   has chosen Sidetrade  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash solutions. This collaboration will support Eqiom in its transition to a more efficient  digitized process  delivering a bette…,"Eqiom  a subsidiary of the Irish group CRH (Cement Roadstone Holdings)  has chosen Sidetrade   the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash solutions. This collaboration will support Eqiom in its transition to a more efficient  digitized process  delivering a better experience for its customers.Eqiom is a major player in the building materials sector and has selected Sidetrade to complete the digital transformation of its Order-to-Cash processes. Eqiom is established in France and Luxembourg.Thanks to Sidetrade  this subsidiary of the Irish group CRH (Cement Roadstone Holdings) will benefit from real time analysis of its business activities  enabling its sales and finance teams to make more informed decisions and improve the quality of their customer relations. Sidetrade's artificial intelligence  Aimie  also provides recommendations based on a daily analysis of billions of inter-company transactions. These recommendations help Eqiom to anticipate payment behavior and assess customer risk  so it can deploy the best dunning strategies.""Accelerating and securing cash flow is crucial in today's uncertain economic climate  where late payment and non-payment can lead to a difficult situation for companies."" says Pascal Hildwein  CFO of Eqiom. “By choosing Sidetrade and its AI technology  we are strengthening our digital leadership with immediate benefits in terms of instilling cash culture among our staff.""Sidetrade's AI also intelligently automates Order-to-Cash processes  improving productivity and cash flow generation. This enables Eqiom to focus on higher value-added activities  while keeping its operations running smoothly.Sidetrade is delighted to partner with with Eqiom and is committed to providing innovative solutions to support the company's digital transformation. ""We are proud to support Eqiom in its transition to a more efficient digital process "" says Jean-Claude Charpenet  VP Sales Europe at Sidetrade. ""We are convinced that our expertise in data analysis and artificial intelligence will make Eqiom even more competitive in the market.""Eqiom joins a number of international construction players who already rely on Sidetrade to simplify customer payments and continuously increase their Order-to-Cash efficiency.Sidetrade ContactsInvestor Relations Christelle Dhrif 00 33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia Relations Rebecca Parlby 00 44 7824 5055 84 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance  and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Criteo  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Bidfood.Sidetrade is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.About Eqiom ( www.eqiom.com )We are a member of the CRH Group  one of the world's leading manufacturers of building materials. Our products and solutions cover all the needs of the building and civil engineering industries  helping to develop sustainable construction solutions. EQIOM employs some 1 500 professionals in France and Luxembourg  working alongside you to make your projects successful. EQIOM operates in Cement - Aggregates - Concrete - Waste Treatment and Recovery. In 2023  EQIOM was awarded Top Employer certification for the 11th time for the quality of its HR management and acknowledged as a first-class employer thanks to its high-quality working conditions  people management and internal best practices (inclusion  diversity  wellbeing at work  training and skills development).www.eqiom.com Working together for successIn the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.64,0.17,0.19,True,English,"['Eqiom', 'Sidetrade', 'AI', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'best cash collection strategies', 'best dunning strategies', 'internal best practices', 'uncertain economic climate', 'international construction players', 'civil engineering industries', 'high-quality working conditions', 'efficient, digitized process', 'higher value-added activities', 'Top Employer certification', 'Cement Roadstone Holdings', 'working capital management', 'VP Sales Europe', 'sustainable construction solutions', 'efficient digital process', 'real time analysis', 'B2B payment transactions', 'cash flow generation', 'building materials sector', 'customer payment behavior', 'Cash process', 'customer transactions', 'global leader', 'business activities', 'late payment', 'global reach', 'global businesses', '11th time', 'first-class employer', 'daily analysis', 'inter-company transactions', 'data analysis', 'HR management', 'people management', 'Cash solutions', 'cash culture', 'Cash efficiency', 'digital transformation', 'digital leadership', 'customer relations', 'customer risk', 'customer payments', 'Irish group', 'major player', 'finance teams', 'informed decisions', 'artificial intelligence', 'difficult situation', 'Pascal Hildwein', 'immediate benefits', 'innovative solutions', 'Jean-Claude Charpenet', 'Investor Relations', 'Christelle Dhrif', 'Media Relations', 'Rebecca Parlby', 'Euronext Growth', 'SaaS platform', '$4.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '300 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'principles-based approach', 'responsible business', 'leading manufacturers', 'Waste Treatment', 'skills development', 'English versions', 'press release', 'AI technology', 'next-generation AI', '21 million companies', 'French version', 'CRH Group', 'powered Order', 'Sidetrade Contacts', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'Eqiom', 'subsidiary', 'collaboration', 'transition', 'experience', 'customers', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'Aimie', 'recommendations', 'billions', 'today', 'non-payment', 'CFO', 'terms', 'staff', 'productivity', 'operations', 'expertise', 'market', 'number', 'ALBFR', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Houston', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Criteo', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Inmarsat', 'Bidfood', 'participant', 'information', 'Twitter', 'member', 'world', 'products', 'needs', '1,500 professionals', 'projects', 'Concrete', 'Recovery', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'wellbeing', 'training', 'success', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLIMATE-TRANSITION-CAPITA-124221518/news/Climate-Transition-Capital-Acquisition-I-B-CTCA1-Announces-Final-Share-Repurchase-Arrangement-Pric-44102916/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Climate Transition Capital Acquisition I B : CTCA1 Announces Final Share Repurchase Arrangement Price Per Ordinary Share,(marketscreener.com)   NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  SOUTH AFRICA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDI…,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  SOUTH AFRICA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.PRESS RELEASEClimate Transition Capital Acquisition 1 BV announces final share repurchase arrangement price per ordinary shareAmsterdam  13 June 2023Climate Transition Capital Acquisition 1 BV (CTCA1)  a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces the closure of the Share Repurchase Arrangement and final Share Repurchase Arrangement price per Ordinary Share.Further to the launch of the Share Repurchase Arrangement last month and closure of the acceptance period on Friday 9 June 2023  CTCA1 announces that the holders of 18 937 874 of the Ordinary Shares confirmed that they wish to participate in the Share Repurchase Arrangement in accordance with the process outlined by the company in its press release dated 25 May 2023. Accordingly  23 126 Ordinary Shares in the capital of CTCA1 will not be repurchased pursuant to the Share Repurchase Arrangement.PriceIn connection with the Share Repurchase Arrangement  the final gross repurchase price payable is EUR 10.0820 per Ordinary Share. As previously announced  repurchase payments made to Ordinary Shareholders are generally subject to a 15% Dutch dividend withholding tax to the extent that the consideration paid exceeds the average paid-in capital per share (being EUR 9.601 per Ordinary Share) as recognised for Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes. The net repurchase price payable per Ordinary Share will be EUR10.00972. The share repurchase proceeds will be paid to accepting Ordinary Shareholders on 14 June 2023.The repurchase of Ordinary Shares held by an Ordinary Shareholder who has accepted the Share Repurchase Arrangement does not trigger the repurchase of any Warrants held by that Ordinary Shareholder. There will be no distribution of proceeds or otherwise with respect to any of the Warrants  which will automatically expire without value upon the failure by the Company to complete a Business Combination. The last day to trade Warrants is expected to be 22 June 2023.Shareholders who have not participated in the Share Repurchase Arrangement are dependent on the dissolution and liquidation of the Company to receive any repayment in respect of their Ordinary Shares. Such amount may be less than  and will be paid later than  that available under the Share Repurchase Arrangement.At the IPO in July 2021 CTCA1 issued ""Units"" for a consideration of EUR 10.00 per Unit. Each Unit entitled the holder to 1 Ordinary Share and⅓ of a Warrant. CTCA1 performed a fair value assessment at the time which established the €10.00 per Unit split EUR 9.60 per ordinary Share and EUR 0.40 per ⅓ Warrant (EUR 1.20 per warrant). Further details can be found in CTCA1's Annual Report and Financial Statements for 2021 and 2022.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.09,0.69,True,English,"['Final Share Repurchase Arrangement Price', 'Climate Transition Capital Acquisition', 'Ordinary Share', 'CTCA1', 'Climate Transition Capital Acquisition 1 BV', 'final share repurchase arrangement price', 'final gross repurchase price', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'net repurchase price', 'fair value assessment', 'share repurchase proceeds', 'repurchase payments', 'ordinary share', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'acceptance period', '15% Dutch dividend', 'Business Combination', 'last day', 'Such amount', 'Further details', 'Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'tax purposes', 'Shareholders', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', '13 June', 'SPAC', 'launch', 'Friday', '9 June', 'CTCA1', 'accordance', 'process', '25 May', 'connection', 'extent', 'consideration', '14 June', 'Warrants', 'respect', 'failure', 'dissolution', 'liquidation', 'repayment', 'IPO', 'July', 'Units', 'time', '⅓ Warrant', '2021']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2687421/0/en/Eqiom-chooses-Sidetrade-s-AI.html,Eqiom chooses Sidetrade's AI,Eqiom  a subsidiary of the Irish group CRH (Cement Roadstone Holdings)  has chosen Sidetrade  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash solutions. This collaboration will support Eqiom in its transition to a more efficient  digitized process  delivering…,"French EnglishEqiom  a subsidiary of the Irish group CRH (Cement Roadstone Holdings)  has chosen Sidetrade   the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash solutions. This collaboration will support Eqiom in its transition to a more efficient  digitized process  delivering a better experience for its customers.Eqiom is a major player in the building materials sector and has selected Sidetrade to complete the digital transformation of its Order-to-Cash processes. Eqiom is established in France and Luxembourg.Thanks to Sidetrade  this subsidiary of the Irish group CRH (Cement Roadstone Holdings) will benefit from real time analysis of its business activities  enabling its sales and finance teams to make more informed decisions and improve the quality of their customer relations. Sidetrade's artificial intelligence  Aimie  also provides recommendations based on a daily analysis of billions of inter-company transactions. These recommendations help Eqiom to anticipate payment behavior and assess customer risk  so it can deploy the best dunning strategies.""Accelerating and securing cash flow is crucial in today's uncertain economic climate  where late payment and non-payment can lead to a difficult situation for companies."" says Pascal Hildwein  CFO of Eqiom. “By choosing Sidetrade and its AI technology  we are strengthening our digital leadership with immediate benefits in terms of instilling cash culture among our staff.""Sidetrade's AI also intelligently automates Order-to-Cash processes  improving productivity and cash flow generation. This enables Eqiom to focus on higher value-added activities  while keeping its operations running smoothly.Sidetrade is delighted to partner with with Eqiom and is committed to providing innovative solutions to support the company's digital transformation. ""We are proud to support Eqiom in its transition to a more efficient digital process "" says Jean-Claude Charpenet  VP Sales Europe at Sidetrade. ""We are convinced that our expertise in data analysis and artificial intelligence will make Eqiom even more competitive in the market.""Eqiom joins a number of international construction players who already rely on Sidetrade to simplify customer payments and continuously increase their Order-to-Cash efficiency.Sidetrade ContactsInvestor Relations Christelle Dhrif 00 33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia Relations Rebecca Parlby 00 44 7824 5055 84 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance  and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Criteo  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Bidfood.Sidetrade is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.About Eqiom ( www.eqiom.com )We are a member of the CRH Group  one of the world's leading manufacturers of building materials. Our products and solutions cover all the needs of the building and civil engineering industries  helping to develop sustainable construction solutions. EQIOM employs some 1 500 professionals in France and Luxembourg  working alongside you to make your projects successful. EQIOM operates in Cement - Aggregates - Concrete - Waste Treatment and Recovery. In 2023  EQIOM was awarded Top Employer certification for the 11th time for the quality of its HR management and acknowledged as a first-class employer thanks to its high-quality working conditions  people management and internal best practices (inclusion  diversity  wellbeing at work  training and skills development).www.eqiom.com Working together for successIn the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.66,0.19,0.15,True,English,"['Eqiom', 'Sidetrade', 'AI', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'best cash collection strategies', 'best dunning strategies', 'internal best practices', 'uncertain economic climate', 'international construction players', 'civil engineering industries', 'high-quality working conditions', 'efficient, digitized process', 'higher value-added activities', 'Top Employer certification', 'Cement Roadstone Holdings', 'working capital management', 'VP Sales Europe', 'sustainable construction solutions', 'efficient digital process', 'real time analysis', 'B2B payment transactions', 'cash flow generation', 'building materials sector', 'customer payment behavior', 'Cash process', 'customer transactions', 'global leader', 'business activities', 'late payment', 'global reach', 'global businesses', '11th time', 'first-class employer', 'daily analysis', 'inter-company transactions', 'data analysis', 'HR management', 'people management', 'Cash solutions', 'cash culture', 'Cash efficiency', 'digital transformation', 'digital leadership', 'customer relations', 'customer risk', 'customer payments', 'Irish group', 'major player', 'finance teams', 'informed decisions', 'artificial intelligence', 'difficult situation', 'Pascal Hildwein', 'immediate benefits', 'innovative solutions', 'Jean-Claude Charpenet', 'Investor Relations', 'Christelle Dhrif', 'Media Relations', 'Rebecca Parlby', 'Euronext Growth', 'SaaS platform', '$4.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '300 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'principles-based approach', 'responsible business', 'leading manufacturers', 'Waste Treatment', 'skills development', 'English versions', 'press release', 'French English', 'French version', 'AI technology', 'next-generation AI', '21 million companies', 'CRH Group', 'powered Order', 'Sidetrade Contacts', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'Eqiom', 'subsidiary', 'collaboration', 'transition', 'experience', 'customers', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'Aimie', 'recommendations', 'billions', 'today', 'non-payment', 'CFO', 'terms', 'staff', 'productivity', 'operations', 'expertise', 'market', 'number', 'ALBFR', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Houston', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Criteo', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Inmarsat', 'Bidfood', 'participant', 'information', 'Twitter', 'member', 'world', 'products', 'needs', '1,500 professionals', 'projects', 'Concrete', 'Recovery', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'wellbeing', 'training', 'success', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/Atari-is-Releasing-a-2600-Version-of-Mr-Run-and-Jump-mdash-The-First-New-Atari-Game-on-a-2600-Car-44102231/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Atari is Releasing a 2600 Version of Mr. Run and Jump — The First New Atari Game on a 2600 Cartridge in 32 Years,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  June 13  2023 -- Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — announced that arcade platforming action is returning to its roots! Unveiled today  an Atari 2600 version of the …,NEW YORK  June 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Atari ® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — announced that arcade platforming action is returning to its roots! Unveiled today  an Atari 2600 version of the recently revealed adventure platformer  Mr. Run and Jump   will open for preorder on July 31. This official release marks a significant milestone steeped in retro history: the first 2600 cartridge launch for a new Atari title since 1990!Mr. Run and Jump was created in 2021 by John Mikula  a talented developer at the St. Louis-based indie studio Graphite Lab. Its meticulously crafted platforming mechanics showcase the enduring capabilities of the 2600 hardware  even four decades after its initial release.Made in the United States with high-quality materials  each Mr. Run and Jump cartridge comes sealed with a high-quality box  a 2600 game cartridge  and an instruction manual. Cartridges are manufactured to exacting standards from all new parts and materials  with beveled edges to prevent pin damage  strong gold-plated connectors  and identical power draw to the originals.Preorders for the collectible cartridges will open on atari.com on July 31  2023  for $59.99. Additional distribution will be announced at a later date. Sign up now to be the first to know when preorders open.About Mr. Run and Jump 2600 : a simple yet challenging 2D platformer originally developed for the Atari 2600 video game console. While it was built to run on old hardware  Mr. Run and Jump is a brand-new game designed to be approachable to all players. Leap  the dog  has begun wandering toward the Dark Realm  and if he ventures too far  he’ll never be able to find his way back! It’s up to Mr. Run and Jump to save his best friend before it’s too late!Key Features:Over 80 screens of platforming action across six colorful worldsBound over obstacles and dodge 5 distinct enemy typesA unique scoring system: You start with 25000 points. For each second that elapses  your score will decrease by 1. Colliding with an enemy will decrease your score by 100.Compete with your friends to see who can get the highest score!Mr. Run and Jump for PC and Console: The teams at Atari and Graphite Lab were so enamored with the 2600 title that they joined forces to create a modern rendition of Mr. Run and Jump. The modern version is a glowing explosion of color  action  and personality  with challenging levels  collectibles  hidden rooms  and more than 30 hours of gameplay  and added Time Trials make it a speedrunners paradise.Developed by Graphite Lab and Heavy Horse Games  Mr. Run and Jump launches later this summer on Windows PC via Steam and Epic  Nintendo Switch  PlayStation 4/5  Xbox One and Series X|S  and Atari VCS. To learn more please visit: https://atari.com/products/mr-run-and-jumpTo stay up-to-date on all things Atari and retro-pop culture  follow on Facebook   Twitter   Instagram   YouTube   and join the community on Discord .A press kit including key art  screenshots  logos  and videos is available here: https://uberstrategist.link/mr-run-and-jump-presskit .About AtariAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment  and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com.Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.About Graphite LabFounded in 2009  Graphite Lab is led by owner and Studio Director Matt Raithel. The independent video game development studio produces hit titles featuring some of the world’s most visible and iconic brands. Graphite Lab specializes in bringing brands to life in fun and entertaining ways  including recent releases on PC  consoles  and mobile platforms. Graphite Lab is headquartered at 650 Maryville University Dr in St. Louis  Mo. For more information visit graphitelab.com .,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.07,0.02,0.92,True,English,"['First New Atari Game', 'Mr. Run', '2600 Version', 'Jump', 'The', '2600 Cartridge', '32 Years', 'St. Louis-based indie studio Graphite Lab', 'independent video game development studio', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'Atari 2600 video game console', 'strong gold-plated connectors', 'six colorful worlds', 'Series X|S', '650 Maryville University Dr', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'unique scoring system', 'Heavy Horse Games', 'first 2600 cartridge launch', 'iconic consumer brands', 'challenging 2D platformer', '5 distinct enemy types', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'interactive entertainment company', 'arcade platforming action', 'Studio Director', 'new Atari title', '2600 game cartridge', 'new game', '200 unique games', 'iconic brands', 'adventure platformer', 'platforming mechanics', 'challenging levels', 'Atari Interactive', 'NEW YORK', 'new parts', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Mr. Run', 'official release', 'significant milestone', 'retro history', 'John Mikula', 'talented developer', 'enduring capabilities', 'initial release', 'United States', 'high-quality box', 'instruction manual', 'exacting standards', 'identical power', 'Additional distribution', 'later date', 'simple yet', 'Dark Realm', 'best friend', 'Key Features', 'modern rendition', 'modern version', 'glowing explosion', 'hidden rooms', 'Time Trials', 'speedrunners paradise', 'Nintendo Switch', 'Xbox One', 'retro-pop culture', 'press kit', 'key art', 'world-renowned brands', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ALATA', 'Matt Raithel', 'hit titles', 'entertaining ways', 'recent releases', 'mobile platforms', 'Atari 2600 version', 'atari.com', 'Atari VCS', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'high-quality materials', 'collectible cartridges', 'old hardware', 'licensed products', 'Jump cartridge', 'highest score', 'Windows PC', '2600 title', 'Atari ®', '2600 hardware', 'roots', 'preorder', 'July', 'edges', 'pin', 'damage', 'originals', 'players', 'Leap', 'dog', 'Over', '80 screens', 'Bound', 'obstacles', '25000 points', 'second', 'friends', 'teams', 'forces', 'personality', 'collectibles', '30 hours', 'gameplay', 'Steam', 'Epic', 'PlayStation', 'things', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'community', 'Discord', 'screenshots', 'logos', 'videos', 'presskit', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'Pong', 'offices', 'France', 'trademarks', 'owner', 'visible', 'life', 'fun', 'consoles', 'Mo.', 'information', 'graphitelab']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686788/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6826 £ 23.6272 Estimated MTD return -0.27 % -0.22 % Estimated YTD return -3.91 % -3.27 % Estimated ITD return 166.83 % 136.27 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.55 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.58 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.2918 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.1526The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-44096567/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6826 £ 23.6272 Estimated MTD return -0.27 % -0.22 % Estimated YTD return -3.91 % -3.27 % Estimated ITD return 166.83 % 136.27 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.55 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.58 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.2918 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.1526The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/U-S-FDA-approves-Bylvay-for-patients-living-with-cholestatic-pruritus-due-to-Alagille-syndrome-44103477/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,U.S. FDA approves Bylvay® for patients living with cholestatic pruritus due to Alagille syndrome,(marketscreener.com) Approval heralds the second rare cholestatic liver disease indication for Bylvay in the U.S. after progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis related pruritus in 2021 Immediate U.S. commercial launch and availability for eligible patie…,Approval heralds the second rare cholestatic liver disease indication for Bylvay in the U.S. after progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis related pruritus in 2021Immediate U.S. commercial launch and availability for eligible patientsASSERT clinical study demonstrated efficacy of Bylvay in improvement of pruritus. Also showed improvement in certain sleep disturbances and reduction in bile acids – which were secondary endpoints – with a low drug-related diarrhea rate in patients with Alagille syndromeCommittee for Medicinal Products for Human Use opinion expected in Q2 2023 with final European Medicines Agency decision in second half of 2023PARIS  FRANCE  13 June 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN: ADR: IPSEY) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Bylvay® (odevixibat) for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients from 12 months of age with Alagille syndrome (ALGS). Bylvay is a once-daily  non-systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor (IBATi) that acts locally in the small intestine and has minimal systemic exposure. Bylvay was approved as the first drug treatment option for patients living with cholestatic pruritus due to progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis (PFIC) in the U.S.  and for the treatment of PFIC in Europe  in 2021. Bylvay is immediately available via prescription for eligible ALGS patients.“Today’s approval of Bylvay in a second indication allows patients and physicians to access an additional treatment option that has the potential to improve the management of pruritus  or intense itch  in this distressing condition that tends to affect young children ” said Howard Mayer  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development for Ipsen. “We are proud to have achieved FDA approval for Bylvay as a treatment for ALGS in the U.S. and we are committed to making it available to many more eligible patients across the world.”Positive data from the Phase III ASSERT study  presented at the 2022 American Association for Study of Liver Diseases congress  demonstrated that Bylvay provided highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful sustained improvements in pruritus  starting early after initiation of treatment. More than 90% of patients were pruritus responders (≥ 1 point change at any time during 24 weeks). The overall incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events was similar to placebo. No patients discontinued the study and 96% of patients rolled over into the open-label extension study.“Physicians urgently need more options to treat patients with Alagille syndrome and this approval from the U.S. FDA spotlights the robustness of the Phase III ASSERT clinical study results ” said Nadia Ovchinsky  MD  Chief of the Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology  Hassenfeld Children's Hospital at NYU Langone and ASSERT Principal Investigator. “The ASSERT study showed that Bylvay reduced pruritus associated with ALGS  which is so common among this patient population and one of the leading indications for a liver transplant.”Roberta Smith  President  Alagille Syndrome Alliance said: “As an advocate for families impacted by Alagille syndrome  it is such a blessing to know physicians now have another drug treatment option for the debilitating pruritus that affects so many Alagille patients. I know personally the terrible impact of this rare disease on a child; this approval will help to alleviate the pruritus burden for more patients.”Ipsen has also submitted Bylvay to the European Medicines Agency (EMA)  seeking authorization for ALGS  with Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use opinion expected in Q2 2023 and final EMA regulatory decision anticipated in second half of 2023. Bylvay has received orphan exclusivity for the treatment of PFIC  and Orphan Drug Designations for the treatment of ALGS and biliary atresia  in the U.S. and Europe. Bylvay is already approved in the U.S. for the treatment of pruritus in patients aged three months and older with all types of PFIC  and in Europe for the treatment of all types of PFIC in patients aged six months or older. In a third indication  the rare pediatric cholestatic liver disease  biliary atresia  Bylvay is in late-stage development with the Phase III BOLD trial.ENDSAbout Bylvay® (odevixibat)Bylvay is a potent  once-daily  non-systemic IBATi that acts locally in the small intestine and has minimal systemic exposure. It is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of pruritus in patients three months of age and older with PFIC  where it has orphan exclusivity. Bylvay was first launched as a treatment option for patients with PFIC in the U.S. in 2021  where it is supported by a program designed to assist with access to treatment and patient support. Bylvay is also approved in the E.U. for the treatment of PFIC in patients aged six months or older. It has launched in over nine countries and has secured public reimbursement across several major markets including Germany  Italy  the U.K.  France and Belgium.View full U.S. prescribing information here: Ipsen.comView full E.U. prescribing information here: Bylvay  INN-odevixibat (europa.eu)Important Safety InformationPFIC: The most common adverse reactions are diarrhea  liver test abnormalities  vomiting  abdominal pain  and fat-soluble vitamin deficiency.ALGS: The most common adverse reactions are diarrhea  abdominal pain  hematoma  and weight decrease.Liver Test Abnormalities: Patients should obtain baseline liver tests and monitor during treatment. Dose reduction or treatment interruption may be required if abnormalities occur. For persistent or recurrent liver test abnormalities  consider treatment discontinuation.Diarrhea: Treat dehydration. Treatment interruption or discontinuation may be required for persistent diarrhea.Fat-Soluble Vitamin (FSV) Deficiency: Patient should obtain baseline vitamin levels and monitor during treatment. Supplement if deficiency is observed. If FSV deficiency persists or worsens despite FSV supplementation  discontinue treatment.ALGSALGS is an inherited rare  genetic disorder that can affect multiple organ systems in the body including the liver  heart  skeleton  eyes and kidneys. Liver damage may result from having fewer than normal  narrowed or malformed bile ducts  which leads to toxic bile acid build-up  which in turn can cause scarring and progressive liver disease.1 Approximately 95% of patients with the condition present with chronic cholestasis  usually within the first few months of life and as many as 88% also present with severe  intractable pruritus.2 3 The estimated global incidence of ALGS is 3 in 100 000 live births.4 Currently in the U.S.  it is estimated that there are 1 300 patients who may be eligible for IBATi treatment.ASSERT Phase III Clinical Trial DataASSERT is a double-blind  randomized  placebo-controlled trial designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of 120 µg /kg/day Bylvay for 24 weeks in relieving pruritus in patients with ALGS with 32 sites across North America  Europe  Middle East  and Asia Pacific. The trial enrolled patients aged 0 to 17 years of age with a genetically confirmed diagnosis of ALGS. In the primary analysis  the study met the primary endpoint showing highly statistically significant improvement in pruritus as measured by the PRUCISION Observer-Reported Outcome scratching score (0-4 point scale)  from baseline at month 6 (weeks 21 to 24)  compared to the placebo arm (p=0.002). More than 90% of patients were pruritus responders (≥ 1 point change at any time during 24 weeks). The study also met the key secondary endpoint showing a highly statistically significant reduction in serum bile acid concentration from baseline to the average of weeks 20 and 24 (compared to the placebo arm p=0.001). Statistically significant improvements in multiple sleep parameters were observed as early as weeks 1-4 compared to patients on placebo with continued improvement through week 24. In the study  there were no patient discontinuations and 96% of patients rolled over into the open-label extension study. Bylvay had an overall adverse event incidence similar to placebo and a low incidence of drug-related diarrhea (11.4% vs. 5.9% placebo).About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 400 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:Ipsen ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193Nicolas BoglerInvestor Relations Manager+33 6 52 19 98 92Media Anna GibbinsGlobal Head of Franchise Communications Rare Disease+44 (0)7717801900Amy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy & Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Alagille syndrome- about the disease. Genetic and rare diseases information center. https://rare-diseases.info.nih.gov/diseases/804/alagille-syndrome Singh S P.Euroasian J Hepatogastroenterol. 2018;8(2):140-147 Feldman A G. Neoreviews 2013;14 (2): e63–e73 Leonard L. European Journal of Human Genetics. 2014; 22:435Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.07,mixed,0.44,0.06,0.51,True,English,"['U.S. FDA', 'cholestatic pruritus', 'Alagille syndrome', 'Bylvay®', 'patients', 'systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor', 'Phase III ASSERT clinical study results', 'second rare cholestatic liver disease indication', 'rare pediatric cholestatic liver disease', 'final European Medicines Agency decision', 'Immediate U.S. commercial launch', 'full U.S. prescribing information', 'Phase III BOLD trial', 'Phase III ASSERT study', 'progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis', 'low drug-related diarrhea rate', 'final EMA regulatory decision', 'full E.U. pres', 'first drug treatment option', 'Liver Diseases congress', 'minimal systemic exposure', 'Human Use opinion', 'treatment-emergent adverse events', 'Orphan Drug Designations', 'several major markets', 'rare disease', 'open-label extension study', 'U.S. Food', 'Executive Vice President', 'Alagille Syndrome Alliance', 'additional treatment option', 'U.S. FDA', 'Alagille syndrome Committee', 'second indication', 'liver transplant', 'many Alagille patients', 'third indication', 'cholestatic pruritus', 'second half', 'Drug Administration', 'eligible ALGS patients', 'systemic IBATi', 'U.K.', 'sleep disturbances', 'secondary endpoints', 'Medicinal Products', 'small intestine', 'intense itch', 'distressing condition', 'young children', 'Howard Mayer', 'Positive data', '2022 American Association', '≥ 1 point change', 'overall incidence', 'Nadia Ovchinsky', 'Hassenfeld Children', 'NYU Langone', 'Principal Investigator', 'patient population', 'leading indications', 'Roberta Smith', 'terrible impact', 'biliary atresia', 'patient support', 'nine countries', 'public reimbursement', 'eligible patients', 'late-stage development', 'three months', 'pruritus responders', 'debilitating pruritus', 'pruritus burden', 'FDA approval', '12 months', 'Bylvay', 'availability', 'efficacy', 'improvement', 'reduction', 'acids', 'Q2', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '13 June', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'odevixibat', 'PFIC', 'prescription', 'Today', 'physicians', 'potential', 'management', 'Head', 'Research', 'world', 'significant', 'meaningful', 'initiation', 'More', 'time', '24 weeks', 'placebo', 'options', 'robustness', 'MD', 'Chief', 'Division', 'Gastroenterology', 'Hepatology', 'Hospital', 'advocate', 'families', 'blessing', 'authorization', 'exclusivity', 'types', 'ENDS', 'program', 'access', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2687541/0/en/Eviden-launches-AIsaac-Cyber-Mesh-strengthened-by-AWS-for-reinforced-cyber-resilience.html,Eviden launches “AIsaac Cyber Mesh”  strengthened by AWS  for reinforced cyber resilience,Press Release  Eviden launches “AIsaac Cyber Mesh”  strengthened by AWS  for reinforced cyber resilience  “re:Inforce”  Anaheim  California and Paris ......,English FrenchPress ReleaseEviden launches “AIsaac Cyber Mesh”  strengthened by AWS  for reinforced cyber resilience“re:Inforce”  Anaheim  California and Paris  France – June 13  2023 – Eviden  an Atos business  a leader in digital  cloud  big data and security  today announces AIsaac Cyber Mesh  a next generation of cybersecurity detection and response  reinforced by Amazon Web Services (AWS) Security Data Lake and powered by generative AI technologies. AIsaac Cyber Mesh offers an advanced end-to-end detection  response  and recovery solution  built on a cybersecurity mesh-enabled architecture1 using generative AI and predictive analytics.Combined with Amazon Security Lake  which centralizes data from multiple sources including on-premises and custom sources  AIsaac Cyber Mesh enables businesses to have a more complete understanding of the scope and impact of security incidents. This powerful use of Eviden’s AI-powered cyber mesh on top of AWS services enables faster and more accurate alert detection that increases rapid response times and reinforces cyber resilience across enterprise digital estates.AIsaac Cyber Mesh leverages Eviden’s proven  award-winning Managed Detection & Response (MDR) service capability and includes AWS services that drive the creation and use of generative AI  such as Amazon Bedrock.This solution is part of AWS’ new Strategic Partner Security Initiative  which aims to develop end-to-end security solutions and managed services jointly with global systems integrators (GSIs) that are members of the AWS Partner Network  by leveraging their capabilities  scale and deep security knowledge.Key benefits of AIsaac Cyber Mesh:Anticipate and neutralize threats : Predict and identify potential threats before they occur using hyper-threat intelligence customized to each business environment with industry specific AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) models for fine-grained threat anticipation.: Predict and identify potential threats before they occur using hyper-threat intelligence customized to each business environment with industry specific AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) models for fine-grained threat anticipation. Enhance cyber resilience: Businesses can reduce downtime even in the most aggressive attack scenarios by rapidly recovering business-critical systems and data.Businesses can reduce downtime even in the most aggressive attack scenarios by rapidly recovering business-critical systems and data. Effectively manage exposure : Identify and fix exposures across a digital estate before attackers can exploit them. Assist with maintaining regulatory compliance by pinpointing and mitigating vulnerabilities.: Identify and fix exposures across a digital estate before attackers can exploit them. Assist with maintaining regulatory compliance by pinpointing and mitigating vulnerabilities. Automate cognitive response: Mitigates breaches despite the most complex attacks by containing threats and automating responses using sophisticated algorithms that complement human responders.Mitigates breaches despite the most complex attacks by containing threats and automating responses using sophisticated algorithms that complement human responders. Transition from mess to mesh : Use mesh architecture to leverage security features and data from existing security product investments to amplify outcomes and benefits.: Use mesh architecture to leverage security features and data from existing security product investments to amplify outcomes and benefits. Visualize business risks : Organizations can gain insight into their security posture with business context and identify and prioritize potential risks.: Organizations can gain insight into their security posture with business context and identify and prioritize potential risks. Access to cutting-edge innovation: The Cyber Mesh will enable customers to access the potential of Eviden’s ongoing proprietary innovation streams  while also leveraging pioneering startups in its renowned accelerator program  Scaler  so that they may benefit from the most advanced cybersecurity solutions of today and tomorrow.Jean-Philippe Poirault  CEO Big Data and Security  Eviden  Atos Group said “As businesses’ digital estates become increasingly complex  the risk of cyber threats  and effective anticipation and management of these  becomes more and more challenging. We are delighted to bring together the expertise and capabilities of AWS and Eviden with AIsaac Cyber Mesh - a purpose-built  end-to-end cyber resilience solution that offers businesses a cohesive way to manage  detect and recover from security threats and cyber-attacks.”Antonio Alonso Lopez  Director of Partner Sales  EMEA  AWS said “With the rapid evolution of technology  companies should have an end-to-end cybersecurity strategy that enables them to innovate confidently. Reinforced by Amazon Security Lake and Eviden’s Gen AI services  AIsaac will handle detection  investigation  and responses to cyber threats so companies can focus on achieving their business objectives.”A Leader in European Managed Security Services (MSS) 2  Eviden is a digital services powerhouse with 6 500 dedicated security experts and 16 next-generation global Security Operations Centers (SOC) operating 24/7/365  as well as its award-winning AI cybersecurity mesh platform AIsaac Cyber Mesh.AWS and Eviden have a long and successful history. Atos has been collaborating with AWS since 2013 to bring together market-leading technologies for cloud deployments. Atos was named AWS Global Systems Integrator (GSI) Partner of the Year EMEA in 2022. Through the Atos Group  Eviden has more than 3 400 active AWS certifications  16 AWS competencies (including Level 1 Managed Security Service Provider) and more than 50 joint customer launches. Eviden has been a launch partner for several security programs from AWS  including the Amazon Security Lake and AWS KMS External Key Store (XKS).AIsaac Cyber Mesh will be available from the end of H2. For more information https://page.eviden.com/aisaac-cyber-mesh***About Eviden3Eviden designs the scope composed of Atos’ digital  cloud  big data and security business lines. It will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a next generation digital business with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 57 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Eviden is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactsGlobal: Lucie Duchateau – lucie.duchateau@atos.net - +33 (0) 7 62 85 35 10Global: Laura Fau – laura.fau@atos.net – +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 18North America: Maggie Wainscott – maggie.wainscott@atos.net1 Cybersecurity mesh  or cybersecurity mesh architecture (CSMA)  is a collaborative ecosystem of tools and controls to secure a modern  distributed enterprise. Access full description by Gartner here.2 Report: “IDC MarketScape: European Managed Security Services 2022 Vendor Assessment” (document #EUR146178820  January 2022)3Eviden business is operated through the following brands: Alia Consulting  AppCentrica  ATHEA  Atos Syntel  Bull  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  digital.security  Eagle Creek  EcoAct  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  IDnomic  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Miner & Kasch  Motiv  Nimbix  Processia  Profit4SF  science+computing  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion  zDataEviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.13,0.74,True,English,"['AIsaac Cyber Mesh', 'cyber resilience', 'Eviden', 'AWS', 'AWS’ new Strategic Partner Security Initiative', 'Artificial Intelligence Markup Language', 'ongoing proprietary innovation streams', 'existing security product investments', 'proven, award-winning Managed Detection', 'AWS) Security Data Lake', 'end cyber resilience solution', 'AWS Partner Network', 'MDR) service capability', 'industry specific AIML', 'aggressive attack scenarios', 'renowned accelerator program', 'Antonio Alonso Lopez', 'Amazon Security Lake', 'cybersecurity mesh-enabled architecture1', 'deep security knowledge', 'fine-grained threat anticipation', 'AI-powered cyber mesh', 'enterprise digital estates', 'The Cyber Mesh', 'global systems integrators', 'advanced cybersecurity solutions', 'accurate alert detection', 'AIsaac Cyber Mesh', 'end security solutions', 'end cybersecurity strategy', 'Amazon Web Services', 'CEO Big Data', 'rapid response times', 'Gen AI services', 'businesses’ digital estates', 'Partner Sales', 'hyper-threat intelligence', 'cutting-edge innovation', 'cybersecurity detection', 'advanced end', 'security incidents', 'Amazon Bedrock', 'security features', 'security posture', 'AWS services', 'mesh architecture', 'effective anticipation', 'rapid evolution', 'digital, cloud', 'security threats', 'cyber threats', 'recovery solution', 'business-critical systems', 'English French', 'Press Release', 'Atos business', 'next generation', 'predictive analytics', 'multiple sources', 'custom sources', 'complete understanding', 'business environment', 'regulatory compliance', 'complex attacks', 'sophisticated algorithms', 'human responders', 'business risks', 'business context', 'pioneering startups', 'Jean-Philippe Poirault', 'Atos Group', 'cohesive way', 'business objectives', 'potential risks', 'AI technologies', 'cognitive response', 'powerful use', 'potential threats', 'Key benefits', 'Eviden', 'Inforce', 'Anaheim', 'California', 'Paris', 'France', 'June', 'leader', 'premises', 'scope', 'impact', 'top', 'faster', 'creation', 'GSIs', 'members', 'capabilities', 'scale', 'models', 'downtime', 'exposure', 'attackers', 'vulnerabilities', 'breaches', 'responses', 'Transition', 'mess', 'outcomes', 'Organizations', 'insight', 'Access', 'customers', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'management', 'expertise', 'cyber-attacks', 'Director', 'EMEA', 'technology', 'companies', 'investigation']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-N-V-13074772/news/Haikenen-Aineken-Heineken-Spelling-it-correctly-won-t-create-good-times-but-the-world-s-most-in-44097944/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Haikenen? Aineken? Heineken®? Spelling it correctly won't create good times  but the world's most international beer brand knows what can,(marketscreener.com) Heineken® is marking its 150th Anniversary with an unconventional celebration that prioritises good times over getting it right AMSTERDAM  June 13  2023 -- Heineken®  one of the world’s most recognised beer brands  is today marking its 15…,"Heineken® is marking its 150th Anniversary with an unconventional celebration that prioritises good times over getting it rightAMSTERDAM  June 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Heineken®  one of the world’s most recognised beer brands  is today marking its 150th anniversary with an unconventional celebration of the many ways the brand has been nicknamed  misspelled or mis-served over the years  all to showcase how good times and sparking true connections over a beer are  in the end  what matters most.Freddy Heineken’s famous words “I don’t sell beer  I sell gezelligheid” have never rung so true. “Gezelligheid” translated is that feeling of good times  something that has been at the heart of the Heineken® brand for the last 150 years. To celebrate this milestone anniversary  Heineken® is putting good times front and centre of its global birthday festivities.Of course  good times have changed over the 150 years of Heineken®’s existence and will continue to do so  but their importance in people’s lives have not. Recognising this and as part of the anniversary celebration  the Heineken® brand has worked with academics to better understand the ingredients that are needed to deliver that feeling of “good times” in the modern day; a surprisingly under-studied human need.Marking a turning point in the brand’s history  Heineken® has decided to evolve the way it measures success – focusing not just on the volume of beer it sells but also the good times it delivers for its customers in over 190 countries.To do this  Heineken® has collaborated with behavioural scientist Dr Chris Brauer  Goldsmiths  University of London  to create the 'Good Times Index'  a new brand measurement model which will score the brand’s contribution to creating the perfect conditions for good times. Through human behavioural research  the index has identified five core conditions that people universally need to experience good times  including open-mindedness  inclusivity  and human connection:With the Good Times Index in place  Heineken® is staying true to its vision by becoming the first beer brand to officially have “delivering good times” as part of the way it measures its annual performance – alongside sales and other brand tracking metrics.Bram Westenbrink  Global Head  Heineken® Brand  said: “Brewing good times has been in our DNA for 150 years. That is why we are evolving our brand metrics to show that creating good times is equally as important as the beer we produce. By better understanding the conditions behind good times in today’s world  we can continue to create experiences for all our global customers that promote that feeling of gezelligheid – whether that is through the messages in our advertising  our sponsorships and events or of course our range of products including our non-alcoholic Heineken® 0.0 or our more modern flavoured Heineken® Silver. It is our goal that we will continue to deliver good times  one way or another  for the next 150 years and beyond.”Dr Chris Brauer  Director of Innovation at Goldsmiths  University of London  said: “When we came to this project  we recognised that the understanding of what makes a good time  required a new and fresher perspective. Together with Heineken®  we have worked to better understand the multiple dimensions that make up that feeling of “Good Times”  and the ways in which it is experienced today. Good times are not just one thing or another  they are a multitude of different and subjective feelings  experiences  wants and needs that help generate a sensation and fulfil higher order needs. There has never been a more important time or opportunity to measure the role and prevalence of good times in our lives  so I’m excited to see a brand like Heineken® take serious steps to ensure that they are better understanding and enabling that feeling of “gezelligheid”.”RESEARCH UNDERSTANDING ‘GOOD TIMES’ AROUND THE WORLDHeineken’s® inaugural results from the Good Times Index comes at an important moment socially around the world  as 87% of consumers believe it is more important now than ever for them to have a good time. But one thing that is consistent  is that good times are best enjoyed together.Additional consumer research from Heineken® shows that 82% care more about being with friends than if their night goes to plan. Surprisingly  75% of respondents believe that the people you watch a sport match with is more important than if your team wins.Despite the fact 87% of respondents believe opportunities to connect in person with loved ones have become even more important since the pandemic  over half (61%) agreed that given the current economic climate  they would be more likely to work overtime and sacrifice social moments with friends and family.Nevertheless  many remain open-minded about good times ahead  with the vast majority (88%) agreeing their best memories come from unexpected moments. This open-mindedness follows through into the ways we socialise  as 78% agree it is important to socialise with people that don’t always share the same views as them – a sentiment most strongly held in Brazil (84%) and the UK (81%).HEINEKEN® ACTIVITY CELEBRATING H150To help bring the brand’s commitment to good times to life  the anniversary’s tongue-in-cheek ATL campaign takes viewers on a journey around the globe to embrace all the different ways people adapt and enjoy social moments and memories with Heineken® - ranging from an incorrectly spelt tattoo of the logo to a Heineken® Original being served with a lime  straw and ice. The light-hearted video sees the brewer celebrate the good times it provides – even if the way consumers spell or enjoy it isn’t 100% correct or as originally intended.To further poke fun at itself  Heineken® will replace its logo with a number of alternative spellings it has seen over the years  appearing across all of Heineken’s® social media accounts and website pages  as well as on several new electric lorries.The full video  developed by creative agency Le Pub Milan is available to watch online: HERE.Editorial information:Please find the high-resolution campaign images of the collaboration and campaign here.For more information  please contact: hnknbrand@edelman.com or +447580979333.About HEINEKEN:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution  and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business.HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken N.V. and Heineken Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY).Most recent information is available on HEINEKEN's website: www.theHEINEKENcompany.com and follow us on Twitter via @HEINEKENCorp.Photos accompanying this announcement are available athttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/d1e42fe2-94d7-4137-bdb0-866b4a6fea23https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/155922eb-bea4-402f-9e2b-01709537630dhttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/e5890685-6de4-4f50-97e0-18df342c03d9The photos are also available at Newscom  www.newscom.com  and via AP PhotoExpress.",positive,0.69,0.06,0.25,mixed,0.69,0.19,0.11,True,English,"['international beer brand', 'good times', 'Haikenen', 'Aineken', 'Heineken®', 'world', 'other brand tracking metrics', 'new brand measurement model', 'Dr Chris Brauer', 'current economic climate', 'global birthday festivities', 'Additional consumer research', 'five core conditions', 'higher order needs', 'Brewing good times', 'human behavioural research', 'Good Times Index', 'first beer brand', 'brand metrics', 'behavioural scientist', 'human need', 'human connection', 'Global Head', '150th Anniversary', 'unconventional celebration', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'true connections', 'famous words', 'milestone anniversary', 'anniversary celebration', 'modern day', 'turning point', 'perfect conditions', 'annual performance', 'Bram Westenbrink', 'modern flavoured', 'fresher perspective', 'multiple dimensions', 'one thing', 'subjective feelings', 'important time', 'serious steps', 'inaugural results', 'important moment', 'sport match', 'loved ones', 'social moments', 'vast majority', 'best memories', 'unexpected moments', 'same views', 'global customers', 'beer brands', 'Heineken® brand', 'last 150 years', 'next 150 years', 'Freddy Heineken', 'alcoholic Heineken®', 'Heineken® Silver', 'many ways', 'AMSTERDAM', 'world', 'end', 'gezelligheid', 'something', 'heart', 'front', 'centre', 'existence', 'importance', 'people', 'lives', 'part', 'academics', 'ingredients', 'history', 'success', 'volume', '190 countries', 'Goldsmiths', 'University', 'London', 'contribution', 'open-mindedness', 'inclusivity', 'place', 'vision', 'sales', 'DNA', 'experiences', 'messages', 'advertising', 'sponsorships', 'events', 'course', 'range', 'products', 'goal', 'Director', 'Innovation', 'project', 'understanding', 'multitude', 'different', 'wants', 'sensation', 'opportunity', 'role', 'prevalence', 'consumers', 'night', 'respondents', 'team', 'fact', 'opportunities', 'person', 'pandemic', 'half', 'overtime', 'family', 'sentiment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Eviden-launches-ldquo-AIsaac-Cyber-Mesh-rdquo-strengthened-by-AWS-for-reinforced-cyber-resilienc-44103501/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Eviden launches “AIsaac Cyber Mesh”  strengthened by AWS  for reinforced cyber resilience,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Eviden launches “AIsaac Cyber Mesh”  strengthened by AWS  for reinforced cyber resilience “re:Inforce”  Anaheim  California and Paris  France – June 13  2023 – Eviden  an Atos business  a leader in digital  cloud  big data a…,Press ReleaseEviden launches “AIsaac Cyber Mesh”  strengthened by AWS  for reinforced cyber resilience“re:Inforce”  Anaheim  California and Paris  France – June 13  2023 – Eviden  an Atos business  a leader in digital  cloud  big data and security  today announces AIsaac Cyber Mesh  a next generation of cybersecurity detection and response  reinforced by Amazon Web Services (AWS) Security Data Lake and powered by generative AI technologies. AIsaac Cyber Mesh offers an advanced end-to-end detection  response  and recovery solution  built on a cybersecurity mesh-enabled architecture1 using generative AI and predictive analytics.Combined with Amazon Security Lake  which centralizes data from multiple sources including on-premises and custom sources  AIsaac Cyber Mesh enables businesses to have a more complete understanding of the scope and impact of security incidents. This powerful use of Eviden’s AI-powered cyber mesh on top of AWS services enables faster and more accurate alert detection that increases rapid response times and reinforces cyber resilience across enterprise digital estates.AIsaac Cyber Mesh leverages Eviden’s proven  award-winning Managed Detection & Response (MDR) service capability and includes AWS services that drive the creation and use of generative AI  such as Amazon Bedrock.This solution is part of AWS’ new Strategic Partner Security Initiative  which aims to develop end-to-end security solutions and managed services jointly with global systems integrators (GSIs) that are members of the AWS Partner Network  by leveraging their capabilities  scale and deep security knowledge.Key benefits of AIsaac Cyber Mesh:Anticipate and neutralize threats : Predict and identify potential threats before they occur using hyper-threat intelligence customized to each business environment with industry specific AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) models for fine-grained threat anticipation.: Predict and identify potential threats before they occur using hyper-threat intelligence customized to each business environment with industry specific AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) models for fine-grained threat anticipation. Enhance cyber resilience: Businesses can reduce downtime even in the most aggressive attack scenarios by rapidly recovering business-critical systems and data.Businesses can reduce downtime even in the most aggressive attack scenarios by rapidly recovering business-critical systems and data. Effectively manage exposure : Identify and fix exposures across a digital estate before attackers can exploit them. Assist with maintaining regulatory compliance by pinpointing and mitigating vulnerabilities.: Identify and fix exposures across a digital estate before attackers can exploit them. Assist with maintaining regulatory compliance by pinpointing and mitigating vulnerabilities. Automate cognitive response: Mitigates breaches despite the most complex attacks by containing threats and automating responses using sophisticated algorithms that complement human responders.Mitigates breaches despite the most complex attacks by containing threats and automating responses using sophisticated algorithms that complement human responders. Transition from mess to mesh : Use mesh architecture to leverage security features and data from existing security product investments to amplify outcomes and benefits.: Use mesh architecture to leverage security features and data from existing security product investments to amplify outcomes and benefits. Visualize business risks : Organizations can gain insight into their security posture with business context and identify and prioritize potential risks.: Organizations can gain insight into their security posture with business context and identify and prioritize potential risks. Access to cutting-edge innovation: The Cyber Mesh will enable customers to access the potential of Eviden’s ongoing proprietary innovation streams  while also leveraging pioneering startups in its renowned accelerator program  Scaler  so that they may benefit from the most advanced cybersecurity solutions of today and tomorrow.Jean-Philippe Poirault  CEO Big Data and Security  Eviden  Atos Group said “As businesses’ digital estates become increasingly complex  the risk of cyber threats  and effective anticipation and management of these  becomes more and more challenging. We are delighted to bring together the expertise and capabilities of AWS and Eviden with AIsaac Cyber Mesh - a purpose-built  end-to-end cyber resilience solution that offers businesses a cohesive way to manage  detect and recover from security threats and cyber-attacks.”Antonio Alonso Lopez  Director of Partner Sales  EMEA  AWS said “With the rapid evolution of technology  companies should have an end-to-end cybersecurity strategy that enables them to innovate confidently. Reinforced by Amazon Security Lake and Eviden’s Gen AI services  AIsaac will handle detection  investigation  and responses to cyber threats so companies can focus on achieving their business objectives.”A Leader in European Managed Security Services (MSS) 2  Eviden is a digital services powerhouse with 6 500 dedicated security experts and 16 next-generation global Security Operations Centers (SOC) operating 24/7/365  as well as its award-winning AI cybersecurity mesh platform AIsaac Cyber Mesh.AWS and Eviden have a long and successful history. Atos has been collaborating with AWS since 2013 to bring together market-leading technologies for cloud deployments. Atos was named AWS Global Systems Integrator (GSI) Partner of the Year EMEA in 2022. Through the Atos Group  Eviden has more than 3 400 active AWS certifications  16 AWS competencies (including Level 1 Managed Security Service Provider) and more than 50 joint customer launches. Eviden has been a launch partner for several security programs from AWS  including the Amazon Security Lake and AWS KMS External Key Store (XKS).AIsaac Cyber Mesh will be available from the end of H2. For more information https://page.eviden.com/aisaac-cyber-mesh***About Eviden3Eviden designs the scope composed of Atos’ digital  cloud  big data and security business lines. It will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a next generation digital business with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 57 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Eviden is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactsGlobal: Lucie Duchateau – lucie.duchateau@atos.net - +33 (0) 7 62 85 35 10Global: Laura Fau – laura.fau@atos.net – +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 18North America: Maggie Wainscott – maggie.wainscott@atos.net1 Cybersecurity mesh  or cybersecurity mesh architecture (CSMA)  is a collaborative ecosystem of tools and controls to secure a modern  distributed enterprise. Access full description by Gartner here.2 Report: “IDC MarketScape: European Managed Security Services 2022 Vendor Assessment” (document #EUR146178820  January 2022)3Eviden business is operated through the following brands: Alia Consulting  AppCentrica  ATHEA  Atos Syntel  Bull  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  digital.security  Eagle Creek  EcoAct  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  IDnomic  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Miner & Kasch  Motiv  Nimbix  Processia  Profit4SF  science+computing  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion  zDataEviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.19,0.61,True,English,"['AIsaac Cyber Mesh', 'cyber resilience', 'Eviden', 'AWS', 'new Strategic Partner Security Initiative', 'Artificial Intelligence Markup Language', 'ongoing proprietary innovation streams', 'existing security product investments', 'proven, award-winning Managed Detection', 'end cyber resilience solution', 'AWS) Security Data Lake', 'MDR) service capability', 'industry specific AIML', 'aggressive attack scenarios', 'renowned accelerator program', 'Antonio Alonso Lopez', 'Amazon Security Lake', 'cybersecurity mesh-enabled architecture1', 'deep security knowledge', 'fine-grained threat anticipation', 'AI-powered cyber mesh', 'enterprise digital estates', 'The Cyber Mesh', 'global systems integrators', 'AWS Partner Network', 'advanced cybersecurity solutions', 'accurate alert detection', 'AIsaac Cyber Mesh', 'end cybersecurity strategy', 'end security solutions', 'Amazon Web Services', 'CEO Big Data', 'rapid response times', 'Gen AI services', 'businesses’ digital estates', 'Partner Sales', 'hyper-threat intelligence', 'cutting-edge innovation', 'cybersecurity detection', 'advanced end', 'Amazon Bedrock', 'security incidents', 'security features', 'security posture', 'mesh architecture', 'effective anticipation', 'rapid evolution', 'digital, cloud', 'cyber threats', 'recovery solution', 'business-critical systems', 'security threats', 'AWS services', 'Press Release', 'Atos business', 'next generation', 'predictive analytics', 'multiple sources', 'custom sources', 'complete understanding', 'business environment', 'regulatory compliance', 'complex attacks', 'sophisticated algorithms', 'human responders', 'business risks', 'business context', 'pioneering startups', 'Jean-Philippe Poirault', 'Atos Group', 'cohesive way', 'business objectives', 'potential risks', 'AI technologies', 'cognitive response', 'powerful use', 'A Leader', 'potential threats', 'Key benefits', 'Eviden', 'Inforce', 'Anaheim', 'California', 'Paris', 'France', 'June', 'premises', 'scope', 'impact', 'top', 'faster', 'creation', 'GSIs', 'members', 'capabilities', 'scale', 'models', 'downtime', 'exposure', 'attackers', 'vulnerabilities', 'breaches', 'responses', 'Transition', 'mess', 'outcomes', 'Organizations', 'insight', 'Access', 'customers', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'management', 'expertise', 'cyber-attacks', 'Director', 'EMEA', 'technology', 'companies', 'investigation', 'Eu']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686848/0/en/Haikenen-Aineken-Heineken-Spelling-it-correctly-won-t-create-good-times-but-the-world-s-most-international-beer-brand-knows-what-can.html,Haikenen? Aineken? Heineken®? Spelling it correctly won’t create good times  but the world’s most international beer brand knows what can,Heineken® is marking its 150th Anniversary with an unconventional celebration that prioritises good times over getting it right Heineken® is marking its 150th Anniversary with an unconventional celebration that prioritises good times over getting it right,"AMSTERDAM  June 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Heineken®  one of the world’s most recognised beer brands  is today marking its 150th anniversary with an unconventional celebration of the many ways the brand has been nicknamed  misspelled or mis-served over the years  all to showcase how good times and sparking true connections over a beer are  in the end  what matters most.Freddy Heineken’s famous words “I don’t sell beer  I sell gezelligheid” have never rung so true. “Gezelligheid” translated is that feeling of good times  something that has been at the heart of the Heineken® brand for the last 150 years. To celebrate this milestone anniversary  Heineken® is putting good times front and centre of its global birthday festivities.Of course  good times have changed over the 150 years of Heineken®’s existence and will continue to do so  but their importance in people’s lives have not. Recognising this and as part of the anniversary celebration  the Heineken® brand has worked with academics to better understand the ingredients that are needed to deliver that feeling of “good times” in the modern day; a surprisingly under-studied human need.Marking a turning point in the brand’s history  Heineken® has decided to evolve the way it measures success – focusing not just on the volume of beer it sells but also the good times it delivers for its customers in over 190 countries.To do this  Heineken® has collaborated with behavioural scientist Dr Chris Brauer  Goldsmiths  University of London  to create the 'Good Times Index'  a new brand measurement model which will score the brand’s contribution to creating the perfect conditions for good times. Through human behavioural research  the index has identified five core conditions that people universally need to experience good times  including open-mindedness  inclusivity  and human connection:With the Good Times Index in place  Heineken® is staying true to its vision by becoming the first beer brand to officially have “delivering good times” as part of the way it measures its annual performance – alongside sales and other brand tracking metrics.Bram Westenbrink  Global Head  Heineken® Brand  said: “Brewing good times has been in our DNA for 150 years. That is why we are evolving our brand metrics to show that creating good times is equally as important as the beer we produce. By better understanding the conditions behind good times in today’s world  we can continue to create experiences for all our global customers that promote that feeling of gezelligheid – whether that is through the messages in our advertising  our sponsorships and events or of course our range of products including our non-alcoholic Heineken® 0.0 or our more modern flavoured Heineken® Silver. It is our goal that we will continue to deliver good times  one way or another  for the next 150 years and beyond.”Dr Chris Brauer  Director of Innovation at Goldsmiths  University of London  said: “When we came to this project  we recognised that the understanding of what makes a good time  required a new and fresher perspective. Together with Heineken®  we have worked to better understand the multiple dimensions that make up that feeling of “Good Times”  and the ways in which it is experienced today. Good times are not just one thing or another  they are a multitude of different and subjective feelings  experiences  wants and needs that help generate a sensation and fulfil higher order needs. There has never been a more important time or opportunity to measure the role and prevalence of good times in our lives  so I’m excited to see a brand like Heineken® take serious steps to ensure that they are better understanding and enabling that feeling of “gezelligheid”.”RESEARCH UNDERSTANDING ‘GOOD TIMES’ AROUND THE WORLDHeineken’s® inaugural results from the Good Times Index comes at an important moment socially around the world  as 87% of consumers believe it is more important now than ever for them to have a good time. But one thing that is consistent  is that good times are best enjoyed together.Additional consumer research from Heineken® shows that 82% care more about being with friends than if their night goes to plan. Surprisingly  75% of respondents believe that the people you watch a sport match with is more important than if your team wins.Despite the fact 87% of respondents believe opportunities to connect in person with loved ones have become even more important since the pandemic  over half (61%) agreed that given the current economic climate  they would be more likely to work overtime and sacrifice social moments with friends and family.Nevertheless  many remain open-minded about good times ahead  with the vast majority (88%) agreeing their best memories come from unexpected moments. This open-mindedness follows through into the ways we socialise  as 78% agree it is important to socialise with people that don’t always share the same views as them – a sentiment most strongly held in Brazil (84%) and the UK (81%).HEINEKEN® ACTIVITY CELEBRATING H150To help bring the brand’s commitment to good times to life  the anniversary’s tongue-in-cheek ATL campaign takes viewers on a journey around the globe to embrace all the different ways people adapt and enjoy social moments and memories with Heineken® - ranging from an incorrectly spelt tattoo of the logo to a Heineken® Original being served with a lime  straw and ice. The light-hearted video sees the brewer celebrate the good times it provides – even if the way consumers spell or enjoy it isn’t 100% correct or as originally intended.To further poke fun at itself  Heineken® will replace its logo with a number of alternative spellings it has seen over the years  appearing across all of Heineken’s® social media accounts and website pages  as well as on several new electric lorries.The full video  developed by creative agency Le Pub Milan is available to watch online: HERE.Editorial information:Please find the high-resolution campaign images of the collaboration and campaign here.For more information  please contact: hnknbrand@edelman.com or +447580979333.About HEINEKEN:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution  and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business.HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken N.V. and Heineken Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY).Most recent information is available on HEINEKEN's website: www.theHEINEKENcompany.com and follow us on Twitter via @HEINEKENCorp.Photos accompanying this announcement are available athttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/d1e42fe2-94d7-4137-bdb0-866b4a6fea23https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/155922eb-bea4-402f-9e2b-01709537630dhttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/e5890685-6de4-4f50-97e0-18df342c03d9The photos are also available at Newscom  www.newscom.com  and via AP PhotoExpress.",positive,0.65,0.04,0.31,mixed,0.71,0.17,0.13,True,English,"['international beer brand', 'good times', 'Haikenen', 'Aineken', 'Heineken', 'world', 'other brand tracking metrics', 'new brand measurement model', 'Dr Chris Brauer', 'current economic climate', 'global birthday festivities', 'Additional consumer research', 'five core conditions', 'higher order needs', 'Brewing good times', 'human behavioural research', 'Good Times Index', 'first beer brand', 'brand metrics', 'behavioural scientist', 'human need', 'human connection', 'Global Head', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '150th anniversary', 'unconventional celebration', 'true connections', 'famous words', 'milestone anniversary', 'anniversary celebration', 'modern day', 'turning point', 'perfect conditions', 'annual performance', 'Bram Westenbrink', 'modern flavoured', 'fresher perspective', 'multiple dimensions', 'one thing', 'subjective feelings', 'important time', 'serious steps', 'inaugural results', 'important moment', 'sport match', 'loved ones', 'social moments', 'vast majority', 'best memories', 'unexpected moments', 'same views', 'global customers', 'beer brands', 'Freddy Heineken', 'Heineken® brand', 'alcoholic Heineken®', 'Heineken® Silver', 'HEINEKEN® ACTIVITY', 'last 150 years', 'next 150 years', 'many ways', 'THE WORLD', 'AMSTERDAM', 'end', 'gezelligheid', 'something', 'heart', 'front', 'centre', 'existence', 'importance', 'people', 'lives', 'part', 'academics', 'ingredients', 'history', 'success', 'volume', '190 countries', 'Goldsmiths', 'University', 'London', 'contribution', 'open-mindedness', 'inclusivity', 'place', 'vision', 'sales', 'DNA', 'today', 'experiences', 'messages', 'advertising', 'sponsorships', 'events', 'course', 'range', 'products', 'goal', 'Director', 'Innovation', 'project', 'understanding', 'multitude', 'different', 'sensation', 'opportunity', 'role', 'prevalence', 'consumers', 'night', 'respondents', 'team', 'fact', 'opportunities', 'person', 'pandemic', 'half', 'overtime', 'family', 'sentiment', 'Brazil', 'UK', 'H150', 'commitment']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2687447/0/en/Groupe-Partouche-Sustained-business-growth-for-1st-half-year-2023-Increased-turnover-15-2-at-215-6-M.html,Groupe Partouche: Sustained business growth for 1st half-year 2023 / Increased turnover +15.2 % at € 215.6 M,Sustained business growth for 1st half-year 2023Increased turnover +15.2 % at € 215.6 M  Paris  13th June 2023  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a...,"French EnglishSustained business growth for 1st half-year 2023Increased turnover +15.2 % at € 215.6 MParis  13th June 2023  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a European leader in gaming  publishes today its consolidated turnover for the 2nd quarter 2023 (February 2023 – April 2023) as well as its consolidated turnover for the first half-year (November 2022 – April 2023).It should be recalled  as a preamble  that during the first half of the previous financial year (February to April 2022)  attendance at the Group's casinos was still suffering from the effects of the ""vaccination pass"" until its lifting on 14th March 2022 in France and on 17th February 2022 in Switzerland. Moreover  the first half of 2023 takes into account the scope effects especially related to:In Switzerland  the disposal on 31 st January 2022 of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino;January 2022 of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino; In Belgium  the entry into the Group of the Middelkerke casino (Belgium) on 1st July 2022 with an opening on 8th July 2022 after some refurbishments works.Solid growth for 2nd quarterAfter a very good 1st quarter 2023  the Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) records a solid growth in the 2nd quarter 2023 up +14.1% driven by all forms of games and stood at € 169.1 M  compared to € 148. €2 M a year earlier.In France  the GGR  which benefits from an 18.0% increase in attendance  rises by +13.7% to € 152.1 M. The GGR of slot machines posts a very satisfactory increase of +10.0% (to € 121.5 M) and that of electronic forms of traditional games  an increase of +26.8% (to € 18.2 M).Abroad  the GGR was up +18.1% compared to the 2nd quarter of 2022  at € 17.0 M. The Swiss online games continue to gain momentum (+24.3% over one year).After levies  the Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) increases by +11.9 % at € 79.3 M  compared to € 70.8 M a year earlier. Business excluding gaming totals a turnover of € 20.9 M (+12.1 %).Globally  the turnover of the 2nd quarter 2023 totals € 99.2 M  compared to € 89.1 M€ in 2022 (+11 4%).Increased turnover in 1st half-year 2023 + 15.2 % at € 215.6 MAt the end of April  the 6 months aggregate turnover stands at € 215.6 M compared to € 187.2 M in 2022 (+15. 2%) and the NGR reaches € 176.0 M (+14.8%) thus confirming the renewed dynamism of the activity since the end of the Covid health crisisUpcoming events:Income 1st quarter: Tuesday 27th June  after stock market closureFinancial information 3rd quarter: Tuesday 12th September 2023  after stock market closureGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 3 900 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment B. ISIN : FR0012612646 - Reuters PARP.PA - Bloomberg : PARP:FP Reuters : PARP.PA - Bloomberg : PARP:FPANNEX1- Consolidated turnoverIn €M 2023 2022 Variation 1st quarter 116.4 98.1 +18.6% 2nd quarter 99.2 89.1 +11.4% Total consolidated turnover 215.6 187.2 +15.2%2- Construction of the consolidated turnover2.1 – 2nd quarterIn €M 2023 2022 Variation Gross gaming revenue (GGR) 169.1 148.2 +14.1% levies -89.8 -77.4 +16.1% Net gaming revenue (NGR) 79.3 70.8 +11.9% Turnover excluding NGR 20.9 18.7 +12.1% Fidelity programme -1.0 -0.5 x2.2 Total consolidated turnover 99.2 89.1 +11.4%2.2 – Aggregate 6 monthsIn €M 2023 2022 Variation Gross gaming revenue (GGR) 341.0 290.0 +17.6% Levies -165.0 -136.6 +20.7% Net gaming revenue (NGR) 176.0 153.4 +14.8% Turnover excluding NGR 41.4 35.2 +17.5% Fidelity programme -1.8 -1.4 +31.5% Total consolidated turnover 215.6 187.2 +15.2%3- Breakdown of consolidated turnover by activity3.1 – 2nd quarterIn €M 2023 2022 Variation Casinos 91.0 81.6 +11.5% Hotels 5.7 5.1 +10.9% Other 2.6 2.4 +8.7% Total consolidated turnover 99.2 89.1 +11.4%3.2 – Aggregate 6 monthsIn €M 2023 2022 Variation Casinos 199.9 173.5 +15.2% Hotels 10.9 9.0 +20.9% Other 4.9 4.7 +3.1% Total consolidated turnover 215.6 187.2 +15.2%4- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.04,0.5,True,English,"['Groupe Partouche', 'business growth', '1st half-year', 'turnover', 'The Swiss online games', 'ANNEX 1- Consolidated turnover', 'Covid health crisis', 'Compartment B. ISIN', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'various operated games', 'stock market closure', 'previous financial year', 'good 1st quarter', 'Income 1st quarter', 'Total consolidated turnover', '6 months aggregate turnover', 'gaming totals', 'market leaders', 'gaming club', 'one year', 'Financial information', 'stock exchange', '1st half-year', '1st July', 'traditional games', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'French English', 'Groupe Partouche', 'European leader', 'first half-year', 'vaccination pass', '14th March', 'Crans-Montana casino', 'Middelkerke casino', '8th July', 'refurbishments works', 'Solid growth', 'slot machines', 'Upcoming events', 'golf courses', 'leading position', 'Fidelity programme', '3- Breakdown', '4- Glossary', 'city halls', 'business growth', 'business sector', 'The Group', '13th June', 'scope effects', '31 st January', 'electronic forms', 'Euronext Paris', 'FP Reuters', '17th February', 'satisfactory increase', 'Reuters PARP', 'Variation Casinos', '41 casinos', '18.0% increase', 'April', 'November', 'preamble', 'attendance', 'lifting', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'account', 'disposal', 'stake', 'Belgium', 'entry', 'opening', 'momentum', 'levies', 'NGR', 'dynamism', 'activity', 'Tuesday', 'September', 'hotels', 'restaurants', 'spas', '3,900 people', 'tomorrow', 'future', 'profitability', 'Bloomberg', '€M', 'Construction', 'Other', 'sum', 'deduction', 'payment', 'winnings', 'players', 'amount', 'tax', 'State', 'CSG', 'CRDS', 'component', 'Attachment', '06:00', '2023', '1.5']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-PARTOUCHE-21207578/news/Groupe-Partouche-Sustained-business-growth-for-1st-half-year-2023-Increased-turnover-15-2-at--44103046/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Groupe Partouche: Sustained business growth for 1st half-year 2023 / Increased turnover +15.2 % at  215.6 M,(marketscreener.com) Sustained business growth for 1st half-year 2023Increased turnover +15.2 % at € 215.6 M Paris  13th June 2023  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a European leader in gaming  publishes today its consolidated turnover for the 2nd quarter 2023 …,"Sustained business growth for 1st half-year 2023Increased turnover +15.2 % at € 215.6 MParis  13th June 2023  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a European leader in gaming  publishes today its consolidated turnover for the 2nd quarter 2023 (February 2023 – April 2023) as well as its consolidated turnover for the first half-year (November 2022 – April 2023).It should be recalled  as a preamble  that during the first half of the previous financial year (February to April 2022)  attendance at the Group's casinos was still suffering from the effects of the ""vaccination pass"" until its lifting on 14th March 2022 in France and on 17th February 2022 in Switzerland. Moreover  the first half of 2023 takes into account the scope effects especially related to:In Switzerland  the disposal on 31 st January 2022 of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino;January 2022 of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino; In Belgium  the entry into the Group of the Middelkerke casino (Belgium) on 1st July 2022 with an opening on 8th July 2022 after some refurbishments works.Solid growth for 2nd quarterAfter a very good 1st quarter 2023  the Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) records a solid growth in the 2nd quarter 2023 up +14.1% driven by all forms of games and stood at € 169.1 M  compared to € 148. €2 M a year earlier.In France  the GGR  which benefits from an 18.0% increase in attendance  rises by +13.7% to € 152.1 M. The GGR of slot machines posts a very satisfactory increase of +10.0% (to € 121.5 M) and that of electronic forms of traditional games  an increase of +26.8% (to € 18.2 M).Abroad  the GGR was up +18.1% compared to the 2nd quarter of 2022  at € 17.0 M. The Swiss online games continue to gain momentum (+24.3% over one year).After levies  the Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) increases by +11.9 % at € 79.3 M  compared to € 70.8 M a year earlier. Business excluding gaming totals a turnover of € 20.9 M (+12.1 %).Globally  the turnover of the 2nd quarter 2023 totals € 99.2 M  compared to € 89.1 M€ in 2022 (+11 4%).Increased turnover in 1st half-year 2023 + 15.2 % at € 215.6 MAt the end of April  the 6 months aggregate turnover stands at € 215.6 M compared to € 187.2 M in 2022 (+15. 2%) and the NGR reaches € 176.0 M (+14.8%) thus confirming the renewed dynamism of the activity since the end of the Covid health crisisUpcoming events:Income 1st quarter: Tuesday 27th June  after stock market closureFinancial information 3rd quarter: Tuesday 12th September 2023  after stock market closureGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 3 900 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment B. ISIN : FR0012612646 - Reuters PARP.PA - Bloomberg : PARP:FP Reuters : PARP.PA - Bloomberg : PARP:FPANNEX1- Consolidated turnoverIn €M 2023 2022 Variation 1st quarter 116.4 98.1 +18.6% 2nd quarter 99.2 89.1 +11.4% Total consolidated turnover 215.6 187.2 +15.2%2- Construction of the consolidated turnover2.1 – 2nd quarterIn €M 2023 2022 Variation Gross gaming revenue (GGR) 169.1 148.2 +14.1% levies -89.8 -77.4 +16.1% Net gaming revenue (NGR) 79.3 70.8 +11.9% Turnover excluding NGR 20.9 18.7 +12.1% Fidelity programme -1.0 -0.5 x2.2 Total consolidated turnover 99.2 89.1 +11.4%2.2 – Aggregate 6 monthsIn €M 2023 2022 Variation Gross gaming revenue (GGR) 341.0 290.0 +17.6% Levies -165.0 -136.6 +20.7% Net gaming revenue (NGR) 176.0 153.4 +14.8% Turnover excluding NGR 41.4 35.2 +17.5% Fidelity programme -1.8 -1.4 +31.5% Total consolidated turnover 215.6 187.2 +15.2%3- Breakdown of consolidated turnover by activity3.1 – 2nd quarterIn €M 2023 2022 Variation Casinos 91.0 81.6 +11.5% Hotels 5.7 5.1 +10.9% Other 2.6 2.4 +8.7% Total consolidated turnover 99.2 89.1 +11.4%3.2 – Aggregate 6 monthsIn €M 2023 2022 Variation Casinos 199.9 173.5 +15.2% Hotels 10.9 9.0 +20.9% Other 4.9 4.7 +3.1% Total consolidated turnover 215.6 187.2 +15.2%4- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.18,0.32,True,English,"['Groupe Partouche', 'business growth', '1st half-year', 'turnover', 'ANNEX 1- Consolidated turnover', 'The Swiss online games', 'Covid health crisis', 'Compartment B. ISIN', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'various operated games', 'stock market closure', 'previous financial year', 'good 1st quarter', 'Income 1st quarter', 'Total consolidated turnover', '6 months aggregate turnover', 'gaming totals', 'market leaders', 'gaming club', 'one year', 'Financial information', 'stock exchange', '1st half-year', '1st July', 'traditional games', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'Groupe Partouche', 'European leader', 'first half-year', 'vaccination pass', '14th March', 'Crans-Montana casino', 'Middelkerke casino', '8th July', 'refurbishments works', 'Solid growth', 'slot machines', 'Upcoming events', 'golf courses', 'leading position', 'Fidelity programme', '3- Breakdown', '4- Glossary', 'city halls', 'business growth', 'business sector', '13th June', 'scope effects', '31 st January', 'electronic forms', 'Euronext Paris', 'FP Reuters', '17th February', 'satisfactory increase', 'The Group', 'Reuters PARP', 'Variation Casinos', '41 casinos', '18.0% increase', 'April', 'November', 'preamble', 'attendance', 'lifting', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'account', 'disposal', 'stake', 'Belgium', 'entry', 'opening', 'momentum', 'levies', 'NGR', 'dynamism', 'activity', 'Tuesday', 'hotels', 'restaurants', 'spas', '3,900 people', 'tomorrow', 'future', 'profitability', 'Bloomberg', '€M', 'Construction', 'Other', 'sum', 'deduction', 'payment', 'winnings', 'players', 'amount', 'tax', 'State', 'CSG', 'CRDS', 'component', 'Attachment', '06:00', '2023', '1.5']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Sanofi-ldquo-all-in-rdquo-on-artificial-intelligence-and-data-science-to-speed-brea-44100866/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Press Release: Sanofi “all in” on artificial intelligence and data science to speed breakthroughs for patients,(marketscreener.com)   Sanofi “all in” on artificial intelligence and data science to speed breakthroughs for patients Paris  June 13  2023. Sanofi takes the next step in its company-wide digital transformation and rolls-out plai at scale. plai  Sanofi’s indu…,Sanofi “all in” on artificial intelligence and data science to speed breakthroughs for patientsParis  June 13  2023. Sanofi takes the next step in its company-wide digital transformation and rolls-out plai at scale. plai  Sanofi’s industry-leading app developed with artificial intelligence (AI) platform company Aily Labs  delivers real-time  reactive data interactions and gives an unprecedented 360° view across all Sanofi activities. The app aggregates available company internal data across functions and harnesses the power of AI to provide timely insights and personalized “what if” scenarios to support thousands of Sanofi teams decision makers to take informed decisions in a simple and modern digital user experience.Paul HudsonCEO  Sanofi“Our ambition is to become the first pharma company powered by artificial intelligence at scale  giving our people tools and technologies that focus on insights and allow them to make better everyday decisions. The use of artificial intelligence and data science already support our teams’ efforts in areas such as accelerating drug discovery  enhanced clinical trial design  and improving manufacturing and supply of medicines and vaccines. We have just scratched the surface as to how we embrace these disruptive technologies to achieve our ambition of transforming the practice of medicine.”plai is an essential enabler in the company-wide digital transformation and data democratisation journey. AI-powered tools help Sanofi teams make better and faster data-driven decisions  hence boosting productivity across the value chain: from research to clinical operations to manufacturing and supply to business analysis.In Research  Sanofi has built multiple AI programs to slash research times through improved predictive modelling and automate time-sink activities. As a result  AI enables R&D teams to scale and accelerate ground-breaking research processes from a matter of weeks to just hours and improve potential target identification in therapeutic areas like immunology  oncology or neurology by 20 to 30%.AI also accelerates work on mRNA research. For an mRNA vaccine to reach its designated cells and produce disease-fighting proteins  it must be carried by a stable drug delivery system via a special particle  known as a lipid nanoparticle. While Sanofi owns a large library of lipid nanoparticles  R&D teams now use AI to create digital models to predict the strongest selection of particles. It increased the speed of the lipid nanoparticle prediction process from months to days.In Clinical operations  the increasing digitization and leverage of plai’s insights empower Sanofi teams to rethink how to run better clinical trials. For example  R&D teams can find and set up new  more convenient trial sites for their target groups  broadening opportunities for those from historically underrepresented communities to participate in clinical research. With improved representation  Sanofi continues its work toward a future where all trials reflect the diversity of the people most affected by the diseases studied.In Manufacturing and Supply  Sanofi is digitizing quality assessment processes  moving from paper to Electronic Batch Records  leveraging digital and data to improve asset utilization and increase productivity by implementing new manufacturing 4.0 capabilities. Sanofi has also developed an in-house AI-enabled yield optimization solution which learns from past and current batch performance to enable consistently higher yield levels. This helps to optimize usage of raw materials  contributing to the company’s environmental objectives  and supports improved cost efficiency. Also  recent plai adoption within Sanofi's biopharma Supply Chain has proven the ability to predict 80% of low inventory positions  allowing teams to take mitigating actions to secure supply  faster than ever before.Best-in-class technological collaborations to speed scientific breakthroughs for patientsIn 2022 Sanofi acquired Amunix Pharmaceuticals  which uses AI to tailor-deliver medicines that become active only in tumor tissues  while not harming normal ones. The same year  Sanofi joined forces in a collaboration with pioneering biotech Exscientia to explore new treatments for cancer and diseases linked to the immune system. Using Exscientia’s AI-based capabilities and personalized medicine platform  Sanofi’s scientists can test drug candidates against actual human tissue models  years before a clinical trial. Also in 2022  Sanofi partnered with pharmaceutical companies Insilico Medicine and Atomwise to speed up medicine development using their AI-driven platforms. This comes on top of Sanofi’s partnership with Owkin in 2021  whose AI-driven platform uses patient data from different medical centers to build models and predict patient responses to treatments.Sanofi @ VivatechSanofi is a partner of VivaTech  Europe's largest tech and startup event  taking place in Paris from June 14 to June 17  2023. This year  Sanofi's digital experts and 17 partner startups specializing in data and e-health will show how AI and Data can push the boundaries of science. Sanofi will notably present its new groundbreaking partnership with French startup Hillo to adapt its digital twin AI solution to Sanofi's connected insulin pens. With this digital twin  the influence of the diabetic patient's lifestyle or therapeutic habits can now be taken into account in an optimized way.Sanofi’s Consumer Healthcare business unit will present its recently launched Open Innovation Portal  which allows the wider supply chain community to submit their solutions to unmet challenges in consumer health. Startups  entrepreneurs  research institutions  accelerators  universities and more will now be able to respond online to challenge areas that have been identified by Sanofi Consumer Healthcare  from creating sustainable packaging to developing new products and technologies. The launch of the Sanofi Consumer Healthcare Open Innovation Portal will facilitate the innovation of the very best self-care solutions by uniting the boldest and brightest external ideas with Sanofi’s expertise  infrastructure  scale and reach. Sanofi will continue to add new challenges to the Open Innovation Portal in the areas of digestive wellness  cough  cold and flu  physical and mental wellness  allergy  pain care  personal care and sustainability. Successful submissions will be given the opportunity to drive innovation forward together as collaborative partners on projects with Consumer Healthcare at Sanofi. Innovators can visit https://www.innovation-sanofichc.com to learn more and submit their ideas.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comChrystel Baude | + 33 6 70 98 70 59 | chrystel.baude@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.24,0.15,True,English,"['Press Release', 'artificial intelligence', 'data science', 'Sanofi', 'breakthroughs', 'patients', 'house AI-enabled yield optimization solution', 'new, more convenient trial sites', 'modern digital user experience', 'real-time, reactive data interactions', 'actual human tissue models', 'artificial intelligence (AI) platform company', 'stable drug delivery system', 'lipid nanoparticle prediction process', 'available company internal data', 'Sanofi teams decision makers', 'higher yield levels', 'first pharma company', 'Paul Hudson CEO', 'quality assessment processes', 'Electronic Batch Records', 'current batch performance', 'low inventory positions', 'different medical centers', 'company-wide digital transformation', 'clinical trial design', 'R&D teams', 'potential target identification', 'data democratisation journey', 'pioneering biotech Exscientia', 'ground-breaking research processes', 'multiple AI programs', 'recent plai adoption', 'new manufacturing 4.0 capabilities', 'personalized medicine platform', 'biopharma Supply Chain', 'AI-driven platform', 'immune system', 'digital models', 'new treatments', 'drug discovery', 'lipid nanoparticles', 'drug candidates', 'teams’ efforts', 'value chain', 'target groups', 'AI-based capabilities', 'digital experts', 'data science', 'patient data', 'clinical operations', 'next step', 'Aily Labs', 'unprecedented 360° view', 'informed decisions', 'everyday decisions', 'essential enabler', 'data-driven decisions', 'business analysis', 'predictive modelling', 'time-sink activities', 'mRNA vaccine', 'disease-fighting proteins', 'special particle', 'large library', 'strongest selection', 'increasing digitization', 'clinical research', 'asset utilization', 'raw materials', 'environmental objectives', 'cost efficiency', 'mitigating actions', 'technological collaborations', 'Amunix Pharmaceuticals', 'tumor tissues', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'Insilico Medicine', 'medicine development', 'patient responses', 'largest tech', 'startup event', 'research times', 'mRNA research', 'clinical trials', 'industry-leading app', 'disruptive technologies', 'AI-powered tools', 'therapeutic areas', 'scientific breakthroughs', 'deliver medicines', '17 partner startups', 'timely insights', 'Sanofi activities', 'patients', 'Paris', 'June', 'scale', 'functions', 'scenarios', 'thousands', 'simple', 'ambition', 'people', 'vaccines', 'surface', 'practice', 'faster', 'productivity', 'result', 'matter', 'weeks', 'hours', 'immunology', 'oncology', 'neurology', 'work', 'designated', 'cells', 'speed', 'months', 'days', 'leverage', 'example', 'opportunities', 'communities', 'improved', 'representation', 'future', 'diversity', 'diseases', 'paper', 'past', 'usage', 'ability', 'class', 'normal', 'forces', 'cancer', 'scientists', 'Atomwise', 'top', 'partnership', 'Owkin', 'Vivatech', 'Europe', 'place', 'e-health', '20']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-implements-ai-solutions-leveraging-servicenow-platform-301848526.html,Teleperformance implements AI solutions leveraging ServiceNow platform,NEW YORK  June 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  today announced that it is deploying cloud-based artificial intelligence (AI) tools within ServiceNow  the leading digital workflow company  to enhance its …,NEW YORK  June 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance   a global leader in digital business services  today announced that it is deploying cloud-based artificial intelligence (AI) tools within ServiceNow  the leading digital workflow company  to enhance its employee experience  increase productivity and transform its operations.The new platform provides a more efficient and intuitive employee experience that allows Teleperformance employees to access a single simplified knowledge management system. Further  it enables the company's employees to automate certain transactional tasks in their workday  enabling employees to focus on higher-value activities.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group's global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.SOURCE Teleperformance,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['AI solutions', 'ServiceNow platform', 'Teleperformance', 'cloud-based artificial intelligence (AI) tools', 'single simplified knowledge management system', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'leading digital workflow company', 'S&P Europe', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'deferred settlement service', 'Euronext Paris market', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'corporate social responsibility', 'digital business services', 'intuitive employee experience', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'global scale', 'Safety services', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'NEW YORK', 'new platform', 'transactional tasks', 'higher-value activities', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'recruitment process', 'passionate people', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'TEP FP', 'The Group', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'Teleperformance employees', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'ServiceNow', 'productivity', 'operations', 'efficient', 'workday', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'Trust', 'range', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', '410,000 inspired', '300 languages', 'force', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'area', 'September']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,prnewswire.com
26164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-Announces-Publication-of-its-Chikungunya-Vaccine-Candidate-Phase-3-Data-in-The-Lancet-44096458/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Valneva Announces Publication of its Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate Phase 3 Data in The Lancet,(marketscreener.com) Saint-Herblain   June 13  2023 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  today announces that the Company’s pivotal Phase 3 data for its single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate  VLA1553  have been published in The Lancet   the world’s…,Saint-Herblain (France)  June 13  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announces that the Company’s pivotal Phase 3 data for its single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate  VLA1553  have been published in The Lancet   the world’s leading peer-reviewed medical journal.The article  titled “Safety and immunogenicity of a single-shot live-attenuated chikungunya vaccine: a double-blind  multicenter  randomized  placebo-controlled phase 3 trial” provides a detailed analysis of the Phase 3 results showing that VLA1553 demonstrated a very high seroresponse rate of 98.9% in participants 28 days after receiving the single administration. This immunogenicity profile was similar in both younger and older adults  and 96% of participants maintained seroresponse six months after vaccination. VLA1553 was generally safe and equally well tolerated in younger and older adults. The Lancet Paper can be accessed via the following link: https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(23)00641-4/fulltext.Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Valneva  said  “This publication in the Lancet underlines the strength of VLA1553’s scientific approach and is consistent with the quality of our pivotal Phase 3 study. We are pleased that more detailed results on our single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate are now available to the scientific and broader public health communities.”Valneva reported final pivotal Phase 3 data in March 20221  final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 20222 and positive twelve-month persistence data in December 20223. A clinical study of VLA1553 in adolescents is ongoing in Brazil4  for which Valneva reported enrollment and vaccination completion in February 20235.VLA1553 is currently the only chikungunya vaccine candidate worldwide for which regulatory review processes are underway. A Biologic License Application (BLA) is currently under priority review6 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) review goal date at the end of August 2023  and a regulatory application has also been filed with Health Canada. If approved  VLA1553 could become the first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this unmet medical need.About ChikungunyaChikungunya is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a Togaviridae virus  transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes. Infection leads to symptomatic disease in 72-92% of humans after four to seven days following the mosquito bite. While mortality with CHIKV is low  morbidity is high  and the global market for vaccines against chikungunya is estimated to exceed $500 million annually by 20327. Clinical symptoms include acute onset of fever  debilitating joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  rash and chronic arthralgia. Chikungunya virus often causes sudden large outbreaks with high attack rates  affecting one-third to three-quarters of the population in areas where the virus is circulating. The high-risk areas of infection for travelers are places where chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos are endemic  including the Americas  parts of Africa  and Southeast Asia  and the virus has spread to more than 110 countries8. As of July 2022  more than three million cases have been reported in the Americas9 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow as the CHIKV primary mosquito vectors continue to spread geographically. There are no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  chikungunya is considered to be a major public health threat.About VLA1553VLA1553 is a live-attenuated  single dose investigational vaccine candidate targeting the chikungunya virus  which has spread to over 110 countries10. It has been designed by deleting a part of the chikungunya virus genome.Valneva reported final data from the pivotal Phase 3 trial of VLA1553 in March 202211  final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 202212 and positive twelve-month persistence data in December 202213.If approved  VLA1553 would expand Valneva’s existing commercial vaccines portfolio and as such  Valneva intends to commercialize this vaccine  leveraging its existing manufacturing and commercial operations.To make VLA1553 more accessible to Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC)  Valneva and Instituto Butantan in Brazil signed an agreement in January 2021 for the development  manufacturing and marketing of VLA155314. The collaboration falls within the framework of the agreement signed between CEPI and Valneva in July 201915  which provides funding of up to $24.6 million with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program.VLA1553 received FDA Fast Track  Breakthrough Therapy designations and Priority Review in 2018  2021 and 2023  respectively. VLA1553 was also granted PRIority MEdicine (PRIME) designation by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2020.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development by focusing on vaccine solutions addressing unmet medical needs to ensure we can make a difference to peoples’ lives. We apply our deep understanding of vaccine science  including our expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  and our established vaccine development capabilities  to develop vaccines against diseases which are not yet vaccine-preventable  or for which there are limited effective treatment options. Today  we are leveraging our expertise and capabilities to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccines into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate2 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate3 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva4 Valneva Announces Initiation of Adolescent Phase 3 Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva5 Valneva Completes Enrollment for Adolescent Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva6 FDA Accepts Valneva’s Chikungunya Vaccine License Application for Priority Review - Valneva7 VacZine Analytics Chikungunya virus vaccines Global demand analysis. February 20208 https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/chikungunya9 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas (Cumulative Cases 2018-2022 and Cases per year 2013-2017). https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 25 Jul 2022.10 https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/chikungunya11 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate12 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate13 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva14 Valneva and Instituto Butantan Sign Final Agreement on Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine for Low and Middle Income Countries15 CEPI awards up to $23.4 million to Valneva for late-stage development of a single-dose Chikungunya vaccineAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.07,0.6,True,English,"['Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate Phase 3 Data', 'The Lancet', 'Valneva', 'Publication', 'double-blind, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled phase 3 trial', 'attenuated, single dose investigational vaccine candidate', 'Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'four to seven days', 'positive twelve-month persistence data', 'broader public health communities', 'major public health threat', 'A Biologic License Application', 'leading peer-reviewed medical journal', 'single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate', 'single-shot live-attenuated chikungunya vaccine', 'first licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'CHIKV primary mosquito vectors', 'final pivotal Phase 3 data', 'existing commercial vaccines portfolio', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'one-third to three-quarters', 'pivotal Phase 3 study', 'U.S. Food', 'sudden large outbreaks', 'high attack rates', 'three million cases', 'Breakthrough Therapy designations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'unmet medical need', 'review goal date', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos', 'European Medicines Agency', 'lot consistency results', 'regulatory review processes', 'high seroresponse rate', 'FDA Fast Track', 'chikungunya virus genome', 'The Lancet Paper', 'final data', 'Phase 3 results', 'single administration', 'Drug Administration', 'regulatory application', 'Health Canada', 'final lot', 'mosquito bite', 'commercial operations', 'Priority Review', 'detailed results', 'clinical study', 'symptomatic disease', 'European Union', 'preventive vaccines', 'existing manufacturing', 'Euronext Paris', 'detailed analysis', 'older adults', 'following link', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'global market', 'Clinical symptoms', 'acute onset', 'debilitating joint', 'muscle pain', 'chronic arthralgia', 'Southeast Asia', 'economic impact', 'economic burden', 'effective treatments', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'PRIority MEdicine', 'PRIME) designation', 'Togaviridae virus', 'immunogenicity profile', 'scientific approach', 'vaccination completion', 'high-risk areas', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'Valneva SE', '110 countries', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'June', 'VLA', 'world', 'article', 'Safety', 'participants', 'younger', 'journals', 'publication', 'strength', 'quality', 'March', 'May', 'December', 'adolescents', 'Brazil', 'enrollment', 'February', 'PDUFA', 'end', 'August', 'Infection', 'humans', 'mortality', 'morbidity', 'fever', 'headache', 'nausea', 'rash', 'population', 'travelers', 'places', 'Americas', 'parts', 'Africa', 'July', 'LMIC', 'agreement', 'January', 'development', 'marketing', 'collaboration', 'framework', 'CEPI', 'funding', 'support', 'EMA', 'commercializatio']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Net-Asset-Value-as-at-31-May-2023-44103189/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Net Asset Value as at 31 May 2023,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited – May 2023 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  Attachment  Volta - Monthly Report May V2   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – May 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  13 June 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for May 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYThe performance of Volta Finance for the month of May was +1.88%. This strong performance does find its roots in the strong carry of the CLO asset class indeed  but it is above all the testimony that CLOs successfully managed to withstand the volatility induced by the recent troubles of the banking sector. On a year-to-date basis  Volta’s performance reached +11.0% which we believe is a very decent start for the year.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follows: -2.5% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +1.6% for CLO Equity tranches  +0.8% for CLO Debt tranches and -8.5% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (which represent slightly less than 2.0% of the fund’s NAV). Unlike the last couple of months  being long USD against Euro was the right positioning and it contributed to circa 1% of the monthly performance.The fund’s performance is mainly driven by the solid cash flows paid by Volta’s assets on a quarterly basis. May is usually a relatively quiet month in terms of payments as only €2.4m equivalent were collected although on a rolling-6-month basis Volta received the equivalent of €23.7m  ie. a 20.4% annualized cash flow to NAV.The high pace at which interest rates hiked through the last 12 months generated some volatility regarding CLO Equity cash flows  especially for USD CLO during Q4 2022. Since rates are expected to stabilize  we believe cash flows should remain at a relative high level and eventually set a new record for Volta in the coming quarters.These high cash flows are the consequences of our executive decision to increase our allocation to CLO Equity a few years ago as the cost of leverage was low. They are also a consequence of the current financial context as Loans trade at discount since the Ukrainian invasion and the start of the rapid rates-hike cycle. For instance  new loans have been issued sub-par with higher spreads while the pace of defaults remained relatively modest. As a result  CLOs fundamentals did not materially deteriorate  subordination levels were maintained (default costs being offset by the benefits of buying discounted Loans) and CLO equity benefited from a modest uptick in WAS (Weighted Average Spread of the underlying loan pools). We believe that those factors combined with higher interest rates may produce higher cashflow generations in the coming quarters.Regarding default rates  our central prediction for 2023 is to close the year with higher but manageable default rates. They were at 0.6% in Europe and 1.6% in the US as of the end of May and we expect them to trend in the 1-1.5% context for Europe and 2-2.5% for the US. Such levels should not create any issue regarding CLO Equity quarterly payments (no interruption/diversion of payments in 2023 and most probably none in 2024 as well).As at the end of May 2023  Volta’s NAV was €232.0m or €6.34 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 6.31% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 6.31% as at 31 March 2023.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 623 professionals and €817 billion in assets under management as of the end of September 2022.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.53,True,English,"['Net Asset Value', '31 May', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'underlying sub asset classes', 'CLO Equity cash flows', 'CLO Equity quarterly payments', 'underlying loan pools', 'rapid rates-hike cycle', 'Weighted Average Spread', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'CLO asset class', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'solid cash flows', '20.4% annualized cash flow', 'relative high level', 'high cash flows', 'current financial context', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'higher cashflow generations', 'manageable default rates', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'higher interest rates', 'May 2023 monthly report', 'AXA IM', 'USD CLO', 'Cash Corporate', 'quarterly basis', '1-1.5% context', 'listed securities', 'full report', 'default costs', 'higher spreads', 'high pace', 'cross-currency rates', 'UNITED STATES', 'strong carry', 'recent troubles', 'banking sector', 'last couple', 'right positioning', 'new record', 'coming quarters', 'executive decision', 'Ukrainian invasion', 'subordination levels', 'modest uptick', 'central prediction', 'Such levels', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'aggregate value', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'monthly performances', 'rolling-6-month basis', 'new loans', 'discounted Loans', 'month-end date', 'decent start', 'quiet month', '€2.4m equivalent', 'last 12 months', 'CLOs fundamentals', 'period ends', 'Serge Demay', 'Company Secretary', 'Guernsey Branch', 'The Companies', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Main Market', 'date basis', 'strong performance', 'NAV information', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '13 June', 'website', 'ACTIVITY', 'roots', 'testimony', 'volatility', 'year', 'Credit', 'ABS', 'less', 'assets', 'terms', 'Q4', 'consequences', 'allocation', 'leverage', 'instance', 'defaults', 'result', 'benefits', 'WAS', 'factors', 'Europe', 'issue', 'diversion', 'none', 'share', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'timely', 'price', '31 March', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'changes', 'portfolio', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', '44']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/13/2686813/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  in line with the launch of our €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 11 May......,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  in line with the launch of our €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 11 May 2023  we repurchased 1 668 753 shares during the week of 5 June 2023 up to and including 9 June 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €12.05 for a total amount of €20 109 907.62. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 7 135 186 ordinary shares at an average price of €11.94 for a total consideration of €85 194 270.12. To date approximately 5.68% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small diﬀerences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document.Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control. Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason. This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.17,0.35,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', '2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'related international response measures', 'currency exchange rates', 'related response measures', 'Frequent news updates', 'Groep N.V.', 'same accounting principles', 'Small diﬀerences', 'residual eﬀects', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'related market disruption', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'maximum total value', 'Group Investor Relations', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'wholesale banking services', 'daily repurchased shares', 'Bank N.V.', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Important legal information', 'financial services', 'economic crimes', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'European Union', 'financial markets', 'Group shares', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'financial information', 'average price', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'IFRS- EU', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential su', 'detailed information', 'total number', '7,135,186 ordinary shares', 'Christoph Linke', 'tax laws', '1,668,753 shares', 'Progress', 'line', 'launch', '11 May', '5 June', '9 June', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,globenewswire.com
26167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-announces-positive-topline-results-from-the-investigator-initiated-Phase-II-clinical-trial-44104349/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230613,Inventiva announces positive topline results from the investigator-initiated Phase II clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in patients with T2D and NAFLD,(marketscreener.com) Lanifibranor 800mg achieved the primary efficacy endpoint demonstrating a 44% reduction of hepatic fat measured by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy following 24 weeks of treatment in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease .A…,Lanifibranor 800mg achieved the primary efficacy endpoint demonstrating a 44% reduction of hepatic fat measured by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy ( 1 H-MRS) following 24 weeks of treatment in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).H-MRS) following 24 weeks of treatment in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). A significantly higher proportion of patients achieved a greater than 30% liver triglyceride reduction as well as NAFLD resolution with lanifibranor compared to placebo.Lanifibranor treatment significantly improved both hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity (i.e. fasting plasma insulin  fasting hepatic glucose production  hepatic insulin resistance index  insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal)  which translated into better glycemic control (i.e. HbA1c).The study met multiple secondary metabolic endpoints confirming the cardiometabolic benefit of lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD  and ability to improve adipose tissue function (i.e. significant increase in plasma adiponectin and reverse NAFLD).The study confirmed the favorable safety and tolerability profile of lanifibranor.Inventiva and Dr. Cusi will host an investors webcast Wednesday  June 14th at 8am EST (details below).Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  June 13  2022 –Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)  mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced positive topline results of the clinical study conducted by Dr. Kenneth Cusi from the University of Florida  evaluating lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D).The Phase II clinical trial randomized 38 patients into two arms  with patients receiving placebo or treatment with lanifibranor at 800mg/day for 24 weeks. The study achieved the primary efficacy endpoint with a 44% reduction of Intra Hepatic Triglycerides (IHTG) measured using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) in patients with NAFLD and T2D treated with lanifibranor (800mg/daily) for 24 weeks compared to 12% in the placebo arm. This result is consistent with the Phase IIb NATIVE trial findings  in which lanifibranor demonstrated a statistically significant effect on steatosis reduction as measured by CAP/Fibroscan.1The study demonstrated a statistically significant higher proportion of patients achieving a greater than 30% liver triglyceride reduction (65% vs. 22%  p =0.008) as well as NAFLD resolution (25% vs. 0%  p = 0.048) defined as IHTG ≤ 5.5% at week 24  with lanifibranor compared to placebo.In addition  the study demonstrated a significant effect on a series of secondary endpoints including (see tables below)  glycemic control (reduction in hemoglobin A1c)  atherogenic dyslipidemia (i.e.  increase in HDL-C)  hepatic insulin action (i.e.  fasting hepatic glucose production  hepatic insulin resistance index)  insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal (i.e.  in gold-standard euglycemic insulin clamp studies during high-dose insulin stimulation) and amelioration of the adipose tissue dysfunction with a robust increase in plasma adiponectin. The treatment with lanifibranor 800mg/once daily for 24 weeks was well tolerated  with no safety concerns reported.Additional secondary endpoints including a series of markers of cardiometabolic health are anticipated to be presented by Dr. Cusi in upcoming scientific conferences and publications.Dr. Michael Cooreman  M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Inventiva: “The results published today  by showing that lanifibranor reduces intrahepatic triglycerides and contributes to resolve NAFLD in patients with T2D further bolster our robust dataset from our Phase IIb NATIVE study on the efficacy of lanifibranor across the disease spectrum of NAFLD  i.e. histological benefits on NASH resolution and fibrosis improvement as well as an improvement of a broad panel of markers of cardiometabolic health. In addition  we are pleased to see that this study confirms the safety and tolerability of lanifibranor. We want to thank Dr. Cusi for successfully leading this study and for his innovative thinking in designing a clinical trial with these state-of-the-art NITs.”Dr. Kenneth Cusi  M.D.  F.A.C.P.  F.A.C.E.  Professor of Medicine at the Division of Endocrinology  Diabetes and Metabolism in the Department of Medicine  University of Florida and Principal Investigator of the study  stated: “This is an important study for a drug that has already shown promising results in patients with NASH. Lanifibranor is an insulin-sensitizer with demonstrated effects to reverse steatohepatitis and fibrosis. The positive results of our study on hepatic fat and liver and muscle insulin sensitivity  as well as fat metabolism  within just 24 weeks of treatment confirm the robustness of the mechanism of action of lanifibranor in key tissues  and its potential to manage patients with T2D but also patients with pre-diabetes and obesity. This study brings new and critical results for our patients with T2DM and NASH  which constitute a large proportion of the whole NASH patient population and for whom there are still no approved drugs available. I look forward to publishing more detailed analyses from this exciting study.”Summary of Week 24 changes in Liver Fat Full Analysis Set (N=38) Placebo (n=18) Lani 800mg (n=20) p value Change in liver fat (intrahepatic TGs) (%)a -12% -44% 0.002 (S) Proportion of patients with >30% liver fat reduction % b 22% 65% 0.008 (S) NAFLD resolution (defined as IHTG ≤ 5.5% at Week 24) c 0% 25% 0.048 (S)a P-value from an Analysis of Covariance. Missing data at Week 24 were imputed by baseline data.b Missing data at Week 24 were imputed as non-achieving reduction of 30% liver fat reduction.c Missing data at Week 24 were imputed as non-responders.Summary of Week 24 changes in glycemic control  insulin sensitivity and cardiometabolic biomarkers Completers (N=28) Placebo (n=14) Lani 800mg (n=14) Glycemic control Absolute change in HbA1c  % -0.2% -0.9*** Absolute change in Fasting plasma insulin  μU/ml -1.0 -6.7* Insulin sensitivity Absolute change in Hepatic Insulin Resistance index -9.5 -30.1* Absolute change in basal Endogenous glucose production (mg/kgLBM/min) 0.1 -0.5*** Absolute change in muscle insulin-stimulated glucose disposal (mg/kg LBM/min) -0.2 +2.2** Cardiometabolic biomarkers Absolute change in HDL-C  mg/dl -0.3 6.3* Absolute change in Adiponectin  μg/mL -0.2 7.5*** *p≤0.05 **p≤0.01  ***p≤ 0.001 versus placeboConference callInventiva will host a conference call and webcast with slide presentation on Wednesday  June 14  2023 at 8:00 am ET (New York time) 2:00 pm CET (Paris time). The conference call and the slides of the presentation will be webcast live at: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/8y8icxm8 and will also be available on Inventiva’s website: Investor Presentations - Inventiva Pharma .In order to receive the conference access information necessary to join the conference call  it is required to register in advance using the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI22f830c9addc4b7eaf2698bf8c72e1fe . Participants will need to use the conference access information provided in the e-mail received at the point of registering (dial-in number and access code).About lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator‑activated receptor (PPAR) isoforms  which are well‑characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well‑balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the only pan‑PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan‑PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre‑clinical studies to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits  including reduction of IHTG  reduction of steatosis  improvement of hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity and improvement of a panel of markers of cardiometabolic health  reduction in fasting plasma glucose  atherogenic dyslipidemia  hepatic insulin action  insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal  reversal of adipose tissue dysfunction with a robust increase in plasma adiponectin  and reversal of steatohepatitis and fibrosis  of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  the publication by Dr. Cusi of additional secondary endpoints  including a series of markers of cardiometabolic health and more detailed analyses  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.1 Lanifibranor treatment improves hepatic steatosis in patients with NASH  evaluated by histological grading and Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP); Cooreman MP  Abedelmalek MP  Baudin  Huot-Marchand  Dzen  Fournier  Junien  Broqua  Francque; https://inventivapharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/LANIFIBRANOR-TREATMENT-IMPROVES-HEPATIC...pdfAttachment,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,positive,0.84,0.08,0.08,True,English,"['investigator-initiated Phase II clinical trial', 'positive topline results', 'Inventiva', 'lanifibranor', 'patients', 'T2D', 'NAFLD', 'gold-standard euglycemic insulin clamp studies', 'Phase IIb NATIVE trial findings', 'The Phase II clinical trial', 'proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'F.A.C.P.', 'F.A.C.E.', 'insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal', 'Phase IIb NATIVE study', 'hepatic insulin resistance index', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'nonalcoholic fatty liver disease', 'multiple secondary metabolic endpoints', 'muscle insulin sensitivity', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'peripheral insulin sensitivity', 'high-dose insulin stimulation', 'hepatic glucose production', 'adipose tissue function', 'Long Island City', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'adipose tissue dysfunction', 'Additional secondary endpoints', 'upcoming scientific conferences', 'Dr. Michael Cooreman', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'Intra Hepatic Triglycerides', 'hepatic insulin action', 'type 2 diabetes mellitus', 'Dr. Kenneth Cusi', '30% liver triglyceride reduction', 'significant higher proportion', 'positive topline results', 'plasma insulin', 'Dr. Cusi', 'hepatic fat', 'significant effect', 'intrahepatic triglycerides', 'positive results', 'clinical study', 'significant increase', 'cardiometabolic benefit', 'plasma adiponectin', 'investors webcast', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'other diseases', 'two arms', 'hemoglobin A1c', 'atherogenic dyslipidemia', 'cardiometabolic health', 'M.D.', 'robust dataset', 'broad panel', 'innovative thinking', 'art NITs', 'Principal Investigator', 'promising results', 'demonstrated effects', 'key tissues', 'steatosis reduction', 'favorable safety', 'robust increase', 'safety concerns', 'tolerability profile', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'fat metabolism', 'important study', 'NASH resolution', 'placebo arm', 'NAFLD resolution', 'fibrosis improvement', 'Lanifibranor 800mg', 'Lanifibranor treatment', '44% reduction', 'NASH.', '1 H-MRS', '24 weeks', 'patients', 'greater', 'control', 'HbA1c', 'reverse', 'Inventiva', '8am', 'details', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'MPS', 'University', 'Florida', 'T2D', 'IHTG', 'CAP/Fibroscan', 'series', 'tables', 'HDL-C', 'amelioration', 'markers', 'publications', 'spectrum', 'benefits', 'Professor', 'Medicine', 'Division', 'Endocrinology', 'Department', 'drug', 'insulin-sensitizer', 'robustness', 'mechanism', 'potential']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,marketscreener.com
26168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.ibtimes.com.au/press-release/20230613/thales-proposes-to-acquire-tesserent-in-a-recommended-transaction-expanding-its-global-cybersecurity-leadership,Thales proposes to acquire Tesserent in a recommended transaction  expanding its global cybersecurity leadership,MELBOURNE  Australia & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Tesserent Limited (ASX: TNT) and Thales (Euronext Paris: HO) are pleased to announce that they have entered into a binding Scheme Implementation Deed (SID) under which it is proposed that Thales will acquire 100%…,MELBOURNE  Australia & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Tesserent Limited (ASX: TNT) and Thales (Euronext Paris: HO) are pleased to announce that they have entered into a binding Scheme Implementation Deed (SID) under which it is proposed that Thales will acquire 100%…,neutral,0.28,0.72,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['global cybersecurity leadership', 'Thales', 'Tesserent', 'transaction', 'binding Scheme Implementation Deed', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'MELBOURNE', 'Australia', 'ASX', 'TNT', 'Thales', 'HO', 'SID']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,ibtimes.com.au
26169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/06/13/global-shares-rally-as-us-inflation-slows-ahead-of-rate-decision/,Global shares rally as US inflation slows ahead of rate decision,Among the heavy hitters in Dublin  Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment finished the day up 2.9%,Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rose to fresh one-year highs after data showed consumer prices rose modestly in May  cementing bets that the Federal Reserve could skip raising interest rates at the end of its policy meeting on Wednesday. Photograph: Spencer Platt/Getty ImagesGlobal shares rallied and the dollar eased on Tuesday after US inflation data showed consumer prices barely rose in May  increasing expectations the Federal Reserve will pause hiking interest rates when it concludes a two-day meeting on Wednesday.DublinEuronext Dublin was up almost 1 per cent as it benefited from the promising inflation data from the United States.Among the banks  AIB finished up 70 basis point  while Bank of Ireland was flat on the day. A trader said there was “decent volume” in shares traded in Bank of Ireland in particular.There was some weakness in Permanent TSB  however  as it fell 4 per cent. A trader linked the fall to the recent move by the Government and NatWest moved to start a surprise sell-down of some of the shares they each hold in the group.READ MOREAmong the index’s heavy hitters  Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment was up 2.9 per cent at close of business  following the example of some of its US peers.In the tourism and leisure sector  Dalata Hotel Group – the largest hotel operator in the State – was up 1.5 per cent.There was some pressure still on landlord Ires Reit and agri-services outfit Origin Enterprises which were both down about 2 per cent at the end of trading.Elsewhere  home builder Cairn Homes was up 3 per cent as it continued to build on its recent momentum. Finally  Kerry Group finished the day up 0.5 per cent.LondonThe FTSE 100 – which is sensitive to international news – closed up 0.32 per cent  helped up by gains for mining stocks following a boost in oil prices.In company news  shares in housebuilder Bellway dipped after the company cautioned over a slowdown in demand for private properties.The FTSE 250-listed firm said it had seen an improvement in demand over the spring compared to a more challenging end to last year.But bosses remain “mindful” that cost-of-living pressures and higher interest rates could continue to have an impact. Shares in Bellway fell by nearly 3 per cent.Elsewhere  energy giant Centrica told shareholders at its annual general meeting that profits will be “significantly higher” than previous years in its household energy business over the first half of 2023.The boost will be felt by its retail division  which includes British Gas. Nevertheless  shares in Centrica dipped by 0.2 per cent.EuropeEuropean stocks moved higher after the US inflation suggested the cost-of-living squeeze is abating.The pan-regional Stoxx 600 index gained 0.59 per cent. It was a positive session for other European markets. Germany’s Dax rose 0.83 per cent and France’s Cac closed 0.56 per cent higher.New YorkThe S&P 500 and Nasdaq rose to fresh one-year highs after data showed consumer prices rose modestly in May  cementing bets that the Federal Reserve could skip raising interest rates at the end of its policy meeting on Wednesday.The consumer price index rose 0.1 per cent last month compared with a 0.4 per cent jump in April  with core inflation remaining unchanged at 0.4 per cent  according to the US labour department report.At 9.55am eastern time  the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.46 per cent; the S&P 500 was up 0.56 per cent; and the Nasdaq Composite was up 0.59 per cent.Oracle jumped 4.3 per cent to hit a fresh all-time high on upbeat quarterly revenue and forecast  while Intel gained 1.1 per cent on talks with SoftBank Group’s arm to be an anchor investor in its initial public offering.Bunge inched up 0.3 per cent after the US grains merchant and Glencore-backed Viterra said they were merging to create an agricultural trading giant.US-listed shares of Chinese companies including JD.com  Alibaba Group  Baidu and Netease rose between 2.9 per cent and 4.9 per cent after China’s central bank lowered its short-term lending rate for the first time in 10 months. Additional reporting: agencies,neutral,0.03,0.83,0.14,mixed,0.28,0.11,0.61,True,English,"['Global shares', 'US inflation', 'rate decision', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'US labour department report', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'The FTSE 250-listed firm', 'fresh one-year highs', 'largest hotel operator', 'landlord Ires Reit', 'upbeat quarterly revenue', 'initial public offering', 'short-term lending rate', 'US grains merchant', 'other European markets', '9.55am eastern time', 'pan-regional Stoxx 600 index', 'annual general meeting', 'Dalata Hotel Group', 'energy giant Centrica', 'household energy business', 'agricultural trading giant', 'The S&P 500', 'consumer price index', 'promising inflation data', 'higher interest rates', 'US inflation data', '0.4 per cent jump', 'US peers', 'European stocks', 'core inflation', 'first time', 'consumer prices', 'policy meeting', 'two-day meeting', '3 per cent', '0.2 per cent', '1.1 per cent', '2.9 per cent', 'Federal Reserve', 'Spencer Platt', 'Getty Images', 'United States', '70 basis point', 'decent volume', 'Permanent TSB', 'recent move', 'surprise sell-down', 'heavy hitters', 'leisure sector', 'home builder', 'Cairn Homes', 'recent momentum', 'Kerry Group', 'international news', 'mining stocks', 'oil prices', 'private properties', 'last year', 'living pressures', 'previous years', 'first half', 'retail division', 'British Gas', 'living squeeze', 'positive session', 'SoftBank Group', 'anchor investor', 'Glencore-backed Viterra', 'Chinese companies', 'JD.com', 'Alibaba Group', 'Additional reporting', 'Euronext Dublin', 'company news', 'housebuilder Bellway', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'central bank', 'Global shares', 'US-listed shares', 'challenging end', '4.9 per', 'Traders', 'floor', 'May', 'bets', 'Wednesday', 'Photograph', 'dollar', 'Tuesday', 'expectations', 'banks', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'weakness', 'fall', 'Government', 'NatWest', 'READ', 'close', 'example', 'tourism', 'London', 'gains', 'boost', 'slowdown', 'demand', 'improvement', 'spring', 'bosses', 'impact', 'shareholders', 'profits', 'cost', 'Germany', 'Dax', 'France', 'Cac', 'April', 'Oracle', 'forecast', 'Intel', 'talks', 'arm', 'Bunge', 'Baidu', 'Netease', 'China', '10 months', 'agencies', '0.5']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,irishtimes.com
26170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/eviden-launches-aisaac-cyber-mesh-strengthened-by-aws-for-reinforced-cyber-resilience-301849930.html,"Eviden launches ""AIsaac Cyber Mesh""  strengthened by AWS  for reinforced cyber resilience",ANAHEIM  Calif. and PARIS  June 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Eviden  an Atos business  a leader in digital  cloud  big data and security  today announces AIsaac Cyber Mesh  a next generation of cybersecurity detection and response  reinforced by Amazon Web Servic…,"ANAHEIM  Calif. and PARIS  June 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Eviden  an Atos business  a leader in digital  cloud  big data and security  today announces AIsaac Cyber Mesh  a next generation of cybersecurity detection and response  reinforced by Amazon Web Services (AWS) Security Data Lake and powered by generative AI technologies. AIsaac Cyber Mesh offers an advanced end-to-end detection  response  and recovery solution  built on a cybersecurity mesh-enabled architecture1 using generative AI and predictive analytics.Combined with Amazon Security Lake  which centralizes data from multiple sources including on-premises and custom sources  AIsaac Cyber Mesh enables businesses to have a more complete understanding of the scope and impact of security incidents. This powerful use of Eviden's AI-powered cyber mesh on top of AWS services enables faster and more accurate alert detection that increases rapid response times and reinforces cyber resilience across enterprise digital estates.AIsaac Cyber Mesh leverages Eviden's proven  award-winning Managed Detection & Response (MDR) service capability and includes AWS services that drive the creation and use of generative AI  such as Amazon Bedrock.This solution is part of AWS' new Strategic Partner Security Initiative  which aims to develop end-to-end security solutions and managed services jointly with global systems integrators (GSIs) that are members of the AWS Partner Network  by leveraging their capabilities  scale and deep security knowledge.Key benefits of AIsaac Cyber Mesh:Anticipate and neutralize threats : Predict and identify potential threats before they occur using hyper-threat intelligence customized to each business environment with industry specific AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) models for fine-grained threat anticipation.: Predict and identify potential threats before they occur using hyper-threat intelligence customized to each business environment with industry specific AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) models for fine-grained threat anticipation. Enhance cyber resilience: Businesses can reduce downtime even in the most aggressive attack scenarios by rapidly recovering business-critical systems and data.Businesses can reduce downtime even in the most aggressive attack scenarios by rapidly recovering business-critical systems and data. Effectively manage exposure : Identify and fix exposures across a digital estate before attackers can exploit them. Assist with maintaining regulatory compliance by pinpointing and mitigating vulnerabilities.: Identify and fix exposures across a digital estate before attackers can exploit them. Assist with maintaining regulatory compliance by pinpointing and mitigating vulnerabilities. Automate cognitive response: Mitigates breaches despite the most complex attacks by containing threats and automating responses using sophisticated algorithms that complement human responders.Mitigates breaches despite the most complex attacks by containing threats and automating responses using sophisticated algorithms that complement human responders. Transition from mess to mesh : Use mesh architecture to leverage security features and data from existing security product investments to amplify outcomes and benefits.: Use mesh architecture to leverage security features and data from existing security product investments to amplify outcomes and benefits. Visualize business risks : Organizations can gain insight into their security posture with business context and identify and prioritize potential risks.: Organizations can gain insight into their security posture with business context and identify and prioritize potential risks. Access to cutting-edge innovation: The Cyber Mesh will enable customers to access the potential of Eviden's ongoing proprietary innovation streams  while also leveraging pioneering startups in its renowned accelerator program  Scaler  so that they may benefit from the most advanced cybersecurity solutions of today and tomorrow.Jean-Philippe Poirault  CEO Big Data and Security  Eviden  Atos Group said ""As businesses' digital estates become increasingly complex  the risk of cyber threats  and effective anticipation and management of these  becomes more and more challenging. We are delighted to bring together the expertise and capabilities of AWS and Eviden with AIsaac Cyber Mesh - a purpose-built  end-to-end cyber resilience solution that offers businesses a cohesive way to manage  detect and recover from security threats and cyber-attacks.""Antonio Alonso Lopez  Director of Partner Sales  EMEA  AWS said ""With the rapid evolution of technology  companies should have an end-to-end cybersecurity strategy that enables them to innovate confidently. Reinforced by Amazon Security Lake and Eviden's Gen AI services  AIsaac will handle detection  investigation  and responses to cyber threats so companies can focus on achieving their business objectives.""A Leader in European Managed Security Services (MSS) 2  Eviden is a digital services powerhouse with 6 500 dedicated security experts and 16 next-generation global Security Operations Centers (SOC) operating 24/7/365  as well as its award-winning AI cybersecurity mesh platform AIsaac Cyber Mesh.AWS and Eviden have a long and successful history. Atos has been collaborating with AWS since 2013 to bring together market-leading technologies for cloud deployments. Atos was named AWS Global Systems Integrator (GSI) Partner of the Year EMEA in 2022. Through the Atos Group  Eviden has more than 3 400 active AWS certifications  16 AWS competencies (including Level 1 Managed Security Service Provider) and more than 50 joint customer launches. Eviden has been a launch partner for several security programs from AWS  including the Amazon Security Lake and AWS KMS External Key Store (XKS).AIsaac Cyber Mesh will be available from the end of H2. For more information https://page.eviden.com/aisaac-cyber-meshAbout Eviden3Eviden designs the scope composed of Atos' digital  cloud  big data and security business lines. It will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a next generation digital business with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 57 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Eviden is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.1 Cybersecurity mesh  or cybersecurity mesh architecture (CSMA)  is a collaborative ecosystem of tools and controls to secure a modern  distributed enterprise. Access full description by Gartner here.2 Report: ""IDC MarketScape: European Managed Security Services 2022 Vendor Assessment"" (document #EUR146178820  January 2022)3Eviden business is operated through the following brands: Alia Consulting  AppCentrica  ATHEA  Atos Syntel  Bull  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  digital.security  Eagle Creek  EcoAct  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  IDnomic  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Miner & Kasch  Motiv  Nimbix  Processia  Profit4SF  science+computing  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion  zDataEviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.SOURCE Atos",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.11,0.7,True,English,"['AIsaac Cyber Mesh', 'cyber resilience', 'Eviden', 'AWS', 'new Strategic Partner Security Initiative', 'Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) models', 'ongoing proprietary innovation streams', 'existing security product investments', 'proven, award-winning Managed Detection', 'European Managed Security Services', 'end cyber resilience solution', 'AWS) Security Data Lake', 'MDR) service capability', 'industry specific AIML', 'aggressive attack scenarios', 'renowned accelerator program', 'Antonio Alonso Lopez', 'Amazon Security Lake', 'deep security knowledge', '6,500 dedicated security experts', 'cybersecurity mesh-enabled architecture1', 'fine-grained threat anticipation', 'enterprise digital estates', 'AI-powered cyber mesh', 'The Cyber Mesh', 'global systems integrators', 'AWS Partner Network', 'Amazon Web Services', 'advanced cybersecurity solutions', 'accurate alert detection', 'AIsaac Cyber Mesh', 'digital services powerhouse', 'end security solutions', 'end cybersecurity strategy', 'Gen AI services', 'CEO Big Data', 'rapid response times', ""businesses' digital estates"", 'Partner Sales', 'hyper-threat intelligence', 'cutting-edge innovation', 'cybersecurity detection', 'security incidents', 'security features', 'security posture', 'Amazon Bedrock', 'effective anticipation', 'advanced end', 'mesh architecture', 'AWS services', 'digital, cloud', 'rapid evolution', 'security threats', 'cyber threats', 'recovery solution', 'business-critical systems', 'Atos business', 'next generation', 'predictive analytics', 'multiple sources', 'custom sources', 'complete understanding', 'business environment', 'regulatory compliance', 'complex attacks', 'sophisticated algorithms', 'human responders', 'business risks', 'business context', 'pioneering startups', 'Jean-Philippe Poirault', 'Atos Group', 'cohesive way', 'business objectives', 'potential risks', 'AI technologies', 'cognitive response', 'powerful use', 'potential threats', 'Key benefits', 'ANAHEIM', 'Calif.', 'PARIS', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'Eviden', 'leader', 'premises', 'scope', 'impact', 'top', 'faster', 'creation', 'GSIs', 'members', 'capabilities', 'scale', 'downtime', 'exposure', 'attackers', 'vulnerabilities', 'breaches', 'responses', 'Transition', 'mess', 'outcomes', 'Organizations', 'insight', 'Access', 'customers', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'management', 'expertise', 'cyber-attacks', 'Director', 'EMEA', 'technology', 'companies', 'investigation', 'MSS']",2023-06-13,2023-06-14,prnewswire.com
26171,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.onvista.de/news/2023/06-14-advicenne-announces-long-term-results-of-the-european-clinical-development-program-for-adv7103-5-26143975,Advicenne Announces Long-Term Results of the European Clinical Development Program for ADV7103,Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746)  a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases ,Regulatory News:Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746)  a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases  announces today the scientific communication program for the results of the ARENA-1 clinical development program.The latest results of the follow-up study of patients with distal Renal Tubular Acidosis (dRTA) treated with ADV7103 will be presented at the following scientific conferences:European Renal Association (ERA)  June 15-18  2023 - Milan (Italy) Title: Significant clinical improvement of pediatric and adult patients with distal Renal Tubular Acidosis after 6 years of treatment with Sibnayal® Authors: Dr. Aurélia Bertholet et al. Session: Focused Orals 1.1 (June 16)European Society of Pediatric Nephrology (ESPN)  September 28 to October 1  2023 - Vilnius (Lithuania) Title: Long-term clinical outcomes in patients with distal renal tubular acidosis after 6 years treatment with Sibnayal® Authors: Dr. Aurélia Bertholet et al. Session: Symposium 5 - Diagnostics (Oral presentation  September 30)During the ERA congress  the European Society of Pediatric Nephrology (ESPN) will present the first follow-up analyses of dRTA patients from the European registry.Title: First interim analysis of the international distal renal tubular acidosis registry Authors: Dr. Marta Giaccari et al. Session: Free communication (June 16)About Advicenne Advicenne (Euronext:ALDVI) is a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in 2007  specializing in the development of innovative treatments in Nephrology. Its lead product Sibnayal® (ADV7103) has received its Marketing Approval for distal renal tubular acidosis in EU and GB. ADV7103 is currently in late-stage development in cystinuria in Europe and in dRTA and cystinuria in the US and in Canada. Headquartered in Paris  Advicenne  listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange since 2017  has now been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since its transfer on March 30  2022. For additional information  see: https://advicenne.com/.Disclaimer This press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Advicenne group and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Advicenne considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial market authority on April 28  2023 (a copy of which is available on www.advicenne.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Advicenne operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Advicenne or not currently considered material by Advicenne. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements of Advicenne to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Advicenne expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230613525191/en/Advicenne Didier Laurens  CEO +33 (0)1 87 44 40 17 Email: investors@advicenne.comUlysse Communication Media relations Bruno Arabian +33 (0)6 87 88 47 26 Email: barabian@ulysse-communication.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['European Clinical Development Program', 'Long-Term Results', 'Advicenne', 'ADV7103', 'international distal renal tubular acidosis registry', 'Dr. Aurélia Bertholet', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'French financial market authority', 'Ulysse Communication Media relations', 'ARENA-1 clinical development program', 'Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI', 'rare renal diseases', 'Dr. Marta Giaccari', 'Significant clinical improvement', 'Long-term clinical outcomes', 'European Renal Association', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'scientific communication program', 'following scientific conferences', 'First interim analysis', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'first follow-up analyses', 'product candidate development', 'Advicenne Didier Laurens', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'European registry', 'financial conditions', 'follow-up study', 'Free communication', 'lead product', 'European Society', 'financial markets', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'Oral presentation', 'Marketing Approval', 'late-stage development', 'additional information', 'press release', 'economic conditions', 'source version', 'Bruno Arabian', 'latest results', 'actual results', 'adult patients', 'Advicenne group', 'Sibnayal® Authors', 'Pediatric Nephrology', 'numerous risks', '6 years treatment', 'dRTA patients', 'Advicenne Advicenne', 'commercialization', 'ADV7103', 'ERA', 'June', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Title', 'Orals', 'ESPN', 'September', 'October', 'Vilnius', 'Lithuania', 'Symposium', 'Diagnostics', 'congress', 'Session', 'GB', 'cystinuria', 'Canada', 'transfer', 'March', 'Disclaimer', 'business', 'prospects', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'estimates', 'April', 'copy', 'part', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'CEO', 'Email', 'investors', 'barabian']",2023-06-14,2023-06-14,onvista.de
26172,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-own-060011394.html,Cairn Homes Plc Transaction in Own Shares,"The Company announces that on 13 June 2023 it purchased a total of 193 186 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody ...","Cairn Homes Plc (CRN)Cairn Homes Plc Transaction in Own Shares14 June 2023 Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”) Transaction in own shares The Company announces that on 13 June 2023 it purchased a total of 193 186 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 93 186 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.1600 £0.9970 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.1400 £0.9790 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.1510 £0.9884 The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023. Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 672 700 131 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below. Contacts: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley  Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext Dublin Number of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 4 929 1.1480 XDUB 10:07:15 00027789344TRDU1 2 592 1.1480 XDUB 10:20:10 00027789427TRDU1 5 518 1.1480 XDUB 10:20:10 00027789426TRDU1 643 1.1480 XDUB 10:20:10 00027789425TRDU1 2 832 1.1460 XDUB 10:29:29 00027789507TRDU1 239 1.1400 XDUB 11:12:37 00027789777TRDU1 2 818 1.1400 XDUB 11:12:37 00027789779TRDU1 2 607 1.1400 XDUB 11:12:37 00027789778TRDU1 3 281 1.1420 XDUB 11:52:03 00027789984TRDU1 2 672 1.1420 XDUB 11:52:03 00027789983TRDU1 4 979 1.1420 XDUB 11:52:03 00027789980TRDU1 1 150 1.1440 XDUB 13:06:38 00027790263TRDU1 1 671 1.1440 XDUB 13:06:38 00027790262TRDU1 378 1.1460 XDUB 13:22:39 00027790446TRDU1 2 918 1.1460 XDUB 13:22:39 00027790445TRDU1 5 268 1.1460 XDUB 13:24:10 00027790449TRDU1 2 845 1.1440 XDUB 13:30:05 00027790476TRDU1 5 553 1.1500 XDUB 14:02:35 00027790623TRDU1 2 779 1.1580 XDUB 14:37:45 00027790907TRDU1 2 584 1.1580 XDUB 14:43:59 00027790983TRDU1 2 949 1.1580 XDUB 14:47:45 00027791030TRDU1 2 794 1.1580 XDUB 14:55:28 00027791102TRDU1 2 584 1.1560 XDUB 15:00:14 00027791156TRDU1 3 035 1.1560 XDUB 15:00:14 00027791155TRDU1 2 826 1.1560 XDUB 15:00:14 00027791154TRDU1 2 909 1.1600 XDUB 15:23:03 00027791352TRDU1 3 158 1.1600 XDUB 15:23:03 00027791351TRDU1 37 1.1580 XDUB 15:34:13 00027791443TRDU1 1 690 1.1580 XDUB 15:34:13 00027791444TRDU1 283 1.1600 XDUB 16:08:19 00027791843TRDU1 5 967 1.1600 XDUB 16:08:19 00027791842TRDU1 825 1.1600 XDUB 16:10:22 00027791860TRDU1 2 931 1.1600 XDUB 16:10:22 00027791859TRDU1 2 106 1.1600 XDUB 16:10:24 00027791861TRDU1 728 1.1580 XDUB 16:11:58 00027791875TRDU1 108 1.1600 XDUB 16:27:24 00027791997TRDU1 London Stock Exchange Number of Shares Price per Share (STG) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 2 700 0.9840 XLON 09:58:29 00027789304TRDU1 796 0.9830 XLON 10:07:15 00027789343TRDU1 3 370 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789526TRDU1 2 398 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789525TRDU1 1 245 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789524TRDU1 559 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789523TRDU1 780 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789527TRDU1 881 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789530TRDU1 1 838 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789529TRDU1 162 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789528TRDU1 257 0.9840 XLON 10:31:50 00027789531TRDU1 3 071 0.9790 XLON 11:12:37 00027789776TRDU1 2 999 0.9790 XLON 11:12:37 00027789775TRDU1 3 002 0.9810 XLON 12:05:48 00027790023TRDU1 118 0.9810 XLON 12:26:27 00027790124TRDU1 3 000 0.9810 XLON 12:26:28 00027790125TRDU1 2 121 0.9810 XLON 12:49:07 00027790209TRDU1 390 0.9810 XLON 12:49:07 00027790208TRDU1 501 0.9810 XLON 12:49:07 00027790210TRDU1 1 144 0.9840 XLON 13:06:50 00027790264TRDU1 390 0.9840 XLON 13:13:34 00027790418TRDU1 874 0.9850 XLON 13:15:48 00027790433TRDU1 802 0.9850 XLON 13:15:48 00027790432TRDU1 3 758 0.9840 XLON 13:24:10 00027790448TRDU1 271 0.9840 XLON 13:25:30 00027790451TRDU1 97 0.9840 XLON 13:25:30 00027790450TRDU1 4 823 0.9840 XLON 13:25:30 00027790452TRDU1 514 0.9900 XLON 14:04:54 00027790643TRDU1 1 700 0.9900 XLON 14:04:54 00027790642TRDU1 1 146 0.9900 XLON 14:04:54 00027790641TRDU1 2 000 0.9900 XLON 14:18:28 00027790733TRDU1 328 0.9900 XLON 14:18:28 00027790732TRDU1 1 100 0.9900 XLON 14:27:09 00027790766TRDU1 312 0.9900 XLON 14:27:09 00027790765TRDU1 3 034 0.9910 XLON 14:31:37 00027790789TRDU1 3 000 0.9940 XLON 14:38:19 00027790911TRDU1 3 296 0.9910 XLON 14:43:59 00027790982TRDU1 5 934 0.9920 XLON 14:47:45 00027791029TRDU1 2 092 0.9950 XLON 15:13:48 00027791308TRDU1 2 807 0.9970 XLON 15:18:16 00027791345TRDU1 6 655 0.9930 XLON 15:26:42 00027791369TRDU1 1 151 0.9930 XLON 15:26:42 00027791368TRDU1 3 082 0.9920 XLON 15:34:13 00027791442TRDU1 1 951 0.9950 XLON 15:58:56 00027791774TRDU1 945 0.9950 XLON 15:58:56 00027791773TRDU1 5 932 0.9920 XLON 16:00:54 00027791795TRDU1 1 008 0.9920 XLON 16:00:54 00027791794TRDU1 2 802 0.9930 XLON 16:10:22 00027791858TRDU1 2 805 0.9950 XLON 16:23:55 00027791967TRDU1 1 676 0.9950 XLON 16:27:14 00027791996TRDU1 2 383 0.9920 XLON 16:28:00 00027792004TRDU1Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.49,0.51,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc Transaction', 'Own Shares', 'Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone GMT Currency', 'Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name', 'transaction Transaction Reference Number', 'Cairn Homes Plc Transaction', 'Euronext Dublin Number', 'Trading venue Time', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', '672,700,131 ordinary shares', '100,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'average price', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Own Shares', 'Shares Price', 'The Company', 'CRN', '14 June', '13 June', 'Volume', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'LEI', 'GBP', 'XDUB', 'XLON']",2023-06-14,2023-06-14,uk.news.yahoo.com
